<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_776901_0000776901-23-000064.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34891466</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>373660</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6342000</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13622399</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7313878</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6563628</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000776901-23-000064.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000776901-23-000064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		156
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INDEPENDENT BANK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000776901
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				042870273
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09047
		FILM NUMBER:		23685637

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		288 UNION STREET
		CITY:			ROCKLAND
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02370
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7818786100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		288 UNION STREET
		CITY:			ROCKLAND
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02370

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000776901-23-000064.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 indb-20221231.htm
 10-K

indb-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 . 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 Office Address: Mailing Address: (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each Class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Global Select Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of such stock on June 30, 2022 was approximately . 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. February 24, 2023 - 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 . 

Table of Contents 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORP. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page # Part I Item 1. Business 
 5 
 General 
 5 
 Market Area and Competition 
 5 
 Lending Activities 
 6 
 Sources of Funds 
 9 
 Regulation 
 10 
 Human Capital Management 
 14 
 Available Information 
 16 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2. Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Independent Bank Corp. s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Table 1 - Selected Financial Data 
 39 
 Table 2 - Securities Portfolio Composition 
 40 
 Table 3 - Securities Portfolio, Amounts Maturing 
 41 
 Table 4 - Aggregate Book Value and Market Value of Select Securities 
 41 
 Table 5 - Closed Residential Real Estate Loans 
 42 
 Table 6 - Residential Mortgage Loan Sales 
 42 
 Table 7 - Mortgage Servicing Asset 
 43 
 Table 8 - Loan Portfolio Composition 
 43 
 Table 9 - Scheduled Contractual Loan Amortization 
 44 
 Table 10 - Nonperforming Assets 
 46 
 Table 11 - Activity in Nonperforming Assets 
 46 
 Table 12 - Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 47 
 Table 13 - Activity in Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 47 
 Table 14 - Interest Income - Nonaccrual Loans and Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 47 
 Table 15 - Summary Net Charge-Offs to Average Loans Outstanding 
 49 
 Table 16 - Summary of Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses 
 50 
 Table 17 - Maturities of Uninsured Time Deposits 
 51 
 Table 18 - Summary of Results of Operations 
 52 
 Table 19 - Average Balance, Interest Earned/Paid Average Yields 
 53 
 Table 20 - Volume Rate Analysis 
 55 
 Table 21 - Noninterest Income 
 56 
 Table 22 - Noninterest Expense 
 57 
 Table 23 - Tax Provision and Applicable Tax Rates 
 58 
 Table 24 - Sources of Liquidity 
 60 
 Table 25 - Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 61 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 65 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 INDEPENDENT BANK CORP. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 65 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 73 
 Note 2 - Acquisitions 
 83 
 Note 3 - Securities 
 85 
 Note 4 - Loans, Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality 
 90 
 Note 5 - Bank Premises and Equipment 
 100 
 Note 6 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 100 
 Note 7 - Deposits 
 102 
 Note 8 - Borrowings 
 102 
 Note 9 - Stock Based Compensation 
 104 
 Note 1 0 - Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 107 
 Note 1 1 - Income Taxes 
 114 
 Note 1 2 - Low Income Housing Project Investments 
 117 
 Note 1 3 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 117 
 Note 1 4 - Fair Value Measurements 
 122 
 Note 1 5 - Revenue Recognition 
 129 
 Note 1 6 - Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 132 
 Note 1 7 - Leases 
 134 
 Note 1 8 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 135 
 Note 19 - Regulatory Matters 
 135 
 Note 2 0 - Parent Company Financial Statements 
 137 
 Note 2 1 - Transactions with Related Parties 
 140 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 140 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 140 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 143 
 Item 9C. Disclosure regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 143 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 143 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 143 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 143 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 145 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 145 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 145 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 148 
 Signatures 
 149 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Report"), including Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are not historical facts and include expressions about management s confidence and strategies and management s expectations about new and existing programs and products, acquisitions, relationships, opportunities, taxation, technology, market conditions and economic expectations. These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as "should," "will," "may," "expect," "believe," "view," "opportunity," "allow," "continues," "reflects," "typically," "usually," "anticipate," "could," "forecast," "intend" or similar statements or variations of such terms. Such forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements in addition to those risk factors discussed in Part I. Item 1A of this Report include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 further weakening in the United States economy in general and the regional and local economies within the New England region and the Company s market area, including any future weakening caused by the Coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic and any uncertainty regarding the length and extent of economic contraction as a result of the pandemic; 
 the effects of inflationary pressures, labor market shortages and supply chain issues; 
 the instability or volatility in financial markets and unfavorable general economic or business conditions, globally, nationally or regionally, caused by geopolitical concerns, including as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 unanticipated loan delinquencies, loss of collateral, decreased service revenues, and other potential negative effects on our business caused by severe weather, pandemics or other external events; 
 adverse changes or volatility in the local real estate market; 
 adverse changes in asset quality and any unanticipated credit deterioration in our loan portfolio including those related to one or more large commercial relationships; 
 acquisitions may not produce results at levels or within time frames originally anticipated and may result in unforeseen integration issues or impairment of goodwill and/or other intangibles; 
 additional regulatory oversight and related compliance costs; 
 changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; 
 higher than expected tax expense, resulting from failure to comply with general tax laws and changes in tax laws; 
 changes in market interest rates for interest earning assets and/or interest bearing liabilities and changes related to the phase-out of the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"); 
 increased competition in the Company s market areas; 
 adverse weather, changes in climate, natural disasters, geopolitical concerns, including those arising from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, any further resurgences or variants of the COVID-19 virus, the efficacy and availability of vaccines, boosters or other treatments, actions taken by governmental authorities in response thereto, other public health crises or man-made events, and their impact on the Company's local economies or the Company's operations; 
 a deterioration in the conditions of the securities markets; 
 a deterioration of the credit rating for U.S. long-term sovereign debt, actions that the U.S. government may take to avoid exceeding the debt ceiling, or uncertainties surrounding the debt ceiling and the federal budget; 
 inability to adapt to changes in information technology, including changes to industry accepted delivery models driven by a migration to the internet as a means of service delivery; 
 electronic fraudulent activity within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector; 
 adverse changes in consumer spending and savings habits; 
 the effect of laws and regulations regarding the financial services industry; 
 changes in laws and regulations (including laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance) generally applicable to the Company s business; 
 the Company's potential judgments, claims, damages, penalties, fines and reputational damage resulting from pending or future litigation and regulatory and government actions; 
 changes in accounting policies, practices and standards, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and other accounting standard setters; 
 cyber security attacks or intrusions that could adversely impact our businesses; and 
 other unexpected material adverse changes in our operations or earnings. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Except as required by law, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update publicly any such forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events or otherwise. Any public statements or disclosures made by the Company following the date of this Report which modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in this Report will be deemed to modify or supersede such statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 
 
 Independent Bank Corp. (the "Company") is a state chartered, federally registered bank holding company headquartered in Rockland, Massachusetts that was incorporated under Massachusetts law in 1985. The Company is the sole stockholder of Rockland Trust Company ("Rockland Trust" or the "Bank"), a Massachusetts trust company chartered in 1907. The Bank provides a wide range of banking, investment and financial services, operating with over 120 retail branches, as well as a network of commercial and residential lending centers, and investment management offices primarily in Eastern Massachusetts, Worcester County, and Rhode Island. Rockland Trust also offers a full suite of mobile, online, and telephone banking services. At December 31, 2022, the Company had total assets of 19.3 billion, total deposits of 15.9 billion, and stockholders equity of 2.9 billion. 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Independent Bank Corp. s consolidated subsidiaries included the Company s banking subsidiary, Rockland Trust, which is the Company s only reportable operating segment. Rockland Trust had the following wholly-owned corporate subsidiaries: 
 
 Six Massachusetts security corporations, namely Rockland Borrowing Collateral Securities Corp., Rockland Deposit Collateral Securities Corp., Taunton Avenue Securities Corp., Goddard Ave Securities Corp., MFLR Securities Corporation, and BH Security Corporation; 
 RTC LIHTC Investments LLC and Rockland MHEF Fund LLC, established to invest primarily in Massachusetts-based low-income housing tax credit projects; 
 Rockland Trust Phoenix LLC, formed for the purpose of holding, maintaining, and disposing of certain foreclosed properties; 
 Bright Rock Capital Management LLC, which was established to act as a registered investment advisor under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940; and 
 Compass Exchange Advisors LLC, which provides like-kind exchange services pursuant to section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 In addition, the Company is currently the sponsor of Independent Capital Trust V, a Delaware statutory trust, Central Bancorp Capital Trust I, a Delaware statutory trust, and Central Bancorp Statutory Trust II, a Connecticut statutory trust, each of which was formed to issue trust preferred securities. These statutory trusts are not included in the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

Market Area and Competition 
 
 The Bank contends with considerable competition both in generating loans and attracting deposits. The Bank s competition for generating loans is primarily from other commercial banks, savings banks, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, finance companies, online lenders or online banks, and other institutional lenders. Competitive factors considered for loan generation include interest rates, terms offered, loan fees charged, loan products offered, services provided, and geographic locations and a simplified application process. 
 
 In attracting deposits, the Bank s primary competitors are savings banks, commercial and co-operative banks, credit unions, internet banks, as well as other nonbank institutions that offer financial alternatives such as brokerage firms and insurance companies. Competitive factors considered in attracting and retaining deposits include deposit and investment products and their respective rates of return, brand awareness, liquidity, and risk, among other factors, such as convenient branch locations and hours of operation, personalized customer service, online and mobile access to accounts and automated teller machines. 
 
 The Bank s market area is attractive and entry into the market by financial institutions previously not competing in the market area may continue to occur which could impact the Bank s growth or profitability. The Bank s market area is generally comprised of Eastern Massachusetts, as well as Worcester County and Rhode Island. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Lending Activities 
 
 The Bank s gross loan portfolio (loans before allowance for credit losses) amounted to 13.9 billion on December 31, 2022, or 72.2 of total assets. The Bank s borrowers consist of small-to-upper middle market sized businesses and consumers. Substantially all of the Bank s commercial, consumer real estate, and other consumer loan portfolios consist of loans made to residents of and businesses located in the Bank s market area. The majority of the real estate loans in the Bank s loan portfolio are secured by properties located within this market area. 
 
 Although the Bank judges its borrowers' creditworthiness, the risk of deterioration in borrowers abilities to repay their loans in accordance with their existing loan agreements is inherent in any lending function. Loans are approved based upon a hierarchy of authority, predicated upon the size of the loan. Levels within the hierarchy of lending authorities range from individual lenders to the Loan Approval Committee levels. In accordance with federal and state banking law, the Bank is permitted, with certain exceptions, to make loans and commitments to any one borrower, including related entities, in the aggregate amount of not more than 20 of the Bank s stockholders equity, or 569.7 million at December 31, 2022, which is the Bank s legal lending limit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank has established a more restrictive limit of 190.0 million as of December 31, 2022, which may only be exceeded with the approval of the Board of Directors. There were no borrowers whose total indebtedness in aggregate exceeded the Bank s self-imposed restrictive limit. The Bank s largest relationship as of December 31, 2022 consisted of 10 loans with an aggregate exposure of 171.0 million. 
 
 Loan Portfolio The following table shows the balance of the gross average loan portfolio by category, the percentage of the gross average loan portfolio, and the percentage of total interest income that the loans generated, by category, for the fiscal years indicated: 
 Average Balance for the Year Ended of Total Loans of Total Interest Income Generated for the Years Ended December 31, December 31, 2022 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial 10,742,651 78.6 72.9 71.8 67.9 Consumer real estate 2,892,721 21.2 16.7 19.6 23.6 Other consumer 31,986 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 Total 13,667,358 100.0 89.9 91.8 92.0 
 
 Commercial Loans Commercial loans consist of commercial real estate loans, commercial construction loans, commercial and industrial loans, and small business loans (which generally consist of loans to businesses with commercial credit needs of less than or equal to 750,000). The Bank offers secured and unsecured commercial loans for business purposes. Commercial loans may be structured as term loans or as revolving/nonrevolving lines of credit, and include overdraft protection, letters of credit, and automatic clearinghouse ("ACH") exposure. Secured loans may be collateralized by either owner or nonowner-occupied commercial mortgages or other assets. 
 
 The Bank s commercial real estate portfolio, inclusive of commercial construction, is the Bank s largest loan type concentration. Although terms vary, commercial real estate loans typically are underwritten with maturities up to ten years. These loans generally have amortization periods of 20 to 25 years. It is the Bank s practice to obtain personal guarantees from the principals of the borrower on commercial real estate loans and to obtain financial statements at least annually from all commercial and multi-family borrowers. Commercial real estate lending entails additional risks as compared to residential real estate lending as these loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. Construction loans within this category also present a degree of risk may be affected by a variety of factors, such as adverse changes in interest rates and the borrower s ability to control costs and adhere to time schedules. Development of commercial real estate projects also may be subject to numerous land use and environmental issues. The payment experience on nonowner-occupied commercial real estate projects is typically dependent on the successful operation of the real estate project, which can be significantly impacted by supply and demand conditions within the markets for commercial, retail, office, industrial/warehouse and multi-family tenancy. 
 
 The Bank believes this portfolio is well diversified with loans secured by a variety of property types, such as owner-occupied and nonowner-occupied commercial, retail, office, industrial, warehouse, industrial development bonds and other special purpose properties, such as hotels, motels, nursing homes, restaurants, churches, and recreational facilities. Commercial 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 real estate also includes loans secured by certain residential-related property types including multi-family apartment buildings, residential development tracts and condominiums. 
 
 The following pie chart shows the diversification of the commercial real estate portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Select Statistics Regarding the Commercial Real Estate Portfolio (Dollars in thousands) Average loan size 1,602 Largest individual commercial real estate mortgage outstanding 63,118 Commercial real estate nonperforming loans/commercial real estate loans 0.18 Owner occupied commercial real estate loans/commercial real estate loans 11.7 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans consist of both term loans and revolving lines of credit. Term loans generally have a repayment schedule of five years or less and are collateralized by equipment, machinery or other business assets. In addition, the Bank generally obtains personal guarantees from the principal owners of the borrower for its commercial and industrial loans. Revolving lines of credit, including asset-based lines, are typically collateralized by accounts receivable, inventory, or both, as well as other business assets. Commercial revolving lines of credit and asset based lines generally are reviewed on an annual basis and usually require either a borrowing base formula or varying levels of substantial repayment of principal during the course of a year. Additionally, other commercial term loans are typically secured by owner occupied commercial real estate and/or machinery and equipment. To limit the risk within this portfolio, the loans are made across a diverse set of industry groups. The following pie chart shows the diversification of the commercial and industrial portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Select Statistics Regarding the Commercial and Industrial Portfolio (Dollars in thousands) Average loan size (excluding floor plan tranches) 410 Largest individual commercial and industrial loan outstanding 37,650 Commercial and industrial nonperforming loans/commercial and industrial loans 1.63 
 
 Consumer Loans The Bank s consumer portfolio consists of real estate loans comprised of residential mortgages and home equity loans and lines, all secured by one-to-four family residential properties, as well as other consumer loans. Residential mortgages are offered in amounts based on up to 97 of the lesser of the appraised value of the residential property securing the loan or the purchase price, and generally requires borrowers to obtain private mortgage insurance when the amount of the loan exceeds 80 of the value of the property. The Bank s residential real estate loans are generally originated under terms, conditions and documentation which permit sale in the secondary market. In order to protect the properties securing its residential and other real estate loans, the Bank requires title insurance protecting the priority of its mortgage lien, as well as fire, extended casualty, and flood insurance, when necessary. Independent appraisers assess properties securing all of the Bank s first mortgage real estate loans, as required by regulatory standards. Home equity loans and lines may be secured by a first or second mortgage on the borrower s residence, second home or residential investment properties. The Bank will typically originate home equity loans and lines in an amount up to 80 of the appraised value, hybrid valuation methods or automated valuation methods, reduced for any loans outstanding that are secured by such collateral. Other consumer loans primarily 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 consist of investment management secured lines of credit, installment loans and overdraft protection lines. The consumer real estate loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

Sources of Funds 
 
 The Bank's primary sources of funds are derived from deposits and to a lesser extent, borrowings as well as the amortization, prepayment, and maturities of loans and securities. 
 
 Deposits obtained through the Bank s branch banking network have traditionally been the principal source of the Bank s funds for use in lending and for other general business purposes. The Bank has built a stable base of in-market core deposits from consumers, businesses, and municipalities. The Bank offers a range of demand deposits, interest checking, money market accounts, savings accounts, and time certificates of deposit, including free checking accounts with no minimum balance and no monthly fees. Interest rates on deposits are based on factors that include loan demand, deposit maturities, alternative costs of funds, and interest rates offered by competing financial institutions in the Bank s market area. The Bank believes it has been able to attract and maintain satisfactory levels of deposits based on the level of service it provides to its customers, the convenience of its banking locations, its electronic banking options, and its interest rates, all of which are generally competitive with those of competing financial institutions. 
 
 Rockland Trust s 124 branch locations feature expanded use of video-tellers, and are supplemented by internet and mobile banking services as well as automated teller machine ("ATM") cards and debit cards which may be used to conduct various banking transactions at ATMs maintained at each of the Bank s full-service offices and 28 additional remote ATM locations. The ATM cards and debit cards also allow customers access to a variety of national and international ATM networks. The Bank's mobile banking services give customers the ability to use a variety of mobile devices to check balances, track account activity, pay bills, search transactions, and set up alerts for text or e-mail messages for changes in their account. Customers can also transfer funds between Rockland Trust accounts, deposit checks into their account, and identify the nearest branch or ATM directly from their mobile device. Rockland Trust also now offers person-to-person payment capabilities, allowing for simple and secure funds transfers between most banks and credit unions. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation 
 
 The following discussion sets forth certain material elements of the regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies and their subsidiaries and provides certain specific information relevant to the Company. To the extent that the following information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions. A change in applicable statutes, regulations or regulatory policy may have a material effect on the Company s business. The laws and regulations governing the Company and the Bank that are described in the following discussion generally have been promulgated to offer protection to customers, including depositors and borrowers and not for the purpose of protecting shareholders. 
 
 General The Company is registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHCA"), and as such is subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve"). Rockland Trust is subject to regulation and examination by the Commissioner of Banks of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the "Commissioner") and the FDIC. 
 
 The Bank Holding Company Act The BHCA prohibits the Company from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of 5 or more of any class of voting shares of any bank, or increasing such ownership or control of any bank, without prior approval of the Federal Reserve. The BHCA also prohibits the Company from, with certain exceptions, acquiring 5 or more of any class of voting shares of any company that is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than banking or managing or controlling banks. 
 
 Under the BHCA, the Federal Reserve is authorized to approve the ownership by the Company of shares in any company, the activities of which the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking or to managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. The Federal Reserve has, by regulation, determined that some activities are closely related to banking within the meaning of the BHCA. These activities include, but are not limited to, operating a mortgage company, finance company, credit card company, factoring company, trust company or savings association; performing data processing operations; providing some securities brokerage services; acting as an investment or financial adviser; acting as an insurance agent for types of credit-related insurance; engaging in insurance underwriting under limited circumstances; leasing personal property on a full-payout, nonoperating basis; providing tax planning and preparation services; operating a collection agency and a credit bureau; and providing consumer financial counseling and courier services. The Federal Reserve also has determined that other activities, including real estate brokerage and syndication, land development, property management and, except under limited circumstances, underwriting of life insurance not related to credit transactions, are not closely related to banking and are not a proper incident thereto. 
 
 Capital Requirements The Federal Reserve has established rules covering a capital framework for U.S. banking organizations, referred to herein as the "Rules". The FDIC has adopted substantially identical rules. 
 
 Under the Rules, the minimum capital ratios for the Company and the Bank are as follows: 
 
 4.5 Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") to risk-weighted assets. 
 6.0 Tier 1 capital (i.e., CET1 plus Additional Tier 1) to risk-weighted assets. 
 8.0 Total capital (i.e., Tier 1 plus Tier 2) to risk-weighted assets. 
 4.0 Tier 1 leverage capital ratio. 
 
 The Rules also require the Company and the Bank to maintain a "capital conservation buffer" in an amount greater than 2.5 , on top of the minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions that meet the minimum capital requirements of 4.5 , 6.0 and 8.0 for CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital, respectively, but fall below the capital conservation buffer, will face constraints on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers based on the amount of the shortfall. The capital conservation buffer effectively increases the minimum CET1 capital ratio to 7.0 , the minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio to 8.5 , and the minimum total risk-based capital ratio to 10.5 , for banking organizations seeking to avoid the limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The Company and the Bank maintain all capital ratios above the required capital conservation buffer of 2.5 . 
 
 The Rules provided for a number of complex deductions from and adjustments to CET1 and its various capital components. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, Federal banking agencies are required to take prompt corrective action if an insured depository institution fails to meet certain capital adequacy standards. The following table summarizes the minimum capital levels under the Rules: 
 Bank Holding Company Total Risk-Based Ratio Tier 1 Risk-Based Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Tier 1 Leverage Capital Ratio Total Risk-Based Ratio Tier 1 Risk-Based Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Tier 1 Leverage Capital Ratio Category Well capitalized > 10 
 and > 8 
 and > 6.5 
 > 5 
 n/a n/a > 6.5 
 n/a Adequately capitalized > 8 
 and > 6 
 and > 4.5 
 > 4 
 > 8 
 and > 6 
 and > 4.5 
 > 4 
 Undercapitalized 
 FDIC Deposit Insurance The Bank's deposit accounts are insured to the maximum extent permitted by law by the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the FDIC. The FDIC offers insurance coverage on deposits up to the federally insured limit of 250,000. 
 
 The Bank is currently assessed a deposit insurance charge from the FDIC based upon the Bank's overall assessment base multiplied by an assessment rate, determined in part from five established risk categories. The Bank's assessment base is defined as average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity, adjusted for the impact of the risk category factors. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") Pursuant to the CRA and similar provisions of Massachusetts law, regulatory authorities review the performance of the Company and the Bank in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the Bank. The applicable regulatory authorities consider compliance with this law in connection with applications for, among other things, approval of new branches, branch relocations, the engagement in certain additional financial activities under the GLBA, and acquisitions of banks and bank holding companies. The FDIC and the Massachusetts Division of Banks have assigned the Bank a CRA rating of "Outstanding"as of the latest examination. 
 
 Bank Secrecy Act The Bank Secrecy Act requires financial institutions to monitor account activity, keep records and file reports that are determined to have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax and regulatory matters, and to implement anti-money laundering programs and compliance procedures. 
 
 USA Patriot Act The Patriot Act strengthens U.S. law enforcement s and the intelligence communities abilities to work cohesively to combat terrorism on a variety of fronts. The impact of the Patriot Act on financial institutions of all kinds is significant and wide-ranging. The Patriot Act contains sweeping anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and imposes various regulations, including standards for verifying client identification at account opening, and rules to promote cooperation among financial institutions, regulators and law enforcement entities in identifying parties that may be involved in terrorism or money laundering. 
 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation ("OFAC") The U.S. Treasury Department s "OFAC" administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. The Company and the Bank are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 
 Regulation W Transactions between a bank and its "affiliates" are quantitatively and qualitatively restricted under the Federal Reserve Act. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act applies Sections 23A and 23B to insured nonmember banks in the same manner and to the same extent as if they were members of the Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve has also issued Regulation W, which codifies prior regulations under Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 interpretative guidance with respect to affiliate transactions. Regulation W incorporates the exemption from the affiliate transaction rules, but expands the exemption to cover the purchase of any type of loan or extension of credit from an affiliate. Affiliates of a bank include, among other entities, the bank s holding company and companies that are under common control with the bank. The Company is considered to be an affiliate of the Bank. In general, subject to certain specified exemptions, a bank and its subsidiaries are limited in their ability to engage in "covered transactions" with affiliates: 
 to an amount equal to 10 of the bank s capital and surplus, in the case of covered transactions with any one affiliate; and 
 to an amount equal to 20 of the bank s capital and surplus, in the case of covered transactions with all affiliates. 
 
 In addition, a bank and its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions and other specified transactions only on terms and under circumstances that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank or its subsidiary, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with nonaffiliated companies. A "covered transaction" includes: 
 a loan or extension of credit to an affiliate; 
 a purchase of, or an investment in, securities issued by an affiliate; 
 a purchase of assets from an affiliate, with some exceptions; 
 the acceptance of securities issued by an affiliate as collateral for a loan or extension of credit to any party; and 
 the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate. 
 
 In addition, under Regulation W: 
 a bank and its subsidiaries may not purchase a low-quality asset from an affiliate; 
 covered transactions and other specified transactions between a bank or its subsidiaries and an affiliate must be on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices; and 
 with some exceptions, each loan or extension of credit by a bank to an affiliate must be secured by collateral with a market value ranging from 100 to 130 , depending on the type of collateral, of the amount of the loan or extension of credit. 
 
 Regulation W generally excludes all nonbank and nonsavings association subsidiaries of banks from treatment as affiliates, except to the extent that the Federal Reserve decides to treat these subsidiaries as affiliates. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act During 2010, Congress enacted the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"). This significant law affects the lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating activities of financial institutions and their holding companies. 
 
 Key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act are as follows: 
 eliminated the federal prohibitions on paying interest on demand deposits, thus allowing businesses to have interest-bearing checking accounts. 
 broadened the base for FDIC insurance assessments. The Dodd-Frank Act also permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks, savings institutions and credit unions to 250,000 per depositor. 
 requires publicly traded companies to give stockholders a nonbinding vote on executive compensation and so-called "golden parachute" payments. The Company provides its shareholders with the opportunity to vote on executive compensation every year. 
 broadened the scope of derivative instruments, and the Company is subject to increased regulation of its derivative business, including record-keeping, reporting requirements, and heightened supervision. 
 created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") with broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. As the Bank has now surpassed the 10 billion in assets threshold, it now is also subject to CFPB regulatory supervision and enforcement. While it will continue to be examined for compliance with consumer protection regulations by both the FDIC and the Massachusetts Division of Banks ("DOB"), it will now also be similarly monitored and assessed by the CFPB. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 debit card and interchange fees must be reasonable and proportional to the issuer s cost for processing the transaction. 
 
 Under the Durbin Amendment contained in the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve adopted rules that apply to banks with more than 10 billion in assets, which establish a maximum permissible interchange fee equal to no more than 21 cents plus 5 basis points of the transaction value for many types of debit interchange transactions. The Federal Reserve also adopted a rule to allow a debit card issuer to recover 1 cent per transaction for fraud prevention purposes if the issuer complies with certain fraud-related requirements required by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve also has rules governing routing and exclusivity that require issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit or prepaid product. 
 
 In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act ("EGRRCPA") was signed into law, making certain limited amendments to the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as certain targeted modifications to other post-financial crisis regulations. While the EGRRCPA eased some regulatory obligations imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act, including the requirement to conduct stress testing, it had minimal impact on the Company s operations. 
 
 Incentive Compensation The Dodd-Frank Act required the federal bank regulatory agencies and the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") to establish joint regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities, with at least 1 billion in total assets such as the Company and the Bank, that encourage inappropriate risks by providing an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits or that could lead to material financial loss to the entity. 
 
 In June 2010, the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. These three principles are incorporated into the proposed joint compensation regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 The Federal Reserve reviews, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as the Company, that are not "large, complex banking organizations." These reviews are tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. 
 
 Volcker Rule The Volcker Rule prohibits an insured depository institution and its affiliates from: (i) engaging in "proprietary trading" and (ii) investing in or sponsoring certain types of investment funds (defined as "Covered Funds"). The rule also effectively prohibits short-term trading strategies and prohibits the use of some hedging strategies. The Company has no investments that met the definition of Covered Funds under the foregoing rules. 
 
 Collins Amendment The Collins Amendment includes provisions which are intended to subject bank holding companies to the same capital requirements as bank subsidiaries and to eliminate, or significantly reduce, the use of hybrid capital instruments, especially trust preferred securities, as regulatory capital. Accordingly, under the Collins Amendment, trust preferred securities are generally excluded from regulatory capital; however, bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 15 billion as of December 31, 2009 have been able to include these instruments in Tier 1 capital, but no such securities issued after the Collins Amendment was put in place in 2010 are permitted to be included in regulatory capital. Additionally, if any bank holding company exceeds the 15 billion threshold as a result of an acquisition, subsequent to December 31, 2016, then these hybrid capital instruments are phased out of Tier 1 capital and generally included within Tier 2 capital, prospectively. 
 
 Consumer Protection Regulations As a financial institution with more than 10 billion in assets, the Bank is supervised by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB for consumer protection purposes. The CFPB s regulation of the Bank is focused on risks to consumers and compliance with the federal consumer financial laws and includes regular examinations of the Bank. The CFPB, along with the Department of Justice and bank regulatory authorities, also seeks to enforce discriminatory lending laws. In such actions, the CFPB and others have used a disparate impact analysis, which measures discriminatory results without regard to intent. Consequently, unintentional actions by the Bank could have a material adverse impact on our lending and results of operations if the actions are found to be discriminatory by our regulators. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank is subject to federal consumer protection statutes and regulations promulgated under those laws, including, but not limited to the following: 
 
 Truth-In-Lending Act and Regulation Z, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and Regulation C, requiring financial institutions to provide certain information about home mortgage and refinanced loans; 
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, sex, or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 
 Fair Credit Reporting Act and Regulation V, governing the provision of consumer information to credit reporting agencies and the use of consumer information; and 
 Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies. 
 
 The Bank s deposit operations are also subject to the following federal statutes and regulations, among others: 
 
 The Truth in Savings Act and Regulation DD, which requires disclosure of deposit terms to consumers; 
 Regulation CC, which relates to the availability of deposit funds to consumers; 
 The Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain the confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; and 
 Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E, governing electronic deposits to, and withdrawals from, deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. 
 
 The CFPB examines the Bank's compliance with such laws and the regulations under them. 
 
 Regulation E Federal Reserve Regulation E governs electronic fund transfers and provides a basic framework that establishes the rights, liabilities, and responsibilities of participants in electronic fund transfer systems such as automated teller machine transfers, telephone bill-payment services, point-of-sale terminal transfers in stores, and preauthorized transfers from or to a consumer s account (such as direct deposit and social security payments). The term "electronic fund transfer" generally refers to a transaction initiated through an electronic terminal, telephone, computer, or magnetic tape that instructs a financial institution either to credit or to debit a consumer s asset account. Regulation E describes the disclosures that financial institutions are required to make to consumers who engage in electronic fund transfers and generally limits a consumer s liability for unauthorized electronic fund transfers, such as those arising from loss or theft of an access device, to 50 for consumers who notify their bank in a timely manner. 

Human Capital 
 
 At Rockland Trust, Where Each Relationship Matters , management is fully committed to creating a respectful and inclusive environment where everyone is given the chance to succeed. 
 
 Rockland Trust has been named one of the Boston Globe s Top Places to Work for 14 years running and has continued to be the top rated Bank in its size category since 2015. In addition to the Globe's ranking, Rockland Trust has been recognized as a "Best Place to Work" for LGBTQ Equality, scoring 100 on the Human Rights Campaign s Corporate Equality Index since 2016. 
 
 Demographic s As of December 31, 2022, Rockland Trust employed 1,739 total colleagues, 719 of whom are officers of the Bank. The Company's largest business units, in terms of total headcount, include Retail, Commercial, and Operations employing 43.5 , 16.3 and 7.3 of colleagues, respectively. Other business units include Audit, Executive, Executive Administration, Finance, Human Resources, Investment Management Group, Information Technology, Marketing, Mortgage, and Risk. Rockland Trust s average full time equivalent was 1,666, as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 As depicted in the graph below, the workforce is comprised of colleagues of the following generations: 

Colleague Engagement Rockland Trust is committed to a culture of inclusion, respect, teamwork, and employee engagement. Colleagues are provided with competitive compensation, a comprehensive benefits package and an environment that supports a healthy work-life balance. 
 
 Benefits include Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Long-Term Disability Insurance, Life Insurance, 401(k) Voluntary Savings Plan, Additional Defined Contribution Retirement Savings Plan, Paid Time Off, Illness/Personal Time, Paid Parental Leave, Childcare Assistance, Wellness Program RockFit, AFLAC, Pet Insurance, and more. 
 
 Colleagues are also offered a full suite of learning and development programs designed to support professional growth and career advancement. Formal colleague development programs include the Rising Stars Development Program (for entry-level colleague career advancement), Commercial Lender Development Program, and the Management Development Program. Colleagues are also invited to participate in the Company's Online Learning Platform and in-house training opportunities. Many of the Company's training and development programs are built on Gestalt-based leadership principles, developed by the Gestalt International Study Center. Rockland Trust also offers Tuition Reimbursement through Cambridge College Global and other colleges and universities. In addition, the Company also offers a robust summer internship program, typically hiring 10-15 summer interns across the Bank each year. 
 
 Rockland Trust encourages colleagues to continually seek ways to learn and grow. The Company's Performance Management and Feedback System allows managers to formally recognize colleagues achievements and identify goals and areas for improvement. In addition to this annual feedback, colleagues are also periodically spotlighted in many other ways. Colleagues are encouraged to recognize each other's excellent internal and external customer service through a peer recognition, You Make a Difference award, and managers are also provided the opportunity to recognize colleagues privately, through Kudos . In order to celebrate the academic achievements of colleagues, an annual recognition luncheon is hosted by the Company's Chief Executive Officer when they receive a degree or certification. The Company recognizes colleagues that find ways to make work easier and more efficient with our "Transforming Organizational Process" award. Colleagues are also recognized for extraordinary efforts through annual Shining Star awards and other awards at the annual all employee meeting. 
 
 Community Outreach In 2022, the affiliated charitable foundations of Rockland Trust, including Rockland Trust Charitable Foundation Inc., Rockland Trust Blue Hills Charitable Foundation, and Rockland Trust-East Boston Savings Bank Charitable Foundation Inc. (collectively, the "Foundations") donated over 1.9 million to 318 nonprofit organizations throughout the Company s footprint. In total, the Bank and these affiliated Foundations gave over 3.2 million to 761 local nonprofit and community organizations. 
 
 Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion At Rockland Trust, management believes each relationship matters, and that statement goes far beyond the Company's customers. Rockland Trust has an inclusive workforce that enables the 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Company to better perform for its customers and the diverse communities in which it operates. There has been an established diversity and inclusion program for over 17 years, which continues to grow and evolve. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 64 of the Company's workforce was comprised of women and approximately 21 was comprised of professionals of color. 
 
 Rockland Trust works to ensure colleagues have an opportunity to be heard, valued and engaged. Rockland Trust offers three Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs"): Inclusion Network, Women of Action, and Pride Alliance. These voluntary, employee-led groups join together to provide opportunities for colleagues to get involved in making the Company's workforce and communities more inclusive and equitable. 
 
 In addition to the efforts described above, there are many other ways the Company promotes diversity and inclusion among its workforce. In 2004, the Company formed a Diversity and Inclusion Council, which is comprised of Executive and Senior Leaders from all business units, with a purpose to develop strategic priorities through collaboration with the ERGs and business units to execute these priorities. Rockland Trust also partners with diverse organizations to support diverse recruitment efforts and provide professional development opportunities for professionals of color. For example, each year Rockland Trust invites colleagues to participate in The Partnership, a third-party organization that offers leadership development programs for racially and ethnically diverse professionals throughout New England. In 2022, seven colleagues participated in The Partnership. Since 2008, more than 30 professionals of color have taken part in this offering and many have received promotions into higher responsibility roles. 
 
 The Company launched a specialized development program, Strategies and Tactics for Emerging Professionals, in April 2021 to address the factors that can help advance the careers of professionals of color. Since the conclusion of the first cohort, 63 of participants have been promoted, many more than once, and one participant has been promoted to an officer-level role. Future cohorts will be launched and the Company looks forward to the continued success and development of participants in this program. 

Available Information 
 
 Under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Company files periodic and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information with the SEC. These filings can be accessed on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Additionally, the Company s SEC filings, including its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, amendments to these reports, and additional shareholder information are available free of charge on the Company s website: www.RocklandTrust.com (within the Investor Relations section) as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to the SEC. The Company s Code of Ethics and other Corporate Governance documents are also available free of charge on the Company s website in the Investor Relations section. Information contained on the Company s website and the SEC website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. (The Company has included its web address and the SEC website address only as inactive textual references and does not intend them to be active links to the Company's website or the SEC website.) 
 17 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic and Resulting Economic Conditions 
 
 The economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to adversely affect the Company and its customers, counterparties, employees, and third-party service providers, and the full extent of the adverse impacts on the Company's business, financial position, results of operations, and prospects are unknown and could be significant. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in widespread volatility and deterioration in business, economic, and market conditions and household incomes, including in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts where the Company conducts nearly all of its business, and has led to disruptions in global supply chains, inflationary pressures, increased unemployment levels and a slowdown in economic activity. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic deterioration on the Company's capital and liquidity, and on its business, results of operations, financial position and prospects generally will depend on a number of evolving factors, including: 
 
 The effect on the Company's customers, counterparties, employees, and third-party service providers. COVID-19 and its associated consequences and uncertainties, including recent inflationary pressures, the labor market shortage, unemployment rates and supply chain disruptions, are affecting individuals, households, and businesses differently and unevenly. Many have changed their behavior in response to these pressures and have limited their discretionary spending. As a result, the Company's credit, operational, and other risks have generally increased and, for the foreseeable future, may remain elevated or increase further. 
 
 The effect on economies and markets. National, regional, and local economies (including the local economies in the markets areas which the Company serves) and markets have suffered disruptions due to inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions and market volatility, and these disruptions could be long lasting. Governmental actions are meaningfully influencing the interest-rate environment and financial-market activity, which could adversely affect the Company's results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The duration, extent, and severity of the economic effects of the pandemic and the pace of recovery. There remains substantial uncertainty surrounding the pace of economic recovery and the return of business and consumer confidence. 
 
 Measures taken in 2020 and 2021 to partially mitigate the adverse effects of their containment measures, including the Coronavirus, Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act"), the American Rescue Plan Act, also referred to as the COVID-19 Stimulus Package, and Federal Reserve actions to reduce the target range for the federal funds rate, and to purchase Treasury securities and agency mortgage-backed securities, have been eliminated or reduced. In 2022, in an effort to arrest inflation, the Federal Reserve began raising interest rates, ceased U.S. Treasury securities purchases and began to reduce its holdings of these securities, and these actions may continue in 2023. 
 
 Additional factors relate to the Company's high concentration of commercial real estate loans. The payment on these loans that are secured by income producing properties are typically dependent on the successful operation of the related real estate property and may subject the Company to risks from adverse conditions in the real estate market or the general economy, including decreases in collateral values associated with existing loans and the ability to liquidate the real estate collateral securing commercial real estate loans, or the acceleration in macroeconomic trends such as increased remote work arrangements and online shopping. Such trends could ultimately result in a shrinkage of the commercial real estate market to the extent that there is a reduced need for office and retail space as a result of changed operating preferences, which could materially impact the Company s results of operations and financial condition and possibly the Company s long-term business strategy because commercial real estate loans are the Company s largest loan category. 
 
 The Company is unable to estimate the near-term and ultimate effects of the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's business and operations at this time. The pandemic and the resulting economic effects could cause the Company to experience higher credit losses in its lending portfolio, additional increases in the allowance for credit losses, impairment of goodwill and other financial assets, diminished access to capital markets and other funding sources, further reduced demand for the Company's products and services, and other negative impacts on the Company's financial position, results of operations, and prospects. In addition, while the Company continues to anticipate that its capital and liquidity positions will be sufficient, sustained adverse effects may impair these positions, prevent the Company from satisfying its minimum regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory requirements, and result in downgrades in its credit ratings. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 COVID-19 and the volatile economic conditions stemming from it, or any future outbreak of a COVID-19 variant that results in widespread control measures, could also precipitate or contribute to the other risk factors identified in this Report, which in turn could materially adversely affect the Company's business, financial position, results of operations, prospects , and its stock price, and may also affect the Company's business in a manner that is not presently known to it or that the Company currently does not consider to present significant risks to its business, financial position, results of operations or prospects . 
 
 Risks Related to Changes in Interest Rates 
 
 Changes in interest rates and other factors could adversely impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Company s ability to make a profit, like that of most financial institutions, substantially depends upon its net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and the interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. However, certain assets and liabilities may react differently to changes in market interest rates. Further, interest rates on some types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate prior to changes in broader market interest rates, while rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag behind. Any substantial, unexpected, or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Factors such as inflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, global disorder, instability in domestic and foreign financial markets, political uncertainty, and other factors beyond the Company s control, may affect interest rates. Changes in market interest rates also affect the level of voluntary prepayments on loans and the receipt of payments on mortgage-backed securities, which can impact the expected timing of receipt of proceeds. Particularly in a decreasing interest rate environment, prepayments may result in proceeds having to be reinvested at a lower rate than the loan or mortgage-backed security being prepaid. Conversely, in a period of rising interest rates such as the current interest rate environment, the interest income earned on the Company s assets may not increase as rapidly as the interest that the Company pays on its liabilities. Additionally, increases in interest rates may decrease loan demand or make it more difficult for borrowers to repay variable rate loans. 
 
 Potential sovereign debt defaults, actions that the U.S. government may take to avoid exceeding the debt ceiling, or uncertainties surrounding the debt ceiling and the federal budget may severely impact global and domestic economies and may lead to significantly tighter liquidity and impact the availability of credit. Economic growth may continue to slow down and the national or global economy may experience additional downturns, including recessionary periods. Market disruption, including potential disruption resulting from inflation and global supply chain interruption, government and central bank policy actions designed to counteract the effects of recession, changes in investor expectations regarding compensation for market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk and changing economic data could impact both the volatility and magnitude of the directional movements of interest rates. Although the Company pursues an asset/liability management strategy designed to manage its risk arising from changes in interest rates, the Company's strategy may not be fully effective, or may be effective in part, and changes in market interest rates can have a material adverse effect on the Company s profitability. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company's Lending Activities 
 
 If the Company experiences credit losses at a level higher than anticipated in the Company's models, its earnings could materially decrease. The Company s loan customers may not repay loans according to their terms, and the collateral securing the payment of loans may be insufficient to assure repayment or cover losses. If loan customers fail to repay loans according to the terms of the loans, the Company may experience significant credit losses that could have a material adverse effect on its operating results and capital ratios. The Company makes various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of its loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of borrowers, the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of loans, and the enforce ability of its loan documents. In determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses, the Company, in addition to assessing the collectability of its loan portfolio, relies on experience and evaluation of economic conditions. If the assumptions underlying the determination of its allowance for credit losses prove to be incorrect, the current allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in the Company's loan portfolio and an adjustment may be necessary to allow for different economic conditions or adverse developments in its loan portfolio. A problem with one or more loans could require the Company to significantly increase the level of its allowance for credit losses. In addition, federal and state regulators periodically review the Company s allowance for credit losses and may require it to increase its allowance for credit losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Material additions to the allowance would materially decrease the Company s net income and would have an adverse effect on the Company's results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 A significant amount of the Company s loans are concentrated in the Bank s geographic footprint and adverse conditions in this geographic footprint could negatively impact its results of operations. Substantially all of the loans the Company originates are secured by properties located in, or are made to businesses that operate in, Massachusetts and, to a 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 lesser extent, Rhode Island. Because of the current concentration of the Company s loan origination activities in its geographic footprint, in the event of adverse economic conditions impacting the region (including, but not limited to, increased unemployment, downward pressure on the value of residential or commercial real estate, or political or business developments that may affect the ability of property owners and businesses to make payments of principal and interest on the underlying loans in the Bank s geographic footprint), the Company would likely experience higher rates of loss and delinquency on its loans than if its loan portfolio were more geographically diversified, which could have an adverse effect on the Company's results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 A significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and events that negatively impact the real estate market could adversely affect the Company s asset quality and the profitability of loans secured by real property and increase the number of defaults and the level of losses within the Company s loan portfolio. The real estate collateral securing the Company's loans provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower. Should real estate values deteriorate during the time the credit is extended, the Company is potentially exposed to greater losses. A downturn in the real estate market in the Company s primary market areas could result in an increase in the number of borrowers who default on loans and a reduction in the value of the collateral securing loans, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Company s profitability and asset quality. Further, if the Company is required to liquidate collateral securing a loan to satisfy the related debt during a period of reduced real estate values, the Company may experience higher credit losses than expected and its earnings and shareholders equity could be adversely affected. Any declines in real estate prices in the Company s primary markets may also result in increases in delinquencies and losses in its loan portfolios. Unanticipated decreases in real estate prices coupled with events, such as a prolonged economic downturn and elevated levels of unemployment could drive credit losses beyond the level provided for in the Company s allowance for credit losses. If this occurs, the Company s earnings could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company's emphasis on originating commercial loans may increase lending risks. At December 31, 2022, 77.3 of the Company's loan portfolio consisted of commercial loans. The Company's commercial loan portfolio includes commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, commercial constructions, and small business banking loans. Commercial and industrial loans may expose the Company to additional risks since their underwriting is typically based on the borrower's ability to make repayments from the cash flow of its business and are secured by non-real estate collateral that may depreciate over time. Commercial real estate loans and small business loans generally expose the Company to greater risk of non-payment and loss than residential mortgage loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of the property and the continuity of tenant rental payments. Commercial real estate loans also typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to residential mortgage loans. Commercial construction loans are generally considered to involve a higher degree of credit risk than long-term financing on owner-occupied residential real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property's value at completion of construction as compared to estimated costs. Changes in economic conditions that are out of the control of the borrower and lender could impact the value of the future cash flow and value of the involved property that serves as loan collateral. Additionally, some commercial borrowers may have more than one outstanding loan with the Company and, as a result, an adverse development with respect to a commercial credit relationship may expose the Company to greater risk of loss as compared to an adverse development associated with a consumer loan borrower. 
 
 The Company may experience losses and expenses if security interests granted for loans are not enforceable. When the Bank makes loans, it sometimes obtains liens, such as real estate mortgages or other asset pledges, to provide the Bank with a security interest in collateral. If there is a loan default the Bank may seek to foreclose upon collateral and enforce the security interests to obtain repayment and eliminate or mitigate the Company's loss. Drafting errors, recording errors, other defects or imperfections in the security interests granted to the Bank and/or changes in law may render liens granted to the Bank unenforceable. The Company may incur losses or expenses if security interests granted to the Bank are not enforceable. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Policy Matters 
 
 The Company operates in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely impacted by changes in industry practices, laws, regulations, and accounting standards. Any change in the industry practices, laws, regulations or accounting standards and failure by the Company to comply with such changes, or a change in regulators supervisory policies or examination procedures, whether by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve, other state or federal regulators, the U.S. Congress, or the Massachusetts legislature could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, aspects of current or proposed regulatory or legislative changes to laws applicable in the financial services industry, including the adoption of new rules or more aggressive examination and enforcement by the Company s regulators over its overdraft protection practices, have led certain banking organizations to modify their overdraft protection programs, including the imposition of overdraft transaction fees. These competitive pressures from the Company s peers could cause the Company to modify its program and practices in ways that 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 may negatively impact the profitability of the Company s business activities and expose it to increased business and compliance costs, which, in turn could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The costs of compliance with fair lending laws or negative outcomes with respect to challenges of the Company s compliance with such laws, inclusive of laws impacting banks exceeding 10 billion in total assets, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations or could damage the Company s reputation. The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose non-discriminatory lending and other requirements on financial institutions. The U.S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies, including the FDIC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA and other fair lending laws and regulations could result in, among other sanctions, the required payment of damages and civil monetary penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on acquisitions and restrictions on expansion. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. The costs of defending, and any adverse outcome from, any challenge with respect to our compliance with fair lending laws could damage our reputation or could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The impact of changes to the Internal Revenue Code or federal, state or local taxes may adversely affect the Company s financial results or business. The Company is subject to changes in tax law which could impact the Company's effective tax rate. Tax law changes may or may not be retroactive to previous periods and could negatively affect the current and future financial performance of the Company. Changes in enacted tax rates are recognized when promulgated and therefore could have a material impact on the Company's results. 
 
 Changes to and replacement of the LIBOR Benchmark Interest Rate may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, or results of operations. After December 31, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (the IBA ), the administrator of LIBOR, ceased publishing one-week and two-month USD LIBOR, in addition to certain other non-USD tenors. The IBA expects to continue to publish all remaining USD LIBOR tenors through June 30, 2023, with the overnight and 12-month tenors ceasing immediately thereafter and the one-month, three-month and six-month tenors becoming non-representative from that date. In the United States, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the Federal Reserve has recommended the use of a Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR ), which is a backward looking secured rate as opposed to a forward looking unsecured rate, as a replacement for LIBOR, and the Company has selected SOFR as its preferred replacement index rate. The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR Act), which was signed into law on March 15, 2022, provides that a LIBOR-based benchmark in any contract that contains no or inadequate fallback provisions will be automatically replaced, once LIBOR ceases to be published, by a benchmark replacement selected by the Federal Reserve. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule implementing the LIBOR Act that, among other things, identifies the applicable SOFR-based benchmark replacements under the LIBOR Act. For derivative contracts, International Swap Dealers Association ("ISDA") has developed fallback language for swap agreements and established a protocol to allow counterparties to modify legacy trades to include the new fallback language. 
 
 The Company has established a working group to guide its transition from LIBOR. The Company ceased originating any LIBOR-based products as of December 31, 2021 and all contracts executed subsequent to December 31, 2021 will be written with SOFR-based terms. The working group has identified all LIBOR-related loan contracts and determined which will require amended language to incorporate the alternative reference rate, and the Company has executed agreements with the majority of its customers to adopt the fallback language protocol. 
 
 Although the Company has incorporated LIBOR replacement language in many of its governing documents, the Company will continue to have a significant number of loans, derivative contracts, borrowings and other financial instruments with attributes that are directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR. The transition from LIBOR could create considerable costs and additional risk for the Company. As SOFR is calculated differently from LIBOR, payments under contracts referencing SOFR-based rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR. The transition could change the Company s market risk profiles, requiring changes to risk and pricing models, valuation tools, product design and hedging strategies. Further, the Company s failure to adequately manage the transition process with its customers could impact its reputation. Although the Company is currently unable to assess what the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR will be, any market-wide transition away from LIBOR could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Claims and litigation could result in losses and damage to the Company s reputation. From time to time as part of the Company s normal course of business, customers, bankruptcy trustees, former customers, contractual counterparties, third parties and former employees make claims and take legal action against the Company based on its actions or inactions. If such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to the Company, they may result in financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of the Company and its products and services. This may also impact customer demand 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 for the Company s products and services. Any financial liability or reputational damage could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in U.S. trade policies and other global political factors beyond the Company s control, including the imposition of tariffs, retaliatory tariffs, or other sanctions, may adversely impact the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. There have been, and may be in the future, changes and discussions with respect to U.S. and international trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs, embargoes, sanctions and other trade restrictions. Tariffs, retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions on products and materials that customers import or export, or a trade war or other related governmental actions related to tariffs, international trade agreements or policies or other trade restrictions have the potential to negatively impact the Company's and/or the Bank's customers' costs, demand for the Bank's customers' products, and/or the U.S. economy or certain sectors thereof and, thus, could adversely impact the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, to the extent changes in the global political environment, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, have had and may continue to have a negative impact on the Company or on the markets in which the Company operates, business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted in the future. 
 
 The Company may not be able to detect money laundering and other illegal or improper activities fully or on a timely basis, which could expose it to additional liability and could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company is required to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism and other laws and regulations in the United States. These laws and regulations require the Company, among other things, to adopt and enforce "know-your-customer" policies and procedures and to report suspicious and large transactions to applicable regulatory authorities. These laws and regulations have become increasingly complex and detailed, require improved systems and sophisticated monitoring and compliance personnel and have become the subject of enhanced government supervision. 
 
 The policies and procedures the Company has adopted for the purposes detecting and preventing the use of its banking network for money laundering and related activities may not completely eliminate instances in which the Company may be used by customers to engage in money laundering and other illegal or improper activities. To the extent the Company fails to fully comply with applicable laws and regulations, banking agencies have the authority to impose fines and other penalties on the Company. In addition, the Company s business and reputation could suffer if customers use its banking network for money laundering or illegal or improper purposes. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company's Strategic Activities 
 
 Part of the Company s business strategy is growth through acquisitions, and the failure to execute effectively on acquisitions could have an impact on the Company's earnings and results of operations. While focusing on organic growth, the Company's strategy also includes, in part, growth through acquisitions. The Company may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, or complete acquisitions. Further, the success of any acquisition depends on the ability to effectively integrate the acquired business, including integrating operations and achieving synergies and cost efficiencies. Acquisitions can be disruptive as they result in diversion of management's attention from other business activities and can consume significant executive and employee resources as the Company integrates the target's operations and functional business into its operations and business. The Company may experience complications or delays while integrating. In addition, once integrated, acquired businesses may not achieve levels of expected profitability or profitability comparable to those achieved by the Company s existing operations, or otherwise may not perform as expected. Further acquisitions involve numerous risks, including lower than expected performance or higher than expected costs, potential dilution of stockholder value, changes in relationships with customers, and the potential loss of key employees. In addition, the Company may not be successful in mitigating deposit erosion or loan quality deterioration at acquired institutions. Competition for acquisitions can be highly competitive, and the Company may not be able to acquire other institutions on acceptable terms. The ability to grow may be limited if the Company is unable to successfully make acquisitions in the future. 
 
 The Company's ability to make opportunistic acquisitions is contingent on regulators granting any requisite approvals. Part of the Company's business strategy includes seeking to make opportunistic whole or partial acquisitions of other banks, branches, financial institutions, or related businesses from time to time. Any possible acquisition may be subject to regulatory approval, and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain any such approval in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The Company may not realize the value of strategic investments and strategic initiatives that it pursues and such investments and initiatives could divert resources or introduce unforeseen risks to the Company s business. The Company may execute strategic initiatives or make other strategic investments in businesses, products, technologies or platforms to enhance or grow its business. These strategic initiatives and investments may introduce new costs or liabilities which could impact the Company s ability to grow or maintain acceptable performance. The Company may be unable to integrate systems, personnel or technologies from its strategic investments and initiatives. Strategic investments and initiatives may also present unforeseen legal, regulatory or other challenges that the Company may not be able to manage effectively. The planning and integration of a strategic investment or initiative may shift employee time and other resources which could impair the Company s ability to focus on our core business. New strategic investments and strategic initiatives may not perform as expected due to lack of acceptance by customers or employees, higher than forecasted costs or losses, lengthy transition periods, synergies or savings not being realized and a variety of other factors. This may result in a delay or unrealized benefit, or in some cases, increased costs or other unforeseen risks to the Company s business. 
 
 Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters 
 
 The Company s securities portfolio performance in difficult market conditions could have adverse effects on the Company s results of operations. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"), the Company measures expected credit losses on its securities portfolios in accordance with the CECL methodology, taking into consideration current market conditions, the extent and nature of changes in fair value, issuer rating changes and trends, volatility of earnings, current analysts evaluations, the Company s ability and intent to hold investments until a recovery of amortized cost, as well as other factors. Adverse developments with respect to one or more of these factors could require the Company to recognize an allowance for credit losses, with the credit related portion of the reduction in the value required to be recognized as a charge to the Company s earnings. Market volatility can make it extremely challenging to accurately value certain securities the Company holds. Subsequent periodic valuations of securities, taking into consideration then prevailing factors, may result in changes to valuations. Significant negative changes to valuations could result in the recognition of an allowance for credit losses within the Company s securities portfolio, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial conditions. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on the Company's results of operations. Goodwill arises when the Company acquires a business for an amount greater than the net fair value of the assets of the acquired business. The Bank has recognized goodwill as an asset on the balance sheet in connection with several acquisitions. Goodwill is an intangible asset. When an intangible asset is determined to have an indefinite useful life, it is not amortized, and instead is evaluated for impairment. The Company conducts goodwill impairment tests annually, or more frequently if necessary. The Company evaluates goodwill using a combined qualitative and quantitative impairment approach. A significant and sustained decline in the Company s stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in the Company s expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower growth rates or other factors could result in a finding of impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. If the Company were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then the Company would record the appropriate charge to earnings, which could have material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Deterioration in the performance or financial position of the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") of Boston might restrict the FHLB of Boston s ability to meet the funding needs of its members, cause a suspension of its dividend, and cause its stock to be determined to be impaired. When necessary, components of the Bank s liquidity needs are met through its access to funding pursuant to its membership in the FHLB of Boston. The FHLB of Boston is a cooperative that provides services to its member banking institutions. The primary reason for joining the FHLB of Boston is to obtain funding. The purchase of stock in the FHLB of Boston is a requirement for a member to gain access to funding. Any deterioration in the FHLB of Boston s performance or financial condition may affect the Company s ability to access funding and/or require the Company to deem the required investment in FHLB of Boston stock to be impaired. If the Company is not able to access funding, it may not be able to meet its liquidity needs, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations or financial condition. Similarly, if the Company deems all or part of its investment in FHLB of Boston stock impaired, such action could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Reductions in the value of the Company s deferred tax assets could adversely affect the Company's results of operations. A deferred tax asset is created by the tax effect of the differences between an asset s book value and its tax basis. The Company assesses the deferred tax assets periodically to determine the likelihood of the Company s ability to realize the benefits. These assessments consider the performance of the associated business and its ability to generate future taxable income. If the information available to the Company at the time of assessment indicates there is a greater than 50 chance that the Company will not realize the deferred tax asset benefit, the Company is required to establish a valuation allowance for the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 deferred tax asset and reduce its future deferred tax assets to the amount the Company believes could be realized. Recording such a valuation allowance could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, the deferred tax assets are determined using effective tax rates expected to apply to the Company's taxable income in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Accordingly, a change in statutory tax rates may result in a decrease or increase to the Company s deferred tax assets. A decrease in the Company's deferred tax assets could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Some of the Company's accounting policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the value of the Company's assets and liabilities and results of operations and if actual events differ from the Company's estimates and assumptions, the Company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Certain accounting policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of the Company s assets and liabilities and results of operations. The Company identified the accounting policies regarding the allowance for credit losses, security valuations and allowance for credit losses, business combinations, and income taxes to be critical because these policies require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments, estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. Under each of these policies, it is possible that materially different values and results of operations would be reported under different conditions, different judgments, or different estimates or assumptions. Further, as new information becomes available, the Company may make a determination to refine or change its judgments, estimates and assumptions, any of which could materially adversely affect the value of the Company's assets and liabilities or its results of operations. 
 
 From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change applicable guidance governing the form and content of the Company s financial statements. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret GAAP, such as the FASB, SEC, and banking regulators, may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. Such changes are expected to continue, and may accelerate. Changes in GAAP and current interpretations are beyond the Company s control, can be hard to predict and could materially impact how the Company reports its financial results and condition. In certain cases, the Company could be required to apply new or revised guidance retroactively or apply existing guidance differently (also retroactively), which may result in the Company restating prior period financial statements for material amounts. Additionally, significant changes to GAAP may require costly technology changes, additional training and personnel, and other expenses that could materially adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 
 
 Changes in debt and equity markets or economic downturns could affect the level of assets under administration and the demand for other fee-based services. Economic downturns could affect the volume of income earned from and demand for fee-based services. Revenues from the investment management business depend in large part on the level of assets under administration. Market volatility that results in customers liquidating investments, as well as lower asset values, can reduce the level of assets under administration and decrease the Company's investment management revenues, which could materially adversely affect the Company's results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Information Security and Technology 
 
 The need to mitigate against and react to cyber-security risks, and electronic fraud risks require significant resources, and system failure, a cyber-security attack or electronic fraud could subject the Company to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other liabilities. The risk of electronic fraudulent activity within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector, due to cyber-attacks (crime committed through or involving the internet, such as phishing, hacking, denial of service attacks, stealing information, unauthorized intrusions into internal systems or the systems of the Company's third-party vendors) could adversely impact the Company s operations or damage its reputation. The Company's information technology infrastructure and systems may be vulnerable to cyber-terrorism, computer viruses, damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event, system failures and other intentional or unintentional interference, fraud and other unauthorized attempts to access or interfere with the systems. 
 
 Information security risks have increased because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. Many financial institutions and service providers to financial institutions have reported significant breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, denial-of-service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other means. The Company frequently experiences attempted cyber-security attacks against its systems, and expects such attacks will continue, and may intensify, in the future. Although to date the Company has not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer losses in the future. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The Company expects risk exposure to cyber-attacks will remain elevated or increase in the future due to, among other things, the increasing size and prominence of the Company in the financial services industry, its expansion of Internet and mobile banking tools and products based on customer needs, and its increasing use of operational software hosted on the Internet as more and more software solutions used in the Company s operations migrate from solutions hosted within the Company s firewalls to internet-hosted solutions at third-party locations. 
 
 To help manage the Company s cyber-risks, when entering a new vendor relationship, the Company reviews and assesses the cyber-security risk of third-party service providers. A successful cyber-security attack on one of the Company s third-party service providers could disrupt operations, adversely affect the Company s business, or result in the disclosure or misuse of the Company s confidential information, including customer confidential information. There can be no assurance that the precautions the Company takes to seek to manage cyber risk related to third-party service providers will be effective or prevent a cyber-attack that could expose the Company to significant operational costs and damages or reputational harm. Although the Company maintains an insurance policy that it believes provides sufficient coverage at a manageable expense for an institution of the Company s size and scope with similar technological systems, there can be no assurance that this policy will afford coverage for all possible losses or would be adequate to cover all financial losses, damages, penalties, including lost revenues, should the Company experience any system failure or cyber-attack in one or more Company or third-party systems. 
 
 The Company s risk-based technology and systems or the personnel who monitor such technology and systems may not identify and prevent or effectively mitigate successful cyber-attacks when they occur. Significant operational costs and damages or reputational harm may occur if the Company fails to identify and prevent or effectively mitigate, or there is a delay in identifying, a cyber-attack on its systems, or those of its third-party service providers. Any breach, damage or failure that causes an interruption in operations could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations due to the time and money needed to correct the issue. Computer break-ins, phishing and other disruptions could also jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through Company computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in litigation or significant liability to the Company and may cause existing and potential customers to refrain from doing business with the Company. Finally, depending on the type of incident, banking regulators may impose restrictions on the Company s business and consumer laws may require reimbursement of customer losses. 
 
 The Company continually encounters technological change. The failure to understand and adapt to these changes could negatively impact the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. Financial services industries continually experience rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. An effective use of technology can increase efficiency, enable financial institutions to better serve customers, and reduce costs. Additionally, as a result of COVID-19 and the related shift toward remote banking, customers have become more reliant on, and their expectations have increased with respect to, new technology-driven products and services. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for "non-banks" to offer traditional bank products and services using innovative technological platforms such as fintech and blockchain. These "digital banks" may be able to achieve economies of scale and offer better pricing than the Company offers for banking products and services, and they may have fewer regulatory burdens than traditional banks such as the Company. However, some new technologies needed to compete effectively result in incremental operating costs and capital investments. The Company's future success depends in part upon its ability to continue to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in operations. Many of the Company's competitors, because of their larger size and available capital, have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. The Company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers within the same time frame as its large competitors or within the time frame expected by its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could lead to loss of customers and could have a material adverse impact on the Company's business and, in turn, its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company is subject to laws regarding the privacy, information security and protection of personal information and any violation of these laws or an incident involving personal, confidential or proprietary information of individuals could damage the Company s reputation and otherwise adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. The Company regularly collects, processes, transmits and stores confidential information regarding its customers and employees. In some cases, this confidential or proprietary information is collected, compiled, processed, transmitted or stored by third parties on the Company s behalf. Legislation and regulation governing the privacy and protection of personal information of individuals (including customers, employees, suppliers and other third parties) have been evolving, expanding and increasing in complexity in recent years, and although the Company makes and will continue to make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that the Company will not be subject to regulatory action or monetary penalties in the event of an incident. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 For example, the Company is subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which, among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on the ability to share nonpublic personal information about customers with nonaffiliated third parties; (ii) requires that the Company provide certain disclosures to customers about its information collection, sharing and security practices and afford customers the right to opt out of any information sharing by us with nonaffiliated third parties (with certain exceptions); and (iii) requires that the Company develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive information security program containing appropriate safeguards based on its size and complexity, the nature and scope of its activities, and the sensitivity of customer information processed by the Company, as well as plans for responding to data security breaches. Various state and federal banking regulators and states have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. Ensuring that the collection, use, transfer and storage of personal information by the Company complies with all applicable laws and regulations can increase costs. Furthermore, the Company may not be able to ensure that all of its customers, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of information exchanged with them, particularly where such information is transmitted by electronic means. If personal, confidential or proprietary information of customers or others were to be mishandled or misused, the Company could be exposed to litigation or regulatory sanctions under personal information laws and regulations. Concerns regarding the effectiveness of our measures to safeguard personal information, or even the perception that such measures are inadequate, could cause the Company to lose customers or potential customers and thereby reduce revenues. Accordingly, any failure or perceived failure to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations may subject the Company to inquiries, examinations and investigations that could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices or in significant liabilities, fines or penalties, and could damage the Company s reputation and otherwise adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company s controls and procedures may be inadequate, and failure to comply with controls and procedures or related regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company faces the risk that the design of its controls and procedures, including those designed to mitigate the risk of fraud by employees or outside third parties, may be inadequate or be circumvented, thereby causing delays or failures in detection of errors or inaccuracies in data and information. The Company regularly reviews and updates the Company's internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the Company's controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition. Certain of the Company s employees work remotely and/or hybrid, which arrangements may contribute to heightened cybersecurity, information security and operational risks. The Company has not experienced any material impact to the Company s internal control over financial reporting due to the fact that most of the Company s employees responsible for financial reporting are working remotely and/or hybrid, but the Company is continually monitoring and assessing the impact of remote or hybrid work policies on the Company s internal control over financial reporting to minimize any impact on the design and operating effectiveness. In addition, while the Company maintains a control framework designed to monitor service provider risks, including those relating to internet vulnerability fraud and operational errors of employees, the failure of a service provider to perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements could be disruptive to the Company's operations, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial condition or results of operations, and the Company s (or the service provider s) business continuity plans, risk management processes and procedures or security systems may not adequately mitigate such risk. 
 
 Risks Related to Liquidity 
 
 The Company may be unable to adequately manage its liquidity risk, which could affect its ability to meet its obligations as they become due, capitalize on growth opportunities, or pay dividends on its common stock. Liquidity risk refers to managing the Company's liquidity so that it can meet its obligations as the obligations become due, opportunistically capitalize on potential growth opportunities as they arise, or pay dividends on its common stock. The Company's liquidity arises from its ability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding in a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and within acceptable risk tolerances. Liquidity is required to fund various obligations, including credit commitments to borrowers, mortgage and other loan originations, withdrawals by depositors, repayment of borrowings, dividends to shareholders, operating expenses and capital expenditures. The Company's liquidity is derived primarily from funding obtained from the FHLB of Boston; retail deposit growth and retention; principal and interest payments on loans; principal and interest payments on investment securities the Company issues; sale, maturity and prepayment of investment securities the Company holds; net cash provided from operations; and access to other funding sources. Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged changes in the level or cost of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business. Factors that could detrimentally impact the Company s access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of business activity as a result of a downturn in the markets in which the Company's loans are concentrated or an adverse regulatory action against the Company. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to the Company, such as a disruption in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry generally. 
 
 Risks Related to Environmental and Social Matters 
 
 The Company is subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. A significant portion of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, the Company may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, the Company may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require the Company to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit the Company s ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase the Company s exposure to environmental liability. Environmental reviews conducted prior to originating certain commercial real estate loans, as well as before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, as required by Company policies and procedures, may not detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Responses to climate change could adversely affect the Company's business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on its customers. Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. The Company and its customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. The Company and its customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, and the like. Among the impacts to the Company could include a drop in demand for its products and services, particularly in certain sectors. In addition, the Company could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. 
 
 Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters could adversely affect the Company's business or results of operations, and this risk may be exacerbated by shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change. The Company s market area includes coastal regions that are susceptible to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters including, but not to limited to, hurricanes, blizzards and nor'easters and related flooding and wind damage. The nature and level of such natural disasters cannot be predicted and may be exacerbated by global climate change. Such events can disrupt operations, result in damage to properties and negatively affect the local economies in the markets where the Company operates, which would also impact the Company s customers and borrowers. See also Natural disasters, severe weather, public health crises, or other catastrophic or man-made events could have an adverse effect on the Company's business or results of operations below. 
 
 Environmental, social and governance ESG risks could adversely affect the Company's reputation, business and performance and the trading price of its common stock. Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from investors, customers, regulators and other stakeholders related to their ESG practices and disclosure. Investors, investor advocacy groups and investment funds are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, climate change, diversity and inclusion, workplace conduct and human capital management. These stakeholders often have differing priorities and expectations regarding ESG issues. 
 
 The consideration of ESG factors in making investment and voting decisions is relatively new. Accordingly, the frameworks and methods for assessing ESG policies are not fully developed, vary considerably among the investment community, and will likely continue to evolve over time. Moreover, the subjective nature of methods used by various stakeholders to assess a company with respect to ESG criteria could result in erroneous perceptions or a misrepresentation of our actual ESG policies and practices. Organizations that provide ratings information to investors on ESG matters may also assign unfavorable ratings to the Company. Certain clients might also require that the Company implement additional ESG procedures or standards in order to continue to do business with them. 
 
 Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, our ability to do business with certain customers, vendors, suppliers or other third parties, the Company s ability to attract and retain employees and our stock price. The Company could also face negative publicity or reputational harm based on the identity of those with whom we choose to do business. Increased ESG-related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs, which could impact our profitability. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure, which would result in increased compliance requirements and costs. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to the Company's Business and Industry Generally 
 
 The Company s business depends on maintaining the trust and confidence of customers and other market participants, and the Company's reputation is critical to its business. The Company s ability to originate and maintain accounts and business is highly dependent upon the perceptions of borrowers and deposit holders and other external perceptions of the Company s business practices and financial health. The Company s reputation is vulnerable to threats that can be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or impossible to remediate. Regulatory inquiries, actual or alleged incidents of employee misconduct and rumors, among other things, can substantially damage the Company s reputation, even if the inquiries, allegations, or rumors are baseless or satisfactorily addressed. Adverse perceptions regarding the Company s reputation in the consumer, commercial and funding markets could result in difficulties in generating and maintaining accounts and business, as well as in financing accounts and the Company's business. Further, adverse perceptions can result in decreases in the levels of deposits that customers and potential customers choose to maintain with the Company, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 If the Company s risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate the Company s risks, the Company could suffer unexpected losses and the results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The Company s risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. The Company has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor and report the types of risk to which it is subject, including credit risk, operations risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, strategic risk, market risk and liquidity risk. The Company seeks to monitor and control its risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures and reporting requirements. Management of the Company s risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models, which, in turn, rely on assumptions and estimates. If the models used to mitigate these risks are inadequate, or the assumption or estimates are inaccurate or otherwise flawed, the Company may fail to adequately protect against risks and may incur losses. In addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that the Company has not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated, which could lead to unexpected losses and the Company's results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The Company has strong competition within its market area which may constrain the Company s ability to grow and achieve profitability. The Company faces significant competition both in attracting deposits and in the origination of loans. See "Market Area and Competition" in Item 1. Business of this Report. Mergers and acquisitions of financial institutions within the Company s market area may occur, which could add more competitive pressure as the Company would be competing with the resultant larger financial institutions with greater financial resources on a combined basis. Additionally, the Company's market share and income may be adversely affected by its inability to successfully compete against larger and more diverse financial service providers. If the Company is unable to compete effectively, it may lose market share or fail to maintain its market share, and income generated from loans, deposits, and other financial products may decline. 
 
 The success of the Company is dependent on the Company's ability to attract, hire and retain certain key personnel. The Company s business is complex and specialized and performance is largely dependent on the knowledge, talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. The Company relies on key personnel to manage and operate its business, including major revenue producing functions, such as loan and deposit generation. The loss of key personnel could adversely affect the Company s ability to maintain and manage these functions effectively, which could negatively affect the Company s net income. In addition, loss of key personnel could result in increased recruiting and hiring expenses, which could adversely impact the Company s net income. The Company s continued ability to compete effectively depends on its ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing key employees. Competition for the best people in the Company s markets and businesses can be intense, and the Company may not be able to hire people or to retain them, in particular due to an increasingly competitive labor market. The labor market continues to experience elevated levels of turnover in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Company has been impacted by an extremely competitive labor market, including increased competition for talent across all aspects of the Company s business, as well as increased competition with non-traditional competitors, such as fintech companies. Employers are offering increased compensation and opportunities to work with greater flexibility, including remote work, on a permanent basis. These can be important factors in a current employee s decision to leave the Company as well as in a prospective employee s decision to join the Company. As competition for skilled professionals remains intense, the Company may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain qualified personnel, which could negatively impact earnings. 
 
 Natural disasters, severe weather, public health crises or other catastrophic or man-made events could have an adverse effect on the Company's business or results of operations. The nature and level of such natural disasters, public health crises, such as pandemics or epidemics, or man-made events, including political events such as war, civil unrest or terrorist attacks, and other catastrophic events cannot be predicted. Such events can disrupt operations, result in damage to 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 properties and negatively affect the local economies in the markets where the Company operates. The Company's borrowers may suffer property damage, experience interruption of their businesses or lose their jobs, which may negatively impact the ability of these borrowers to make deposits with the Company or repay their loans or negatively impact values of collateral securing loans, any of which could result in losses and increased provisions for credit losses. Additionally, the occurrence of these events could harm the Company's operations thorough interference with communications, including the interruption or loss of its computer systems which could prevent the gathering of deposits, originating loans and processing and controlling business flow, as well as through the destruction of facilities and operational, financial and management information systems, and could cause us to incur significant costs to repair any resulting damage to the Company's property or business relationships. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank conducted its business from its main office located at 288 Union Street, Rockland, Massachusetts, 122 retail branches and one mobile branch located within Eastern Massachusetts as well as in Worcester County and Rhode Island. In addition to its main office, the Bank leased 73 of its branches and owned the remaining 50 branches. In addition to these branch locations, the Bank had 28 remote ATM locations, all of which are leased. 
 
 The Bank s executive administration offices are located in Hanover, Massachusetts while the remaining administrative and operations locations are housed in several different campuses. Additionally, the Bank operates a number of commercial banking and mortgage lending centers, as well as investment management offices not associated with a branch location throughout the Bank s footprint. 
 
 For additional information regarding the Bank s premises and equipment and lease obligations, see Notes 5, "Bank Premises and Equipment" and 17 "Leases ," respectively, within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Rockland Trust was involved in pending lawsuits that arose in the ordinary course of business. Management has reviewed these pending lawsuits with legal counsel and has taken into consideration the view of counsel as to their outcome. In the opinion of management, the final disposition of such pending lawsuits is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR INDEPENDENT BANK CORP.'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 (a.) Independent Bank Corp. s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol INDB. The Company declared aggregate cash dividends of 2.08 and 1.92 per share in 2022 and in 2021, respectively. The ratio of dividends paid to earnings in 2022 and 2021 was 35.53 and 51.85 , respectively. 
 
 Payment of dividends by the Company on its common stock is subject to various regulatory restrictions and guidelines. Since substantially all of the funds available for the payment of dividends are derived from the Bank, future dividends will depend on the earnings of the Bank, its financial condition, its need for funds, applicable governmental policies and regulations, and other such matters as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. Management believes that the Bank will continue to generate adequate earnings to continue to pay comparable common dividends on a quarterly basis. 
 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were 45,064,851 shares of common stock outstanding which were held by approximately 4,196 holders of record. The number of record-holders may not reflect the number of persons or entities holding stock in 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 nominee name through banks, brokerage firms, and other nominees. The closing price of the Company s common stock on December 30, 2022, the last trading day of the year, wa s 84.43. 
 
 Comparative Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The stock performance graph below and associated table compare the cumulative total shareholder return of the Company s common stock from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 to the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Composite Index (U.S. Companies) and the KBW NASDAQ Bank Index. The lines in the graph and the numbers in the table below represent yearly index levels derived from compounded daily returns that include reinvestment or retention of all dividends. If the yearly interval, based on the last day of a fiscal year, was not a trading day, the preceding trading day was used. The index value for all of the series was set to 100.00 on December 31, 2017 (which assumes that 100.00 was invested in each of the series on December 31, 2017). 
 
 The following information in this Item 5 of this Report is not deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such a filing. The stock price performance shown on the stock performance graph and associated table below is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. Information used in the graph and table was obtained from a third party provider, a source believed to be reliable, but the Company is not responsible for any errors or omissions in such information. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The following chart depicts the total return performance of the Company: 

(b.) Not applicable 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 (c.) The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s repurchases of its common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan or Program Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan or Program October 1 to October 31, 2022 120,000,000 November 1 to November 30, 2022 120,000,000 December 1 to December 31, 2022 120,000,000 Total 120,000,000 
 
 On October 20, 2022, the Company announced the commencement of a new share repurchase program which authorizes repurchases by the Company of up to 120 million in common stock. Repurchases under the new program may be made from time to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. The extent to which the Company repurchases shares and the size and timing of these repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including pricing, market and economic conditions, the Company s capital position and amount of retained earnings and legal and contractual requirements. The repurchase program is scheduled to expire October 19, 2023 and may be modified, suspended or discontinued without prior notice at any time. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The Company is a state chartered, federally registered bank holding company, incorporated in 1985. The Company is the sole stockholder of Rockland Trust, a Massachusetts trust company chartered in 1907. For a full list of corporate entities see Item 1 "Business General." 
 
 All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. When necessary, certain amounts in prior year financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. The following should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. 

Executive Level Overview 
 
 Management evaluates the Company's operating results and financial condition using measures that include net income, earnings per share, return on assets and equity, return on tangible common equity, net interest margin, tangible book value per share, asset quality indicators, and many others. These metrics are used by management to make key decisions regarding the Company's balance sheet, liquidity, interest rate sensitivity, and capital resources and assist with identifying opportunities for improving the Company's financial position or operating results. The Company maintains an asset-sensitive profile and, accordingly, has benefited from recent interest rate increases. While asset quality remains strong, management is closely monitoring the economic environment, including elevated inflationary pressures, supply chain issues, and labor shortages being experienced in the current operating environment across various industries. The Company focuses on organic growth, but will also consider growth through acquisition. Any potential acquisition opportunities are evaluated for the potential to provide a satisfactory financial return as well as other criteria (ease of integration, synergies, geographical location). Recent acquisitions include Meridian Bancorp, Inc. ("Meridian") and its subsidiary, East Boston Savings Bank ("EBSB"), which closed in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 2022 Results 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 263.8 million, or 5.69 on a diluted earnings per share basis, as compared to 121.0 million, or 3.47 on a diluted earnings per share basis for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing increases of 118.0 and 64.0 , respectively. Full year 2022 results reflect pre-tax merger and acquisition-related costs of 7.1 million associated with the Meridian acquisition, as compared to 40.8 million of such costs during the same prior year period. Excluding these merger and acquisition-related costs, operating net income was 268.9 million, or 5.80 on a diluted per share 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 basis, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 187.6 million, or 5.38 on a diluted per share basis for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing increases of 43.3 and 7.8 , respectively. See "Non-GAAP Measures" below for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures. 
 
 Full year 2022 results reflected the following key drivers: 
 
 Improvement in the net interest margin of 44 basis points; 
 4.1 net loan growth, excluding Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") runoff; 
 Deployment of excess cash balances into investment portfolio and paydowns of outstanding borrowings; 
 Low deposit betas, with total cost of deposits contained at 15 basis points for the year; 
 Relatively modest provision for credit loss, reflecting increase in nonperforming assets and a specific reserve allocation; 
 Strong fee income; 
 51 efficiency ratio for the year; and 
 Completion of the Company's share repurchase program announced in January 2022, resulting in the repurchase of 1.8 million shares for approximately 140 million. 
 
 Interest-Earning Assets 
 
 The results depicted in the following table reflect the trend of the Company's interest-earning assets over the past five years and reflect a longer term overall strategy that typically emphasizes loan growth commensurate with overall economic growth. Compared to the prior year, the composition of interest-earnings assets at December 31, 2022 primarily reflects reduced cash balances driven largely by decreased deposit balances and additional securities purchases. The following table summarizes the Company's interest-earning assets as of December 31st for each year presented: 

Management strives to be disciplined about loan pricing and considers interest rate sensitivity when generating loan assets. In addition, management takes a disciplined approach to credit underwriting, seeking to avoid undue credit risk and credit losses. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Funding and the Net Interest Margin 
 
 The Company's overall sources of funding reflect strong business and retail deposit growth with a management emphasis on core deposit growth to fund loans. The following chart shows the sources of funding and the percentage of core deposits to total deposits as of December 31st for the trailing five years: 

The following table shows the net interest margin and cost of deposits trends for the trailing five year period: 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Income 
 
 Noninterest income is primarily comprised of deposit account fees, interchange and ATM fees, investment management fees and mortgage banking income. The following chart shows the components of noninterest income over the past five years: 

Expense Control 
 
 Management seeks to take a balanced approach to noninterest expense control by monitoring ongoing operating expenses while making needed capital expenditures and prudently investing in growth initiatives. The Company s primary expenses arise from Rockland Trust s employee salaries and benefits, as well as expenses associated with buildings and equipment. 
 
 The following chart depicts the Company's efficiency ratio on a GAAP basis (calculated by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of noninterest income and net interest income), as well as the Company's efficiency ratio on a non-GAAP operating basis, (calculated by dividing noninterest expense, excluding certain noncore items, by the sum of noninterest income, excluding certain noncore items, and net interest income) over the past five years: 
 
 See "Non-GAAP Measures" below for a reconciliation to GAAP financial measures. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Capital 
 
 The Company's approach with respect to revenue and expense is designed to promote long-term earnings growth, which in turn contributes to capital growth. Strong earnings retention has contributed to capital growth, both on an absolute level and per share basis, which has been offset in the last year by share repurchases and other comprehensive losses. The following chart shows the Company's book value and tangible book value per share over the past five years: 

See "Non-GAAP Measures" below for a reconciliation to GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Cash dividends declared by the Company increased from an aggregate of 1.92 per share in 2021 to 2.08 per share in 2022, representing an increase of 8.3 . In 2022, the Company repurchased a total of 1.8 million shares of its common stock at an average price of 78.32 under the January 2022 program which was completed in the third quarter of 2022. In consideration of the Company's strong current capital position, on October 20, 2022 the Company announced a new share repurchase program, which authorizes repurchases by the Company of up to 120 million in common stock. The new plan will be in effect through October 19, 2023 and no repurchases had been executed by the Company under the plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 When management assesses the Company s financial performance for purposes of making day-to-day and strategic decisions, it does so based upon the performance of its core banking business, which is primarily derived from the combination of net interest income and noninterest or fee income, reduced by operating expenses, the provision for credit losses, and the impact of income taxes and other noncore items shown in the table that follows. There are items that impact the Company's results that management believes are unrelated to its core banking business such as gains or losses on the sales of securities, merger and acquisition expenses, provision for credit losses on acquired portfolios, loss on extinguishment of debt, impairment, and other items, such as one-time adjustments as a result of changes in laws and regulations. Management, therefore, excludes items management considers to be noncore when computing the Company s non-GAAP operating earnings and operating EPS, noninterest income on an operating basis and efficiency ratio on an operating basis. Management believes excluding these items facilitates greater visibility into the Company s core banking business and underlying trends that may, to some extent, be obscured by inclusion of such items. 
 
 Management also supplements its evaluation of financial performance with an analysis of tangible book value per share (which is computed by dividing stockholders' equity less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, or tangible common equity, by common shares outstanding) and with the Company's tangible common equity ratio (which is computed by dividing tangible common equity by tangible assets) which are non-GAAP measures. The Company has included information on these tangible ratios because management believes that investors may find it useful to have access to the same analytical tools used by management to assess performance and identify trends. The Company has recognized goodwill and other intangible assets in conjunction with merger and acquisition activities. Excluding the impact of goodwill and other intangibles in measuring asset and capital values for the ratios provided, along with other bank standard capital ratios, facilitates comparison of the capital adequacy of the Company to other companies in the financial services industry. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

These non-GAAP measures should not be viewed as a substitute for financial results determined in accordance with GAAP. An item which management deems to be noncore and excludes when computing these non-GAAP measures can be of substantial importance to the Company s results for any particular period. The Company s non-GAAP performance measures are not necessarily comparable to similarly named non-GAAP performance measures which may be presented by other companies. 
 
 The following table summarizes the impact of noncore items on net income and reconciles non-GAAP net operating earnings to net income available to common shareholders for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31 Net Income Diluted Earnings Per Share 2022 2021 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Net income available to common shareholders (GAAP) 263,813 120,992 5.69 3.47 Non-GAAP adjustments Provision for non-PCD acquired loans 50,705 1.45 Noninterest expense components Add: merger and acquisition expenses 7,100 40,840 0.15 1.17 Noncore increases to income before taxes 7,100 91,545 0.15 2.62 Net tax benefit associated with noncore items (1) (1,995) (24,899) (0.04) (0.71) Noncore increases to net income 5,105 66,646 0.11 1.91 Net operating earnings (Non-GAAP) 268,918 187,638 5.80 5.38 
 (1) The net tax benefit associated with noncore items is determined by assessing whether each noncore item is included or excluded from net taxable income and applying the Company's combined marginal tax rate only to those items included in net taxable income. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the impact of noncore items with respect to the Company's total revenue, noninterest income as a percentage of total revenue, and the efficiency ratio for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Net interest income 613,249 401,559 367,728 393,135 298,165 (a) Noninterest income (GAAP) 114,667 105,850 111,440 115,294 88,505 (b) Less: Gain on sale of loans 951 Noninterest income on an operating basis (non-GAAP) 114,667 105,850 111,440 114,343 88,505 (c) Noninterest expense (GAAP) 373,662 332,529 273,832 284,321 225,969 (d) Less: Loss on termination of derivatives 684 Merger and acquisition expenses 7,100 40,840 26,433 11,168 Noninterest expense on an operating basis (non-GAAP) 366,562 291,689 273,148 257,888 214,801 (e) Total revenue (GAAP) 727,916 507,409 479,168 508,429 386,670 (a+b) Total operating revenue (non-GAAP) 727,916 507,409 479,168 507,478 386,670 (a+c) Ratios Noninterest income as a of revenue 15.75 20.86 23.26 22.68 22.89 (b/(a+b)) Noninterest income as a of revenue on an operating basis (non-GAAP) 15.75 20.86 23.26 22.53 22.89 (c/(a+c)) Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 51.33 65.53 57.15 55.92 58.44 (d/(a+b)) Efficiency ratio on an operating basis (non-GAAP) 50.36 57.49 57.00 50.82 55.55 (e/(a+c)) 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the calculation of the Company's tangible common equity ratio and tangible book value per share for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Tangible common equity Stockholders equity 2,886,701 3,018,449 1,702,685 1,708,143 1,073,490 (a) Less: Goodwill and other intangibles 1,010,140 1,017,844 529,313 535,492 271,355 Tangible common equity (Non-GAAP) 1,876,561 2,000,605 1,173,372 1,172,651 802,135 (b) Tangible assets Assets (GAAP) 19,294,174 20,423,405 13,204,301 11,395,165 8,851,592 (c) Less: Goodwill and other intangibles 1,010,140 1,017,844 529,313 535,492 271,355 Tangible assets (Non-GAAP) 18,284,034 19,405,561 12,674,988 10,859,673 8,580,237 (d) Common shares 45,641,238 47,349,778 32,965,692 34,377,388 28,080,408 (e) Common equity to assets ratio (GAAP) 14.96 14.78 12.89 14.99 12.13 (a/c) Tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio (Non-GAAP) 10.26 10.31 9.26 10.80 9.35 (b/d) Book value per share (GAAP) 63.25 63.75 51.65 49.69 38.23 (a/e) Tangible book value per share (Non-GAAP) 41.12 42.25 35.59 34.11 28.57 (b/e) 

39 

Table of Contents 

 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 The selected consolidated financial and other data of the Company set forth below does not purport to be complete and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed information, including the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes, appearing elsewhere herein. 
 
 Table 1 - Selected Financial Data 
 As of or for the Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Financial condition data Securities 3,129,281 2,664,859 1,162,317 1,190,670 1,075,223 Loans 13,928,675 13,587,286 9,392,866 8,873,639 6,906,194 Allowance for credit losses (152,419) (146,922) (113,392) (67,740) (64,293) Goodwill and other intangibles 1,010,140 1,017,844 529,313 535,492 271,355 Total assets 19,294,174 20,423,405 13,204,301 11,395,165 8,851,592 Deposits 15,879,007 16,917,044 10,993,170 9,147,367 7,427,120 Borrowings 113,377 152,374 181,060 303,103 258,707 Stockholders equity 2,886,701 3,018,449 1,702,685 1,708,143 1,073,490 Nonperforming loans 54,881 27,820 66,861 48,049 45,418 Nonperforming assets 54,881 27,820 66,861 48,049 45,418 Operating data Interest income 642,840 415,276 402,069 447,014 323,701 Interest expense 29,591 13,717 34,341 53,879 25,536 Net interest income 613,249 401,559 367,728 393,135 298,165 Provision for credit losses 6,500 18,205 52,500 6,000 4,775 Noninterest income 114,667 105,850 111,440 115,294 88,505 Noninterest expenses 373,662 332,529 273,832 284,321 225,969 Net income 263,813 120,992 121,167 165,175 121,622 Per share data Net income basic 5.69 3.47 3.64 5.03 4.41 Net income diluted 5.69 3.47 3.64 5.03 4.40 Cash dividends declared 2.08 1.92 1.84 1.76 1.52 Book value 63.25 63.75 51.65 49.69 38.23 Tangible book value (1) 41.12 42.25 35.59 34.11 28.57 Performance ratios Return on average assets 1.33 0.81 0.96 1.52 1.46 Return on average common equity 9.05 6.34 7.13 10.85 12.31 Net interest margin (on a fully tax equivalent basis) 3.46 3.02 3.29 4.04 3.91 Dividend payout ratio 35.53 51.85 50.21 32.25 33.03 Asset quality ratios Nonperforming loans as a percent of gross loans 0.39 0.20 0.71 0.54 0.66 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total assets 0.28 0.14 0.51 0.42 0.51 Allowance for credit losses as a percent of total loans 1.09 1.08 1.21 0.76 0.93 Allowance for credit losses as a percent of nonperforming loans 277.73 528.12 169.59 140.98 141.56 Capital ratios Equity to assets 14.96 14.78 12.89 14.99 12.13 Tangible equity to tangible assets (1) 10.26 10.31 9.26 10.80 9.35 Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 10.99 12.03 9.56 11.28 10.69 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 14.33 14.30 12.67 12.86 11.92 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 14.33 14.30 13.34 13.53 12.99 Total risk-based capital ratio 16.11 16.04 15.13 14.83 14.45 
 (1) Represents a non-GAAP measurement. For reconciliation to GAAP measurement, see Item 7 " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Executive Level Overview - Non-GAAP Measures ". 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Position 

Securities Portfolio The Company's securities portfolio primarily consists of U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agency securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, agency collateralized mortgage obligations, and small business administration pooled securities. Also included in the Company's security portfolio are trading and equity securities related to certain employee benefit programs. The majority of these securities are investment grade debt obligations with average lives of five years or less. U.S. government agency securities entail a lesser degree of risk than loans made by the Bank by virtue of the guarantees that back them, require less capital under risk-based capital rules than noninsured or nonguaranteed mortgage loans, are more liquid than individual mortgage loans, and may be used to collateralize borrowings or other obligations of the Bank. The Bank views its securities portfolio as a source of income and liquidity. Interest and principal payments generated from securities provide a source of liquidity to fund loans and meet short-term cash needs. 
 
 Total securities increased by 464.4 million, or 17.4 , at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021, reflecting 927.4 million of purchases, partially offset by unrealized losses of 155.0 million related to the available for sale portfolio, as well as paydowns, calls and maturities. The ratio of securities to total assets increased to 16.2 at December 31, 2022 as compared to 13.1 at December 31, 2021, reflecting the Company's strategy to deploy excess cash balances into investment securities. The Company estimates expected credit losses for its available for sale and held to maturity securities in accordance with the CECL methodology. Further details regarding the Company's measurement of expected credit losses on investment securities can be found in Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

The following table sets forth the fair value of available for sale securities and the amortized cost of held to maturity securities along with the percentage distribution: 
 
 Table 2 - Securities Portfolio Composition 
 December 31 2022 2021 Amount Percent Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Fair value of securities available for sale U.S. government agency securities 202,300 14.5 215,482 13.7 U.S. treasury securities 791,341 56.5 861,448 54.8 Agency mortgage-backed securities 313,688 22.4 363,933 23.2 Agency collateralized mortgage obligations 38,843 2.8 79,677 5.1 State, county and municipal securities 191 203 Single issuer trust preferred securities issued by banks 491 Pooled trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurers 1,034 0.1 1,000 0.1 Small business administration pooled securities 51,757 3.7 48,914 3.1 Total fair value of securities available for sale 1,399,154 100.0 1,571,148 100.0 Amortized cost of securities held to maturity U.S. government agency securities 31,258 1.8 32,987 3.1 U.S. treasury securities 100,634 5.9 102,560 9.6 Agency mortgage-backed securities 898,927 52.8 493,012 46.2 Agency collateralized mortgage obligations 535,971 31.4 415,736 39.0 Single issuer trust preferred securities issued by banks 1,500 0.1 1,500 0.1 Small business administration pooled securities 136,830 8.0 21,023 2.0 Total amortized cost of securities held to maturity 1,705,120 100.0 1,066,818 100.0 Total 3,104,274 2,637,966 

The Company s available for sale securities are carried at fair value and are categorized within the fair value hierarchy based on the observability of model inputs. Securities which require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable are classified as level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no securities categorized as level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the weighted average yield for each range of contractual maturities of the Bank s held to maturity securities portfolio at December 31, 2022. Actual maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Weighted average yields in the table below have been calculated based on the amortized cost of the security. 
 
 Table 3 - Securities Portfolio, Weighted Average Yields 
 Within One Year One Year to Five Years Five Years to Ten Years Over Ten Years Total Weighted Average Yield (Dollars in thousands) U.S. government agency securities 0.5 0.5 U.S. Treasury securities 1.2 1.3 1.3 Agency mortgage-backed securities 2.0 3.2 2.4 3.2 2.8 Agency collateralized mortgage obligations 3.2 2.0 1.6 1.7 Single issuer trust preferred securities issued by banks 8.3 8.3 Small business administration pooled securities 2.3 4.1 4.0 Total 2.0 2.6 2.3 2.4 2.4 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average life of the securities portfolio was 4.80 years and the modified duration was 4.20 years. 

At December 31, 2022, the aggregate book value of securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac exceeded 10 of stockholders' equity, accordingly the following table disclosed the aggregate book value and market value of these securities at December 31, 2022: 
 
 Table 4 - Aggregate Book Value and Market Value of Select Securities 
 Aggregate Book Value Aggregate Market Value (Dollars in thousands) Securities issued by: Fannie Mae 928,188 822,989 Freddie Mac 387,245 341,461 Total 1,315,433 1,164,450 

Residential Mortgage Loan Sales The Bank s residential mortgage loans are generally originated in compliance with terms, conditions and documentation which permit the sale of such loans to investors in the secondary market. Loan sales in the secondary market provide funds for additional lending and other banking activities. Depending on market conditions, the Bank may sell the servicing of the sold loans for a servicing released premium, simultaneous with the sale of the loan. For the remainder of the sold loans for which the Company retains the servicing, a mortgage servicing asset is recognized. Additionally, as part of its asset/liability management strategy, the Bank may opt to retain certain adjustable rate and fixed rate residential real estate loan originations for its portfolio. When a loan is sold, the Company enters into agreements that contain representations and warranties about the characteristics of the loans sold and their origination. The Company may be required to either repurchase mortgage loans or to indemnify the purchaser from losses if representations and warranties are found to be not accurate in all material respects. The Company incurred no material losses related to mortgage repurchases during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

42 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, a larger portion of new residential real estate closings were retained in the portfolio rather than sold into the secondary market as compared to prior year periods. The following table shows the total residential loans that were closed and whether the amounts were held in the portfolio or sold (or held for sale) in the secondary market for the periods indicated: 
 
 Table 5 - Closed Residential Real Estate Loans 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Held in portfolio 689,636 411,850 223,544 Sold or held for sale in the secondary market 84,059 756,025 885,778 Total closed loans 773,695 1,167,875 1,109,322 

The table below reflects additional information related to loans which were sold during the periods indicated: 
 
 Table 6 - Residential Mortgage Loan Sales 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Sold with servicing rights released 103,221 772,234 816,996 Sold with servicing rights retained (1) 863 11,116 45,830 Total loans sold 104,084 783,350 862,826 
 (1) All loans sold with servicing rights retained during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were sold without recourse. 
 
 When a loan is sold, the Company may decide to also sell the servicing of sold loans for a servicing release premium, simultaneously with the sale of the loan, or the Company may opt to sell the loan and retain the servicing. In the event of a sale with servicing rights retained, a mortgage servicing asset is established, which represents the then current estimated fair value based on market prices for comparable mortgage servicing contracts, when available, or alternatively is based on a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The valuation model incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income, such as the cost to service, the discount rate, an inflation rate, ancillary income, prepayment speeds and default rates and losses. Servicing rights are recorded in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing income, and are assessed for impairment based on fair value at each reporting date. Impairment is determined by stratifying the rights based on predominant characteristics, such as interest rate, loan type and investor type. Impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance, to the extent that fair value is less than the capitalized amount. If the Company later determines that all or a portion of the impairment no longer exists, a reduction of the allowance may be recorded as an increase to income. The principal balance of loans serviced by the Bank on behalf of investors was 327.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 382.6 million at December 31, 2021. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

The following table shows the adjusted cost of the servicing rights associated with these loans and the changes for the periods indicated: 
 
 Table 7 - Mortgage Servicing Asset 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Beginning balance 2,627 2,365 Additions 8 95 Acquired portfolio 493 Amortization (649) (1,011) Change in valuation allowance 961 685 Ending balance 2,947 2,627 
 
 See Note 10, "Derivatives and Hedging Activities," within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more information on mortgage activity and mortgage related derivatives. 

Loan Portfolio The Company s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 increased by 341.4 million, or 2.5 , when compared to December 31, 2021. Excluding 207.1 million of net paydowns associated with PPP loans during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the loan portfolio increased by 548.5 million, or 4.1 , compared to December 31, 2021. Organic loan growth was driven primarily by strong consumer loan activity, as the majority of residential real estate loan closings were retained on the balance sheet, while increased demand and line utilization fueled growth in home equity balances. Excluding the net reduction in PPP loans, the commercial portfolio increased 61.7 million, or 0.58 at December 31, 2022 in comparison to December 31, 2021, primarily driven by increased line utilization and higher closing volumes within the commercial and industrial category, which grew by 278.9 million, or 20.7 , which was partially offset by elevated levels of attrition within the commercial real estate portfolio. 

The following table sets forth information concerning the composition of the Bank s loan portfolio by loan type at the dates indicated: 
 Table 8 - Loan Portfolio Composition 
 December 31 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Commercial and industrial 1,635,103 11.7 1,563,279 11.5 Commercial real estate 7,760,230 55.7 7,992,344 58.8 Commercial construction 1,154,413 8.3 1,165,457 8.6 Small business 219,102 1.6 193,189 1.4 Residential real estate 2,035,524 14.6 1,604,686 11.8 Home equity 1,088,750 7.8 1,039,611 7.7 Other consumer 35,553 0.3 28,720 0.2 Gross loans 13,928,675 100.0 13,587,286 100.0 Allowance for credit losses (152,419) (146,922) Net loans 13,776,256 13,440,364 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the scheduled contractual amortization of the Bank s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Loans having no schedule of repayments or no stated maturity are reported as being due in greater than five years. The following table also sets forth the rate structure of loans scheduled to mature after one year: 
 
 Table 9 - Scheduled Contractual Loan Amortization 
 December 31, 2022 Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Commercial Construction (1) Small Business Residential Real Estate Home Equity Other Consumer Total (Dollars in thousands) Amounts due in: One year or less 526,567 1,159,234 477,991 38,963 55,698 94,447 19,474 2,372,374 After one year through five years 663,369 2,156,933 219,769 82,185 282,299 325,985 15,578 3,746,118 After five years through fifteen years 421,478 3,256,757 329,968 97,750 856,133 668,319 500 5,630,905 After fifteen years 23,689 1,187,305 126,685 204 841,395 2,179,278 Total 1,635,103 7,760,229 1,154,413 219,102 2,035,525 1,088,751 35,552 13,928,675 Interest rate terms on amounts due after one year: Fixed rate 350,486 2,563,703 385,124 132,453 1,648,089 292,014 16,078 5,387,947 Adjustable rate 758,050 4,037,292 291,298 47,686 331,738 702,290 6,168,354 
 (1) Includes certain construction loans that will convert to commercial mortgages and will be reclassified to commercial real estate upon the completion of the construction phase. 
 
 Generally, the actual maturity of loans is substantially shorter than their contractual maturity due to prepayments and, in the case of real estate loans, due-on-sale clauses, which generally give the Bank the right to declare a loan immediately due and payable in the event that, among other things, the borrower sells the property subject to the mortgage and the loan is not repaid. The average life of real estate loans tends to increase when current real estate loan rates are higher than rates on mortgages in the portfolio and, conversely, tends to decrease when rates on mortgages in the portfolio are higher than current real estate loan rates. Due to the fact that the Bank may, consistent with industry practice, renew a significant portion of commercial and commercial real estate loans at or immediately prior to their maturity by renewing the loans on substantially similar or revised terms, the principal repayments actually received by the Bank are anticipated to be significantly less than the amounts contractually due in any particular period. In other circumstances, a loan, or a portion of a loan, may not be repaid due to the borrower s inability to satisfy the contractual obligations of the loan. 

Asset Quality The Company continually monitors the asset quality of the loan portfolio using all available information. Based on this assessment, loans demonstrating certain payment issues or other weaknesses may be categorized as delinquent, nonperforming and/or put on nonaccrual status. In the course of resolving such loans, the Company may choose to restructure the contractual terms of certain loans to match the borrower s ability to repay the loan based on their current financial condition. If a restructured loan meets certain criteria, it may be categorized as a troubled debt restructuring ("TDR"). In addition, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, but prior to January 1, 2022, the Company offered need-based payment relief options for commercial and small business loans, residential mortgages, and home equity loans and lines of credit. In accordance with the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act"), these modifications are not accounted for as TDRs or reflected as delinquent or non-accrual loans if the borrower was in compliance with the loan terms as of December 31, 2019. 

Delinquency The Company s philosophy toward managing its loan portfolios is predicated upon careful monitoring, which stresses early detection and response to delinquent and default situations. The Company seeks to make arrangements to resolve any delinquent or default situation over the shortest possible time frame. Generally, the Company requires that a delinquency notice be mailed to a borrower upon expiration of a grace period (typically no longer than 15 days beyond the due date). Reminder notices may be sent and telephone calls may be made prior to the expiration of the grace period. If the delinquent status is not resolved within a reasonable time frame following the mailing of a delinquency notice, the Bank s personnel charged with managing its loan portfolios contacts the borrower to ascertain the reasons for delinquency and the prospects for payment. Any subsequent actions taken to resolve the delinquency will depend upon the nature of the loan and 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 the length of time that the loan has been delinquent. The borrower s needs are considered as much as reasonably possible without jeopardizing the Bank s position. A late charge is usually assessed on loans upon expiration of the grace period. 

Nonaccrual Loans As a general rule, loans 90 days or more past due with respect to principal or interest are classified as nonaccrual loans. However, certain loans that are 90 days or more past due may be kept on an accruing status if the loans are well secured and in the process of collection. Income accruals are suspended on all nonaccrual loans and all previously accrued and uncollected interest is reversed against current income. A loan remains on nonaccrual status until it becomes current with respect to principal and interest (and in certain instances remains current for up to six months), the loan is liquidated, or when the loan is determined to be uncollectible and is charged-off against the allowance for credit losses. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings In the course of resolving problem loans, the Company may choose to restructure the contractual terms of certain loans. The Company attempts to work out an alternative payment schedule with the borrower in order to avoid or cure a default. Loans that are modified are reviewed by the Company to identify if a TDR has occurred, which is when, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Bank grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. Terms may be modified to fit the ability of the borrower to repay in line with its current financial status and the restructuring of the loan may include adjustments to interest rates, extensions of maturity, consumer loans where the borrower's obligations have been effectively discharged through Chapter 7 Bankruptcy and the borrower has not reaffirmed the debt to the Bank, and other actions intended to minimize economic loss and avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. If such efforts by the Bank do not result in satisfactory performance, the loan is referred to legal counsel, at which time foreclosure proceedings are initiated. At any time prior to a sale of the property at foreclosure, the Bank may terminate foreclosure proceedings if the borrower is able to work out a satisfactory payment plan. 
 
 It is the Company s policy to have any restructured loans which are on nonaccrual status prior to being modified remain on nonaccrual status for six months, subsequent to being modified, before management considers their return to accrual status. If the restructured loan is on accrual status prior to being modified, it is reviewed to determine if the modified loan should remain on accrual status. Loans that are considered TDRs are classified as performing, unless they are on nonaccrual status or are delinquent for 90 days or more. Loans classified as TDRs remain classified as such for the life of the loan, except in limited circumstances, when it may be determined that the borrower is performing under modified terms and the restructuring agreement specified an interest rate greater than or equal to an acceptable market rate for a comparable new loan at the time of the restructuring. 

Purchased Credit Deteriorated Loans Purchased Credit Deteriorated ("PCD") loans are acquired loans which have shown a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination. PCD loans are recorded at amortized cost with an allowance for credit losses recorded upon purchase. 

Nonperforming Assets Nonperforming assets are typically comprised of nonperforming loans and other real estate owned ("OREO"). Nonperforming loans consist of nonaccrual loans and loans that are 90 days or more past due but still accruing interest. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth information regarding nonperforming assets held by the Bank at the dates indicated: 
 
 Table 10 - Nonperforming Assets 
 December 31 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis Commercial and industrial 26,693 3,439 Commercial real estate 15,730 10,870 Small business 104 44 Residential real estate 8,479 9,182 Home equity 3,400 3,781 Other consumer 475 504 Total nonperforming loans (1)(2) 54,881 27,820 Nonperforming loans as a percent of gross loans 0.39 0.20 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total assets 0.28 0.14 
 (1) Included in these amounts were nonaccrual TDRs of 11.5 million and 2.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) There were no nonperforming loans that were not on nonaccrual status and no other real estate owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The following table summarizes the changes in nonperforming assets for the periods indicated: 
 
 Table 11 - Activity in Nonperforming Assets 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Nonperforming assets beginning balance 27,820 66,861 Acquired nonperforming loans 4,463 New to nonperforming 72,960 13,080 Loans charged-off (2,652) (4,944) Loans paid-off /sold (35,622) (39,039) Loans restored to accrual status (7,652) (13,068) Other 27 467 Nonperforming assets ending balance 54,881 27,820 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth information regarding TDR loans at the dates indicated: 
 
 Table 12 - Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 December 31 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Performing troubled debt restructurings 11,278 14,635 Nonaccrual troubled debt restructurings 11,520 1,993 Total 22,798 16,628 Performing troubled debt restructurings as a of total loans 0.08 0.11 Nonaccrual troubled debt restructurings as a of total loans 0.08 0.01 Total troubled debt restructurings as a of total loans 0.16 0.12 

The following table summarizes changes in TDRs for the periods indicated: 
 
 Table 13 - Activity in Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) TDRs beginning balance 16,628 39,192 New to TDR status 10,153 3,918 Paydowns/sold loans (3,983) (26,466) Charge-offs (16) TDRs ending balance 22,798 16,628 

Income accruals are suspended on all nonaccrual loans and all previously accrued and uncollected interest is reversed against current income. The table below shows interest income that was recognized or collected on all nonaccrual loans and TDRs as of the dates indicated: 
 
 Table 14 - Interest Income - Nonaccrual Loans and Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) The amount of incremental gross interest income that would have been recorded if nonaccrual loans had been current in accordance with their original terms 7,046 2,721 2,604 The amount of interest income on nonaccrual loans and performing TDRs that was included in net income 2,779 895 1,720 

Potential problem loans are any loans which are not included in nonaccrual or nonperforming loans, where known information about possible credit problems of the borrowers causes management to have concerns as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with present loan repayment terms. At December 31, 2022, there were 50 relationships, with an aggregate balance of 168.1 million, deemed to be potential problem loans. These potential problem loans continued to perform with respect to payments. Management actively monitors these loans and strives to minimize any possible adverse impact to the Company. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 As previously noted, the Company has offered need-based payment relief options to its customers in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, primarily in the form of payment deferrals, all of which were granted prior to January 1, 2022. Loans that were modified are not accounted for as TDRs or reflected as delinquent or nonaccrual loans if the borrower was in compliance with their loan terms as of December 31, 2019. The Company held 55.6 million of loans with active deferrals at December 31, 2022, of which 46.9 million are scheduled to mature during 2023. 

Allowance for Credit Losses The allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level that management considers appropriate to provide for the Company's current estimate of expected lifetime credit losses on loans measured at amortized cost. The allowance is increased by providing for credit losses through a charge to expense and by credits for recoveries of loans previously charged-off and is reduced by loans being charged-off. 
 
 In accordance with the CECL methodology, the Company estimates credit losses for financial assets on a collective basis for loans sharing similar risk characteristics using a quantitative model combined with an assessment of certain qualitative factors designed to address forecast risk and model risk inherent in the quantitative model output. The model estimates expected credit losses using loan level data over the contractual life of the exposure, considering the effect of prepayments. Economic forecasts are incorporated into the estimate over a reasonable and supportable forecast period of one year, beyond which is a reversion to the Company's historical long-run average for a period of six months. The Company's qualitative assessment is structured based upon nine environmental factors impacting the expected risk of loss within the loan portfolio. Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with any pools of assets are subject to individual assessment and are removed from the collectively assessed pools to avoid double counting. For the loans that will be individually assessed, the Company uses either a discounted cash flow DCF approach or a fair value of collateral approach. The latter approach is used for loans deemed to be collateral dependent or when foreclosure is probable. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses of 152.4 million at December 31, 2022 represents an increase of 5.5 million, or 3.7 compared to December 31, 2021. An additional reserve allocation associated with a single large commercial and industrial credit that migrated to nonperforming status during 2022, as well as additional provisioning for net loan growth contributed to an overall higher quantitative allowance at December 31, 2022. This increase was offset partially by a stabilized credit environment and continued strong asset quality metrics experienced during the year. 
 
 Management's forecast anticipates that the federal funds rates will rise in the near term, that supply chain issues will persist, inflation will remain elevated, and the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine will persist for the foreseeable future, potentially impacting the production of chips, semiconductors and the supply chain more generally. The forecast used by management also anticipates that the U.S. economy will fall into a mild recession during the first quarter of 2023 and that the recession will persist for the short term. Additionally, the allowance for credit losses is qualitatively adjusted on a quarterly basis in order to ensure coverage for relationships that are deemed to be more at risk within certain industries, specific collateral types, or other specific characteristics that may be highly impacted by the current economic environment. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding within each major loan category for the periods presented: 
 
 Table 15 - Summary Net Charge-Offs to Average Loans Outstanding 
 Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) Average Amount Outstanding Ratio of Annualized Net Charge-Offs/(Recoveries) to Average Loans (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 Commercial and industrial (49) 1,538,848 Commercial real estate (271) 7,807,427 Commercial construction 1,191,394 Small business 47 204,982 0.02 Residential real estate 1,831,493 Home equity 1 1,061,228 Other consumer 1,275 31,986 3.99 Total 1,003 13,667,358 0.01 December 31, 2021 Commercial and industrial 788 1,823,914 0.04 Commercial real estate (57) 4,702,346 Commercial construction 616,037 Small business 121 180,473 0.07 Residential real estate (1) 1,286,470 Home equity (180) 1,025,809 (0.02) Other consumer 544 23,885 2.28 Total 1,215 9,658,934 0.01 December 31, 2020 Commercial and industrial 2,020 1,858,951 0.11 Commercial real estate 3,876 4,070,462 0.10 Commercial construction 561,431 Small business 347 171,839 0.20 Residential real estate 103 1,435,655 0.01 Home equity (68) 1,116,005 (0.01) Other consumer 590 25,195 2.34 Total 6,868 9,239,538 0.07 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 For purposes of the allowance for credit losses, management segregates the loan portfolio into the portfolio segments detailed in the table below. The allocation of the allowance for credit losses is made to each loan category using the analytical techniques and estimation methods described in this Report. While these amounts represent management s best estimate of credit losses at the evaluation dates, they are not necessarily indicative of either the categories in which actual losses may occur or the extent of such actual losses that may be recognized within each category. Each of these loan categories possess unique risk characteristics that are considered when determining the appropriate level of allowance for each segment. The total allowance is available to absorb losses from any segment of the loan portfolio. 
 
 The following table sets forth the allocation of the allowance for credit losses by loan category at the dates indicated: 
 Table 16 - Summary of Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses 
 December 31 2022 2021 Allowance Amount Percent of Loans In Category of Total Loans Allowance Amount Percent of Loans In Category of Total Loans (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and industrial (1) 27,559 11.7 14,402 11.5 Commercial real estate 77,799 55.7 83,486 58.8 Commercial construction 10,762 8.3 12,316 8.6 Small business 2,834 1.6 3,508 1.4 Residential real estate 20,973 14.6 14,484 11.8 Home equity 11,504 7.8 17,986 7.7 Other consumer 988 0.3 740 0.2 Total 152,419 100.0 146,922 100.0 
 (1) Total loans in this category are inclusive of 9.1 million and 216.2 million in loans, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were originated as part of the PPP established by the CARES Act. These loans have been excluded from the credit loss calculations as these loans are 100 guaranteed by the U.S. Government. 
 
 To determine if a loan should be charged-off, all possible sources of repayment are analyzed. Possible sources of repayment include the potential for future cash flows, the value of the Bank s collateral, and the strength of co-makers or guarantors. When available information confirms that specific loans or portions thereof are uncollectible, these amounts are promptly charged-off against the allowance for credit losses and any recoveries of such previously charged-off amounts are credited to the allowance. 
 
 Regardless of whether a loan is unsecured or collateralized, the Company charges off the amount of any confirmed loan loss in the period when the loans, or portions of loans, are deemed uncollectible. For troubled, collateral-dependent loans, loss-confirming events may include an appraisal or other valuation that reflects a shortfall between the value of the collateral and the carrying value of the loan or receivable, or a deficiency balance following the sale of the collateral. 
 
 For additional information regarding the Bank s allowance for credit losses, see Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and Note 4, "Loans, Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality " within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

Federal Home Loan Bank Stock The Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") is a cooperative that provides services to its member banking institutions. The primary reason for the FHLB of Boston membership is to gain access to a reliable source of wholesale funding as a tool to manage liquidity and interest rate risk. The purchase of stock in the FHLB is a requirement for a member to gain access to funding. The Company either purchases additional FHLB stock or is subject to redemption of FHLB stock proportional to the volume of funding received. The Company views the holdings as a necessary long-term investment for the purpose of balance sheet liquidity and not for investment return. The Bank held an investment in FHLB of Boston, of 5.2 million and 11.4 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, reflecting redemption activity occurring during 2022. 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets were 1.0 billion at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The Company typically performs its annual goodwill impairment testing during the third quarter of the year, unless certain indicators suggest earlier testing to be warranted. Accordingly, the Company last performed its annual goodwill impairment testing during the third quarter of 2022 and determined that the Company's goodwill was not impaired as of September 30, 2022. Other intangible assets are also reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. There were no events or changes that indicated impairment of other intangible assets. For additional information regarding the goodwill and other intangible assets, see Note 6, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets " within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 hereof. 

Cash Surrender Value of Life Insurance Policies The Bank holds life insurance policies for the purpose of offsetting its future obligations to its employees under its retirement and benefits plans. The cash surrender value of life insurance policies was 293.3 million and 289.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company recorded tax exempt income from life insurance policies in the amounts of 7.7 million, 6.4 million, and 5.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company also recorded gains on life insurance benefits of 1.3 million, 258,000, and 1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Deposits At December 31, 2022, total deposits were 15.9 billion, representing a decrease of 1.0 billion, or 6.1 compared to December 31, 2021, fueled by a combination of overall reductions in excess customer liquidity and market pricing pressures in the rising rate environment . The total cost of deposits was 0.15 for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase from the prior year of eight basis points. As part of a strategy to contain its cost of deposits, the Company strives to maintain elevated levels of core deposit balances relative to total deposit balances. The Company's ratio of core deposits to total deposits increased to 87.9 at December 31, 2022 from 84.5 at December 31, 2021. 

In addition to its core deposits, the Company also participates in the IntraFi Network, allowing the Bank to provide easy access to multi-million dollar Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") deposit insurance protection on certificate of deposit and money market investments for consumers, businesses and public entities. This channel allows the Company to seek additional funding in potentially large quantities by attracting deposits from outside the Bank s core market and amounted to 653.6 million and 998.1 million in deposits, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company may occasionally raise funds through the use of brokered deposits outside of the IntraFi Network, which amounted to 102.6 million and 141.6 million, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Scheduled maturities of time deposits not covered by deposit insurance at December 31, 2022, were as follows: 
 
 Table 17 - Maturities of Uninsured Time Deposits 
 December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Due within 3 months or less 44,098 Due after 3 months through 6 months 37,861 Due after 6 months through 12 months 55,234 Due after 12 months 106,245 Total uninsured deposits (1) 243,438 
 (1) Amounts of uninsured time deposits presented in the table above are estimates determined based upon a relative proportion of customer account balances in excess of FDIC insurance limits, and in a manner consistent with the Company's regulatory reporting requirements. 

Borrowings The Company's borrowings typically consist of both short-term and long-term borrowings and provide the Bank with one of its primary sources of funding. Maintaining available borrowing capacity provides the Bank with a contingent source of liquidity. Borrowings decreased by 39.0 million, or 25.6 , at December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021, due primarily to the re-payment of a revolving loan credit facility during the first quarter of 2022 and the maturity of a short term FHLB borrowing during the third quarter of 2022. See Note 8, "Borrowings" within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more information regarding borrowings. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company proactively manages its liquidity and cash flow requirements with the intent to maintain stable, cost-effective funding and to promote the strength of its overall balance sheet. The liquidity position of the Company is continuously monitored by management and adjustments are made to appropriately balance sources and uses of funds, as needed. For further details surrounding the Company s liquidity risks and related strategy, see Risk Management 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity Risk section below within Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within this Report. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board ("Federal Reserve"), the FDIC, and other regulatory agencies have established risk-based capital guidelines for banks and bank holding companies that require banks to meet a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 and a total capital ratio of 8.0 . A minimum requirement of 4.0 Tier 1 leverage capital is also mandated. In addition, the Company is required to maintain a minimum capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , in the form of common equity, in order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses. At December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank exceeded the minimum requirements for Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, total capital, and Tier 1 leverage capital, inclusive of the capital conservation buffer. See Note 19, "Regulatory Matters " within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more information regarding capital requirements. 

Investment Management 
 
 The Company's Investment Management Group provides investment management and trust services to individuals, institutions, small businesses, and charitable institutions. 
 
 Accounts maintained by the Investment Management Group consist of managed and nonmanaged accounts. Managed accounts are those for which the Bank is responsible for administration and investment management and/or investment advice, while nonmanaged accounts are those for which the Bank acts solely as a custodian or directed trustee. The Bank receives fees dependent upon the level and type of service(s) provided. The Investment Management Group generated gross fee revenues of 32.8 million, 31.6 million, and 27.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Total assets under administration as of December 31, 2022 were 5.8 billion, including 603.7 million of investment solutions designed by Rockland Trust that are administered and executed through its agreement with LPL Financial ("LPL"), compared to 5.7 billion and 372.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. The Company also has a subsidiary that is a registered investment advisor, Bright Rock Capital Management, LLC, which provides institutional quality investment management services to both institutional and high net worth clients. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, included in the assets under administration amounts above, there were 390.1 million and 447.4 million, respectively, relating to the Company's registered investment advisor. 
 
 The administration of trust and fiduciary accounts is monitored by the Trust Committee of the Bank s Board of Directors. The Trust Committee has delegated administrative responsibilities to three committees, one for investments, one for administration, and one for operations, all of which are comprised of Investment Management Group officers who meet no less than quarterly. 
 
 The Bank has an agreement with LPL and its affiliates and their insurance subsidiary, LPL Insurance Associates, Inc., to offer the sale of mutual fund shares, unit investment trust shares, general securities, advisory platforms, fixed and variable annuities and life insurance. Registered representatives who are both employed by the Bank and licensed and contracted with LPL are onsite to offer these products to the Bank s customer base. These same agents are also approved and appointed with various other Broker General Agents for the purposes of processing insurance solutions for clients. The retail investments and insurance group generated gross fee revenues of 4.1 million, 3.7 million, and 2.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Results of Operations 
 Table 18 - Summary of Results of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Net income 263,813 120,992 Diluted earnings per share 5.69 3.47 Return on average assets 1.33 0.81 Return on average equity 9.05 6.34 Stockholders' equity as of assets 14.96 14.78 Net interest margin 3.46 3.02 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Net Interest Income The amount of net interest income is affected by changes in interest rates and by the volume, mix, and interest rate sensitivity of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 On a fully tax-equivalent basis, net interest income was 617.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a 53.2 increase from net interest income of 402.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The year-over-year increase in net interest income was primarily attributable to the full year impact of the Meridian acquisition which closed during the fourth quarter of 2021, along with the positive impact of asset repricing in the rising rate environment in conjunction with relatively stable funding costs. 

The following table presents the Company s average balances, net interest income, interest rate spread, and net interest margin for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Nontaxable income from loans and securities is presented on a fully tax-equivalent basis by adjusting tax-exempt income upward by an amount equivalent to the prevailing federal income taxes that would have been paid if the income had been fully taxable. 
 Table 19 - Average Balance, Interest Earned/Paid Average Yields 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield Average Balance Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield Average Balance Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets Interest-earning deposits with banks, federal funds sold, and short term investments 1,222,434 14,385 1.18 1,864,346 2,494 0.13 748,419 847 0.11 Securities Securities - trading 3,764 3,344 2,481 Securities - taxable investments 2,948,358 50,354 1.71 1,795,199 30,477 1.70 1,164,439 30,133 2.59 Securities - nontaxable investments (1) 196 7 3.57 469 20 4.26 1,142 44 3.85 Total securities 2,952,318 50,361 1.71 1,799,012 30,497 1.70 1,168,062 30,177 2.58 Loans held for sale 4,774 172 3.60 34,056 856 2.51 44,521 1,218 2.74 Loans (2) Commercial and industrial 1,538,848 77,074 5.01 1,823,914 79,752 4.37 1,858,951 70,335 3.78 Commercial real estate (1) 7,807,427 326,593 4.18 4,702,346 185,908 3.95 4,070,462 171,013 4.20 Commercial construction 1,191,394 57,804 4.85 616,037 24,696 4.01 561,431 22,950 4.09 Small business 204,982 10,886 5.31 180,473 9,276 5.14 171,839 9,529 5.55 Total commercial 10,742,651 472,357 4.40 7,322,770 299,632 4.09 6,662,683 273,827 4.11 Residential real estate 1,831,493 63,443 3.46 1,286,470 46,279 3.60 1,435,655 53,876 3.75 Home equity 1,061,228 44,048 4.15 1,025,809 35,160 3.43 1,116,005 40,996 3.67 Total consumer real estate 2,892,721 107,491 3.72 2,312,279 81,439 3.52 2,551,660 94,872 3.72 Other consumer 31,986 2,114 6.61 23,885 1,668 6.98 25,195 2,055 8.16 Total loans 13,667,358 581,962 4.26 9,658,934 382,739 3.96 9,239,538 370,754 4.01 Total Interest-Earning Assets 17,846,884 646,880 3.62 13,356,348 416,586 3.12 11,200,540 402,996 3.60 Cash and Due from Banks 184,812 152,723 125,896 Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 7,134 10,283 15,843 Other Assets 1,858,210 1,335,193 1,263,332 Total Assets 19,897,040 14,854,547 12,605,611 Interest-bearing liabilities Deposits Savings and interest checking accounts 6,159,289 8,339 0.14 4,590,055 1,610 0.04 3,688,360 4,413 0.12 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Money market 3,489,981 11,683 0.33 2,516,871 1,930 0.08 2,041,853 6,166 0.30 Time certificates of deposits 1,310,442 4,630 0.35 936,046 4,787 0.51 1,155,399 16,754 1.45 Total interest bearing deposits 10,959,712 24,652 0.22 8,042,972 8,327 0.10 6,885,612 27,333 0.40 Borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 16,138 313 1.94 41,556 897 2.16 162,776 1,564 0.96 Long-term borrowings 2,235 31 1.39 21,072 331 1.57 54,082 1,176 2.17 Junior subordinated debentures 62,854 2,125 3.38 62,852 1,692 2.69 62,850 1,798 2.86 Subordinated debt 49,837 2,470 4.96 49,741 2,470 4.97 49,647 2,470 4.98 Total borrowings 131,064 4,939 3.77 175,221 5,390 3.08 329,355 7,008 2.13 Total interest-bearing liabilities 11,090,776 29,591 0.27 8,218,193 13,717 0.17 7,214,967 34,341 0.48 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 5,559,997 4,443,410 3,386,140 Other liabilities 330,371 284,679 304,957 Total liabilities 16,981,144 12,946,282 10,906,064 Stockholders equity 2,915,896 1,908,265 1,699,547 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 19,897,040 14,854,547 12,605,611 Net interest income (1) 617,289 402,869 368,655 Interest rate spread (3) 3.35 2.95 3.12 Net interest margin (4) 3.46 3.02 3.29 Supplemental Information Total deposits, including demand deposits 16,519,709 24,652 12,486,382 8,327 10,271,752 27,333 Cost of total deposits 0.15 0.07 0.27 Total funding liabilities, including demand deposits 16,650,773 29,591 12,661,603 13,717 10,601,107 34,341 Cost of total funding liabilities 0.18 0.11 0.32 
 (1) The total amount of adjustment to present interest income and yield on a fully tax-equivalent basis is 4.0 million, 1.3 million, and 927,000 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Includes average nonaccruing loans. 
 (3) Interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average costs of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (4) Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents certain information on a fully-tax equivalent basis regarding changes in the Company s interest income and interest expense for the periods indicated. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided with respect to changes attributable to (1) changes in rate (change in rate multiplied by prior year volume), (2) changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior year rate) and (3) changes in volume/rate (change in rate multiplied by change in volume) which is allocated to the change due to rate column: 
 Table 20 - Volume Rate Analysis 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 Compared To 2021 2021 Compared To 2020 2020 Compared To 2019 Change Due to Rate Change Due to Volume Total Change Change Due to Rate Change Due to Volume Total Change Change Due to Rate Change Due to Volume Total Change (Dollars in thousands) Income on interest-earning assets Interest-earning deposits, federal funds sold and short term investments 12,750 (859) 11,891 384 1,263 1,647 (16,177) 14,817 (1,360) Securities Taxable securities 300 19,577 19,877 (15,979) 16,323 344 (1,926) (346) (2,272) Nontaxable securities (1) (1) (12) (13) 2 (26) (24) (1) (21) (22) Total securities 19,864 320 (2,294) Loans held for sale 52 (736) (684) (76) (286) (362) 247 80 327 Loans Commercial and industrial 9,787 (12,465) (2,678) 10,743 (1,326) 9,417 (34,030) 30,157 (3,873) Commercial real estate 17,925 122,760 140,685 (11,652) 26,547 14,895 (28,243) 11,354 (16,889) Commercial construction 10,043 23,065 33,108 (486) 2,232 1,746 (9,014) 4,701 (4,313) Small business 350 1,260 1,610 (732) 479 (253) (900) 149 (751) Total commercial 172,725 25,805 (25,826) Residential real estate (2,442) 19,606 17,164 (1,999) (5,598) (7,597) (3,571) (1,928) (5,499) Home equity 7,674 1,214 8,888 (2,523) (3,313) (5,836) (9,650) (518) (10,168) Total consumer real estate 26,052 (13,433) (15,667) Total other consumer (120) 566 446 (280) (107) (387) (85) (76) (161) Loans (1) 199,223 11,985 (41,654) Total 230,294 13,590 (44,981) Expense of interest-bearing liabilities Deposits Savings and interest checking accounts 6,179 550 6,729 (3,882) 1,079 (2,803) (5,473) 1,520 (3,953) Money market 9,007 746 9,753 (5,670) 1,434 (4,236) (10,838) 1,869 (8,969) Time certificates of deposits (2,072) 1,915 (157) (8,786) (3,181) (11,967) 415 (1,346) (931) Total interest-bearing deposits 16,325 (19,006) (13,853) Borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings (35) (549) (584) 498 (1,165) (667) (2,479) (395) (2,874) Line of credit (104) (104) Long-term borrowings (4) (296) (300) (127) (718) (845) (782) (115) (897) Junior subordinated debentures 433 433 (106) (106) (423) (167) (590) Subordinated debt (5) 5 (5) 5 (144) (1,076) (1,220) Total borrowings (451) (1,618) (5,685) Total 15,874 (20,624) (19,538) Change in net interest income 214,420 34,214 (25,443) 
 (1) The table above reflects income determined on a fully tax equivalent basis. See footnotes to Table 19 above for the related adjustments. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Provision For Credit Losses The provision for credit losses represents the charge to expense that is required to maintain an adequate level of allowance for credit losses. The Company's provision for credit losses totaled 6.5 million, 18.2 million and 52.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The provision for credit losses recorded for 2022 was largely attributable to an additional reserve allocation associated with a large commercial and industrial credit that migrated to nonperforming status during 2022 as well as additional provisioning for net loan growth, partially offset by a stabilized credit environment and continued strong asset quality metrics. The elevated provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven primarily by the initial provision required to establish an allowance for credit losses on non-purchased deteriorated loans acquired from Meridian in 2021, while the 2020 provision was driven primarily by anticipated credit losses associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company s allowance for credit losses, as a percentage of total loans, was 1.09 , 1.08 and 1.21 at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 4, "Loans, Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality " within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report, for further details surrounding the primary drivers of the provision for credit losses during the period. 

Noninterest Income The following table sets forth information regarding noninterest income for the periods shown: 
 Table 21 - Noninterest Income 
 Years Ended December 31 Change 2022 2021 Amount (Dollars in thousands) Deposit account fees 23,370 16,745 6,625 39.6 Interchange and ATM fees 16,249 12,987 3,262 25.1 Investment management 36,832 35,308 1,524 4.3 Mortgage banking income 3,515 13,280 (9,765) (73.5) Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance policies 7,685 6,431 1,254 19.5 Gain on life insurance benefits 1,291 258 1,033 400.4 Loan level derivative income 2,932 3,257 (325) (10.0) Other noninterest income 22,793 17,584 5,209 29.6 Total 114,667 105,850 8,817 8.3 
 
 The primary reasons for significant variances in the noninterest income categories shown in the preceding table are noted below: 
 
 Deposit account fees and interchange and ATM fees increased year over year due primarily to increased transaction volume attributable to the larger customer base as a result of the Meridian acquisition. 
 
 Investment management revenue increased as a result of growth in overall assets under administration, which increased from 5.7 billion at December 31, 2021 to 5.8 billion at December 31, 2022, reflecting healthy new asset inflows and strong retail and insurance commission income, offset partially by a decline in market valuations. The income for 2022 was also inclusive of a one-time incentive of 649,000. 
 
 Mortgage banking income decreased in comparison to the prior year, due primarily to overall reduced activity resulting from increased interest rates, as well as elevated levels of new residential originations being retained in the Company's portfolio versus sold in the secondary market. 
 
 The cash surrender value of life insurance increased primarily due to the impact of policies acquired from Meridian. The Company also received elevated levels of proceeds on life insurance policies during 2022 resulting in an increase of 1.0 million compared to the prior year. 
 
 The changes in loan level derivative income primarily reflect customer demand during the respective periods. 
 
 Other noninterest income increased during the year, primarily due to increases in equipment rental income, gain on the sale of a closed branch facility which was consolidated in conjunction with the Meridian acquisition, discounted purchases of Massachusetts historical tax credits, and foreign currency exchange fees, offset partially by decreases in income from other investments, and income from like-kind exchanges. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest Expense The following table sets forth information regarding noninterest expense for the periods shown: 
 Table 22 - Noninterest Expense 
 Years Ended December 31 Change 2022 2021 Amount (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 204,711 172,586 32,125 18.6 Occupancy and equipment 49,841 36,265 13,576 37.4 Data processing and facilities management 9,320 6,899 2,421 35.1 FDIC assessment 6,951 3,980 2,971 74.6 Consulting 9,617 8,271 1,346 16.3 Amortization of intangible assets 7,655 5,715 1,940 33.9 Debit card expense 7,670 5,144 2,526 49.1 Merger acquisitions 7,100 40,840 (33,740) (82.6) Software maintenance 10,961 8,149 2,812 34.5 Other noninterest expense 59,836 44,680 15,156 33.9 Total 373,662 332,529 41,133 12.4 
 
 The primary reasons for significant variances in the noninterest expense categories shown in the preceding tables are noted below: 
 
 The increase in salaries and employee benefits in comparison to the prior year was primarily attributable to the Company's increased workforce base following the Meridian acquisition. 
 
 Occupancy and equipment expense increased year-over-year, primarily driven by costs associated with the Company's expanded branch network, real estate and other fixed assets resulting from the Meridian acquisition as well as increased depreciation on leased equipment. 
 
 Data processing and facilities management expenses increased primarily due to the timing of certain initiatives and general increases associated with higher transaction volumes. 
 
 FDIC assessment expense increased in comparison to the prior year due primarily to an increased assessment base following the Meridian acquisition. 
 
 Consulting expense increased year-over-year in conjunction with the Company's overall growth and implementation of strategic initiatives. 
 
 The Company incurred merger and acquisition costs related to the Meridian acquisition of 7.1 million during the first quarter of 2022, primarily related to lease terminations associated with exited branch locations, along with additional integration costs and professional fees. Merger and acquisition expenses in 2021 were also attributable to the Meridian acquisition and largely comprised of change-in-control contracts, severance, branch closure and conversion costs, contract terminations costs and other integration costs. 
 
 Software maintenance increased primarily due to the Company's continued investment in its technology infrastructure. 
 
 Other noninterest expenses increased year-over year due primarily to increased advertising costs, customer fraud reimbursements, unrealized losses on equity securities, internet banking costs, insurance, telecommunications, and postage costs. 

58 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes The tax effect of all income and expense transactions is recognized by the Company in each year s consolidated statements of income, regardless of the year in which the transactions are reported for income tax purposes. The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s tax provision and applicable tax rates for the periods indicated: 
 Table 23 - Tax Provision and Applicable Tax Rates 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Combined federal and state income tax provisions 83,941 35,683 31,669 Effective income tax rates 24.14 22.78 20.72 Blended Statutory tax rate 27.85 27.92 27.92 

The Company s effective tax rate for 2022 is higher as compared to the year ago period primarily due to higher pre-tax net income, as well as the impact of discrete items, such as provision to return adjustments, changes in uncertain tax positions, and excess benefits from equity compensation, which are subject to fluctuation year over year. The effective tax rates reported in the table above are lower than the blended statutory tax rates due to the aforementioned discrete items as well as certain tax preference assets such as life insurance policies, tax exempt bonds, and federal tax credits. 
 
 Additionally, the Company invests in various low-income housing projects which are real estate limited partnerships that acquire, develop, own and operate low and moderate-income housing developments. As a limited partner in these operating partnerships, the Company receives tax credits and tax deductions for losses incurred by the underlying properties. The investments are accounted for using the proportional amortization method and will be amortized over various periods through 2039, which represents the period that the tax credits and other tax benefits will be utilized. The total committed investment in these partnerships at December 31, 2022 was 197.1 million, of which 139.2 million has been funded. The Company recognized a net tax benefit of approximately 3.4 million for 2022 and anticipates additional net tax benefits of 26.2 million over the remaining life of the investments from the combination of tax credits and operating losses. 
 
 For additional information related to the Company's income taxes see Note 11, "Income Taxes" and Note 12, "Low Income Housing Project Investments" within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

Dividends The Company declared quarterly cash dividends totaling 2.08 per common share in 2022 and 1.92 per common share in 2021. The 2022 and 2021 ratio of dividends paid to earnings was 35.53 and 51.85 , respectively. 
 
 Since substantially all of the funds available for the payment of dividends are derived from the Bank, future dividends of the Company will depend on the earnings of the Bank, its financial condition, its need for funds, applicable governmental policies and regulations, and other such matters as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. 

Comparison of 2021 vs. 2020 For a discussion of our results for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please see Item 7. " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" i n our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 2 8 , 202 2 . 

Risk Management 
 
 The Board of Directors has approved an Enterprise Risk Management Policy to state the Company s goals and objectives in identifying, measuring, and managing the risks associated with the Company s current and near future anticipated size and complexity. Management is responsible for comprehensive enterprise risk management, and continually strives to adopt and implement practices that strike an appropriate balance between risk and reward and permit the achievement of strategic goals in a controlled environment. 
 
 The Company has implemented the three lines of defense enterprise risk management model. The first line of defense are the executives in charge of business units, operational areas, and corporate functions who, sometimes assisted by management committees, teams, and working groups, own and manage risks. The second line of defense monitors and provides risk management advice across all risk domains, and is comprised of the enterprise risk department, with oversight from the Chief Risk Officer. The third line of defense is independent assurance performed by the Chief Internal Auditor, who reports to the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors, and by the Company's internal audit department. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 The Board of Directors, with the assistance of its Risk Committee, oversees management s enterprise risk management practices. As risks must be taken to create value, the Board of Directors has approved a Risk Appetite Statement that defines the acceptable residual risk tolerances for the Company and the nine major risk types identified as having the potential to create significant adverse impacts on the Company, such as financial losses, reputational damage, legal or regulatory actions, failure to achieve strategic objectives, diminished customer experience, and/or cultural erosion. The nine major risk types identified by the Company and addressed in the Risk Appetite Statement are strategic and emerging risk, culture risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, operational risk, reputation risk, compliance risk, and technology risk, each of which is discussed below. 

Strategic and Emerging Risk Strategic and emerging risk is the risk arising from adverse strategic or business decisions, misalignment of strategic direction with the Company s mission and values, failure to execute strategies or tactics, or an inadequate adaptation or lack of responsiveness to industry and/or operating environment changes. Management seeks to mitigate strategic risk through strategic planning, frequent executive review of strategic plan progress, monitoring of competitors and technology, assessment of new products, new branches, and new business initiatives, customer advocacy, and crisis management planning. 

Culture Risk Culture risk is the risk arising from failed leadership and/or ineffective colleague engagement and workplace management that causes the Company to lose sight of core values and, through acts or omissions, damage the relationship-based culture that has been one of the foundations of the Company s consistent success. Management seeks to mitigate culture risk through effective employee relations, leadership that encourages continuous improvement, cultural development and reinforcement of core values, communication of clear ethical and behavioral standards, consistent enforcement of policies and programs, discipline of misbehavior, alignment of incentives and compensation, and by promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion. 

Credit Risk Credit risk is the risk arising from the failure of a borrower or a counterparty to a contract to make payments as agreed, and includes the risks arising from inadequate collateral and mismanagement of loan concentrations. While the collateral securing loans may be sufficient in some cases to recover the amount due, in other cases the Company may experience significant credit losses that could have an adverse effect on its operating results. The Company makes assumptions and judgments about the collectability of its loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of its borrowers and counterparties and the value of collateral for the repayment of loans. For further discussion regarding the credit risk and the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, see Note 4, Loans, Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report . 

Liquidity Risk Liquidity risk is the risk arising from the Company being unable to meet obligations when due. Liquidity risk includes the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in available funding levels. Liquidity risk also results from a failure to recognize or address market condition changes that affect the ability to liquidate assets quickly with minimal value loss. 
 
 The Company s primary sources of funds are deposits, borrowings, and the amortization, prepayment, and maturities of loans and securities. The Bank utilizes its extensive branch network to access retail customers who provide a base of in-market core deposits. These funds are principally comprised of demand deposits, interest checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts. Interest rates, economic conditions, and competitive factors greatly influence deposit levels. 
 
 The Company s primary measure of short-term liquidity is the Total Basic Surplus/Deficit as a percentage of assets. This ratio, which is an analysis of the relationship between liquid assets plus available Federal Home Loan Bank funding, less short-term liabilities relative to total assets, was within policy limits at December 31, 2022. The Total Basic Surplus/Deficit measure is affected primarily by changes in deposits, securities and short-term investments, loans, and borrowings. An increase in deposits, without a corresponding increase in nonliquid assets, will improve the Total Basic Surplus/Deficit measure, whereas, an increase in loans, with no increase in deposits, will decrease the measure. Other factors affecting the Total Basic Surplus/Deficit include Federal Home Loan Bank collateral requirements, securities portfolio changes, and the mix of deposits. 
 
 The Company seeks to increase deposits without adversely impacting its weighted average funding cost. As a result of PPP loan fundings, government stimulus programs, and a customer focus on retaining liquidity, the Company experienced significant deposit growth and a buildup of liquidity in recent years, which began to normalize and run off throughout 2022, contributing to an overall decline in deposit balances at December 31, 2022. However, the Company also maintains a variety of liquidity sources, including Federal Home Loan Bank advances, Federal Reserve borrowing capacity, and repurchase agreement lines. These funding sources serve as a contingent source of liquidity and, when profitable lending and investment opportunities exist, the Company may access them to provide the liquidity needed to grow the balance sheet. The amount and type of assets that the Company has available to pledge affects the Company's Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve borrowing capacity. For example, a prime one-to-four family residential loan may provide 75 cents of borrowing capacity for 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 every 1.00 pledged, whereas a pledged commercial loan may increase borrowing capacity in a lower amount. The Company s lending decisions, therefore, can also affect its liquidity position. 
 
 The Company may also have the ability to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or unsecured debt privately or publicly and has done so in the past. Additionally, the Company is able to enter into repurchase agreements or acquire brokered deposits at its discretion. The availability and cost of equity or debt on an unsecured basis is dependent on many factors, including the Company s financial position, the market environment, and the Company s credit rating. The Company monitors the factors that could affect its ability to raise liquidity through these channels. 

The table below shows current and unused liquidity capacity from various sources at the dates indicated: 
 Table 24 - Sources of Liquidity 
 December 31 2022 2021 Outstanding Additional Borrowing Capacity Outstanding Additional Borrowing Capacity (Dollars in thousands) Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings (1) 637 1,808,729 25,667 1,622,494 Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (2) 1,210,451 1,176,486 Unpledged securities 2,144,235 1,897,148 Line of Credit 85,000 85,000 Long-term borrowings (3) 14,063 Junior subordinated debentures (3) 62,855 62,853 Subordinated debt (3) 49,885 49,791 Reciprocal deposits (3) 653,638 998,121 Brokered deposits (3) 102,643 141,572 869,658 5,248,415 1,292,067 4,781,128 
 (1) Loans with a carrying value of 2.7 billion and 2.3 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been pledged to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston resulting in this additional borrowing capacity. 
 (2) Loans with a carrying value of 1.7 billion and 1.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been pledged to the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston resulting in this additional unused borrowing capacity. 
 (3) The additional borrowing capacity has not been assessed for these categories. 
 
 In addition to customary operational liquidity practices, the Board of Directors and management recognize the need to establish reasonable guidelines to manage a heightened liquidity risk environment. Catalysts for elevated liquidity risk can be Company-specific issues and/or systemic industry-wide events. Management is therefore responsible for instituting systems and controls designed to provide advanced detection of potentially significant funding shortages, establishing methods for assessing and monitoring risk levels, and instituting responses that may alleviate or circumvent a potential liquidity crisis. Management has established a Liquidity Contingency Plan to provide a framework to detect potential liquidity problems and appropriately address them in a timely manner. In a period of perceived heightened liquidity risk, the Liquidity Contingency Plan provides for the establishment of a Liquidity Crisis Task Force to monitor the potential for a liquidity crisis and execute an appropriate response. 

Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk is the risk arising from changes in interest rates and the value of investments due to market conditions or other external factors or events. Interest rate risk includes market risk. 
 
 Interest rate risk is the sensitivity of income to changes in interest rates. Interest rate changes, as well as fluctuations in the level and duration of assets and liabilities, affect net interest income, the Company s primary source of revenue. Interest rate risk arises directly from the Company s core banking activities. In addition to directly affecting net interest income, changes in the level of interest rates can also affect the amount of loans originated, the timing of cash flows on loans and securities, and the fair value of securities and derivatives, and have other effects. 
 
 Management strives to control interest rate risk within limits approved by the Board of Directors that reflect the Company s tolerance for interest rate risk over short-term and long-term horizons. The Company attempts to manage interest rate risk by identifying, quantifying, and, where appropriate, hedging exposure. If assets and liabilities do not re-price 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 simultaneously and in equal volume, the potential for interest rate exposure exists. It is the Company's objective to maintain stability in the growth of net interest income through the maintenance of an appropriate mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and, when necessary within limits management deems prudent, with off-balance sheet hedging instruments such as interest rate swaps, floors, and caps. 
 
 The Company quantifies its interest rate exposures using net interest income simulation models, as well as simpler gap analysis, and an Economic Value of Equity analysis. Key assumptions in these analyses relate to behavior of interest rates and behavior of the Company s deposit and loan customers. The most material assumptions relate to the prepayment of mortgage assets (including mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities) and the life and sensitivity of non-maturity deposits e.g. , demand deposit, negotiable order of withdrawal, savings, and money market accounts). In the case of prepayment of mortgage assets, assumptions are derived from published median prepayment estimates for comparable mortgage loans. The risk of prepayment tends to increase when interest rates fall. Since future prepayment behavior of loan customers is uncertain, interest rate sensitivity of loans cannot be determined with precision and actual behavior may differ from assumptions to a significant degree. 
 
 Based upon the net interest income simulation models, the Company anticipates that assets will re-price faster than liabilities. As a result, net interest income will be positively impacted as market rates increase and negatively impacted if market rates decrease. The Company runs several scenarios to quantify and effectively assist in managing interest rate risk, including instantaneous parallel shifts in market rates as well as gradual (12-24 months) shifts in market rates, and may also include other alternative scenarios as management deems necessary given the interest rate environment. The results of those scenarios are summarized in the following table: 
 
 Table 25 - Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 Year 1 Year 1 Parallel rate shocks (basis points) -300 (10.0) n/a -200 (5.7) n/a -100 (2.5) (4.5) +100 1.5 5.4 +200 2.4 11.4 +300 4.0 17.8 +400 5.5 23.9 Gradual rate shifts (basis points) -200 over 12 months (2.3) n/a -100 over 12 months (1.1) (1.6) +200 over 12 months 1.4 5.4 +400 over 24 months 1.4 5.4 Alternative scenarios Steep down 200 basis points scenario (0.5) n/a 
 
 The results depicted in the table above are dependent on material assumptions. For instance, asymmetrical rate behavior can have a material impact on the simulation results. If competition for deposits prompts the Company to raise rates on those liabilities more quickly than is assumed in the simulation analysis without a corresponding increase in asset yields, net interest income would be negatively affected. Alternatively, if the Company were able to lag increases in deposit rates as loans re-price upward, net interest income would be positively impacted. 
 
 The most significant market factors affecting the Company s net interest income during the year ended December 31, 2022 were the shape of the U.S. Government securities and interest rate swap yield curve, the U.S. prime, LIBOR, SOFR, and interest rates offered on long-term fixed rate loans. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

The Company manages the interest rate risk inherent in both its loan and borrowing portfolios by using interest rate swap agreements and interest rate caps and floors. An interest rate swap is an agreement in which one party agrees to pay a floating rate of interest on a notional principal amount in exchange for receiving a fixed rate of interest on the same notional amount for a predetermined period from the other party. Interest rate caps and floors are agreements where one party agrees to pay a floating rate of interest on a notional principal amount for a predetermined period to a second party if certain market interest rate thresholds are realized. While interest is paid or received in swap, cap, and floors agreements, the notional principal amount is not exchanged. The Company may also manage the interest rate risk inherent in its mortgage banking operations by entering into forward sales contracts under which the Company agrees to deliver whole mortgage loans to various investors. See Note 10," Derivatives and Hedging Activities " within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information regarding the Company s derivative financial instruments. 
 
 Movements in foreign currency rates or commodity prices do not directly or materially affect the Company's earnings. Movements in equity prices may have a modest impact on earnings by affecting the volume of activity or the amount of fees from investment-related business lines. See Note 3 , "Securities " within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

Operational Risk Operational risk is the risk arising from human error or misconduct, transaction errors or delays, inadequate or failed internal systems or processes, data unavailability, loss, or poor quality, or adverse external events. Operational risk includes fraud risk and model risk. Potential operational risk exposure exists throughout the Company. The continued effectiveness of colleagues and operational infrastructure are integral to mitigating operational risk, and any shortcomings subject the Company to risks that vary in size, scale and scope. 
 
 Reputation Risk Reputation risk is the risk arising from negative public opinion of the Company and the Bank. Management seeks to mitigate reputational risk through actions that include a structured process of customer complaint resolution and ongoing reputational monitoring. 

Compliance Risk Compliance risk is the risk arising from violations of laws or regulations, non-conformance with prescribed practices, internal bank policies and procedures, or ethical standards. Compliance risk includes consumer compliance risk, legal risk, and regulatory compliance risk. Management seeks to mitigate compliance risk through compliance training and regulatory change management processes. 

Technology Risk Technology risk is the risk of losses or other impacts arising from the failure of technology systems to function in accordance with expectations and business requirements. Technology risk includes information technology risk, information security risk, and cyber security. Technology risks include technical failures, unlawful tampering with technical systems, cyber security, terrorist activities, ineffectiveness or exposure due to interruption in third party support. Management seeks to mitigate technology risk through appropriate security and controls over data and its technological environment. 

Contractual Obligations, Commitments, Contingencies and Off-Balance Sheet Obligations 
 
 In the ordinary course of business the Company has entered into contractual obligations, commitments, residential loans sold with recourse and other off-balance sheet financial instruments. Refer to the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements in this report for further information and the expected timing of the applicable payments as of December 31, 2022. These include payments related to (i) borrowings (Note 8 - Borrowings ), (ii) lease obligations Note 17 - Leases), (iii) time deposits with stated maturity dates Note 7 - Deposits ), (iv) commitments to extend credit Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies ), (v) derivative positions Note 10 - Derivatives and Hedging Activities), and (vi) unfunded commitments on low income housing project investments Note 12 - Low Income Housing Project Investments). Also refer to Table 24 - Sources of Liquidity within Item 7 of this report for further details surrounding the Company's current and unused liquidity resources. 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 
 The consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto presented in Item 8 of this Report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP which requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. 
 
 The financial nature of the Company s consolidated financial statements is more clearly affected by changes in interest rates than by inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily fluctuate in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. However, inflation does affect the Company because, as prices increase, the money supply grows and interest rates are affected by inflationary expectations. The impact on the Company is a noted increase in the size of loan 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 requests with resulting growth in total assets. In addition, operating expenses may increase without a corresponding increase in productivity. There is no precise method, however, to measure the effects of inflation on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, any examination or analysis of the financial statements should take into consideration the possible effects of inflation. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. Certain estimates associated with these policies inherently have a greater reliance on the use of assumptions and judgments and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. These critical accounting estimates are defined as estimates made in accordance with GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on financial condition or results of operations. Management believes that the Company s most critical accounting policies and estimates upon which the Company s financial condition depends, and which involve the most complex or subjective decisions or assessments, are as follows: 

Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans Held for Investment The Company estimates the allowance for credit losses in accordance with the CECL methodology for loans measured at amortized cost. The allowance for credit losses is established based upon the Company's current estimate of expected lifetime credit losses. Arriving at an appropriate amount of allowance for credit losses involves a high degree of judgment. 
 
 The Company estimates credit losses on a collective basis for loans sharing similar risk characteristics using a quantitative model combined with an assessment of certain qualitative factors designed to address forecast risk and model risk inherent in the quantitative model output. Management's judgement is required for the selection and application of these factors which are derived from historical loss experience as well as assumptions surrounding expected future losses and economic forecasts. 
 
 Loans that no longer share similar risk characteristics with any pools of assets are subject to individual assessment and are removed from the collectively assessed pools to avoid double counting. For the loans that are individually assessed, the Company uses either a discounted cash flow DCF approach or a fair value of collateral approach. The latter approach is used for loans deemed to be collateral dependent or when foreclosure is probable. Changes in these judgements and assumptions could be due to a number of circumstances which may have a direct impact on the provision for loan losses and may result in changes to the amount of allowance. The allowance for credit losses is increased by the provision for credit losses and by recoveries of loans previously charged off. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management's assessments confirm that the Company will not collect the full amortized cost basis of a loan. 
 
 Management performs periodic sensitivity and stress testing using available economic forecasts in order to evaluate the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses under varying scenarios. Given the Company's benign loss history, the analyses performed have not resulted in a material change to the quantitative allowance but has informed management's determination of qualitative adjustments and act as corroborating evidence as to the appropriateness of the allowance as a whole. For additional discussion of the Company s methodology of assessing the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses, see Note 4, "Loans, Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality " within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes using two components of income tax expense, current and deferred. Current taxes represent the net estimated amount due to or to be received from taxing authorities in the current year. In estimating accrued taxes, management assesses the relative merits and risks of the appropriate tax treatment of transactions, taking into account statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of the Company s tax position. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future effects on income taxes that result from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, and carry-forwards that exist at the end of a period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates and provisions of the enacted tax law and are not discounted to reflect the time-value of money. The effect of any change in enacted tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are assessed for recoverability and the Company may record a valuation allowance if it believes based on available evidence that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets recognized will not be realized before their expiration. The amount of the deferred tax asset recognized and considered realizable could be reduced if projected income is not achieved due to various factors such as unfavorable business conditions. If projected income is not expected to be achieved, the Company may record a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that it believes can be realized in its future tax returns. Additionally, deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated based on tax rates expected to be in effect in future periods. Previously 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 recorded tax assets and liabilities need to be adjusted when the expected date of the future event is revised based upon current information. The Company may also record an unrecognized tax benefit related to uncertain tax positions taken by the Company on its tax returns for which there is less than a 50 likelihood of being recognized upon a tax examination. All movements in unrecognized tax benefits are recognized through the provision for income taxes. Taxes are discussed in more detail in Note 11, "Income Taxes" within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

Valuation of Investment Securities Securities that the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity are classified as securities held-to-maturity and are accounted for using historical cost, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount. Trading and equity securities are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in other noninterest income. All other securities are classified as securities available-for-sale and are carried at fair market value. The fair values of securities are based on either quoted market price or third party pricing services. In general, the third-party pricing services employ various methodologies, including but not limited to, broker quotes and proprietary models. Management does not typically adjust the prices received from third-party pricing services. Depending upon the type of security, management employs various techniques to analyze the pricing it receives from third-parties, such as reviewing model inputs, reviewing comparable trades, analyzing changes in market yields and, in certain instances, reviewing the underlying collateral of the security. Management reviews changes in fair values from period to period and performs testing to ensure that the prices received from the third parties are consistent with their expectation of the market. 
 
 Management determines if the market for a security is active primarily based upon the frequency of which the security, or similar securities, are traded. For securities which are determined to have an inactive market, fair value models are calibrated and to the extent possible, significant inputs are back tested on a quarterly basis. The third-party service provider performs calibration and testing of the models by comparing anticipated inputs to actual results, on a quarterly basis. Unrealized gains and losses on securities available-for-sale are reported, on an after-tax basis, as a separate component of stockholders equity in accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Recent Accounting Developments 
 
 See Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies " within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 See "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management" in Item 7 of this Report. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Independent Bank Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Independent Bank Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for credit losses 
 Description of the matter The Company s loan portfolio totaled 13.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the associated allowance for credit losses allowance was 152 million. As discussed in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates the allowance on a collective basis for loans sharing similar risk characteristics using a quantitative model based on probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default estimates, which are derived from internal historical default and loss experience, adjusted for economic forecasts. The output is then combined with an assessment of qualitative factors, including economic and business conditions, changes to collateral values and other external factors, which factors are designed to address forecast risk and model risk inherent in the quantitative model output. Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics are individually evaluated and an allowance is determined based on a discounted cash flow or the fair value of collateral. 
 Auditing the Company s allowance for credit losses was complex due to the quantitative modeling used and involved subjective judgment to evaluate management s determination of the qualitative risk factor adjustments and the allowance on individually evaluated loans described above. 
 
 How we addressed the matter in our audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s allowance process, which included, among others, controls over the appropriateness of the methodology, the development, operation and monitoring of the quantitative model, the reliability and accuracy of data used in developing the estimate, and management s review and approval process over the economic forecasts, qualitative adjustments, individually evaluated loans, and overall allowance result. 
 
 With the assistance of EY Specialists we tested management s quantitative model including evaluating the conceptual soundness of model methodology, assessing model performance and governance, and testing key modeling assumptions, including the reasonable and supportable forecast period. 
 
 To test the qualitative factors, among other procedures, we assessed management s methodology and considered whether relevant risks were reflected in the models and whether adjustments to the model output were appropriate. We tested the completeness, accuracy and relevance of the underlying data used to estimate the qualitative adjustments. We evaluated whether qualitative adjustments were reasonable based on changes in economic conditions, the loan portfolio, management s policies and procedures, and lending personnel. For example, we evaluated the reasonableness of qualitative adjustments for economic and business conditions, changes to collateral values and other external factors. We also assessed whether qualitative adjustments were consistent with publicly available information. Further, we performed an independent search for the existence of new or contrary information relating to risks impacting the qualitative adjustments to validate that management s considerations were appropriate. Additionally, we evaluated whether the overall allowance, inclusive of qualitative adjustments, appropriately reflected losses expected in the loan portfolio by comparing to peer bank data. 
 
 For the allowance on individually evaluated loans, we assessed management s use of either a discounted cash flow or fair value of collateral approach based on the nature of the loan. We evaluated the methodologies and the assumptions used by management in determining the likelihood of recoverability and valuation of the underlying collateral. Procedures performed included testing the completeness and accuracy of management s population and testing the calculation of the allowance on individually evaluated loans. 

/s/ We have served as the Company's auditor since 2009 February 28, 2023 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 INDEPENDENT BANK CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 December 31 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits with banks Securities Trading Equities Available for sale (amortized cost and 
 Held to maturity (fair value and 
 Total securities Loans held for sale (at fair value) Loans Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial construction Small business Residential real estate Home equity - first position Home equity - subordinate positions Other consumer Total loans Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans Federal Home Loan Bank stock Bank premises and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets Cash surrender value of life insurance policies Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Deposits Noninterest-bearing demand deposits Savings and interest checking accounts Money market Time certificates of deposit Total deposits Borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings Long-term borrowings Junior subordinated debentures (less unamortized debt issuance costs of and 
 Subordinated debentures (less unamortized debt issuance costs of and 
 Total borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock, par value; authorized: shares, outstanding: 
 Common stock, par value; authorized: shares, 
 issued and outstanding: shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (includes and shares of unvested participating restricted stock awards, respectively) 
 Value of shares held in rabbi trust at cost: shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Deferred compensation obligation Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Interest income Interest and fees on loans Taxable interest and dividends on securities Nontaxable interest and dividends on securities Interest on loans held for sale Interest on federal funds sold and short-term investments Total interest and dividend income Interest expense Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Deposit account fees Interchange and ATM fees Investment management Mortgage banking income Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance policies Gain on life insurance benefits Loan level derivative income Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expenses Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment expenses Data processing facilities management FDIC assessment Consulting expense Amortization of intangible assets Debit card expense Lease impairment Loss on sale of other equity investments Loss on termination of derivatives Merger and acquisition expense Software maintenance Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net Income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Weighted average common shares (basic) Common share equivalents Weighted average common shares (diluted) Cash dividends declared per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 INDEPENDENT BANK CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Net change in fair value of securities available for sale ) ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Net change in other comprehensive income for defined benefit postretirement plans ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 INDEPENDENT BANK CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock Outstanding Common Stock Value of Shares Held in Rabbi Trust at Cost Deferred Compensation Obligation Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Balance December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect accounting adjustment (1) Net income Other comprehensive income Common dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options, net of cash paid Stock based compensation Restricted stock awards issued, net of awards surrendered ) ) Shares issued under direct stock purchase plan Shares repurchased under share repurchase program ) ) ) ) Deferred compensation and other retirement benefit obligations ) Balance December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock issued for acquisition Proceeds from exercise of stock options, net of cash paid ) ) Stock based compensation Restricted stock awards issued, net of awards surrendered ) ) Shares issued under direct stock purchase plan Deferred compensation and other retirement benefit obligations ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock based compensation Restricted stock awards issued, net of awards surrendered ) ) Shares issued under direct stock purchase plan Shares repurchased under share repurchase program ) ) ) ) Deferred compensation and other retirement benefit obligations ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (1) million , net of tax) attributable to the change in accounting methodology for estimating the allowance for credit losses and million , net of tax) related to the reserve for unfunded commitments resulting from the Company's adoption of the standard. Amount shown in the table above is presented net of tax. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 INDEPENDENT BANK CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Cash flow from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Change in unamortized net loan costs and fees ) ) ) Amortization (accretion) of acquired loans ) ) Provision for credit losses Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net loss (gain) on equity securities ) ) Net (gain) loss on bank premises and equipment ) Lease impairment Loss on termination of derivatives Realized gain on sale leaseback transaction ) ) ) Stock based compensation Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance policies ) ) ) Gain on life insurance benefits ) ) ) Operating lease payments ) ) ) Change in fair value on loans held for sale ) Net change in: Trading assets ) ) ) Loans held for sale ) Other assets ) Other liabilities ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows used in investing activities Proceeds from sales of equity securities Purchases of equity securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities and principal repayments of securities available for sale Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities and principal repayments of securities held to maturity Purchases of securities held to maturity ) ) ) Net redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Investments in low income housing projects ) ) ) Purchases of life insurance policies ) ) ) Proceeds from life insurance policies Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Net cash acquired in business combinations Purchases of bank premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of bank premises and equipment Payments on early termination of hedging relationship ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities Net decrease in time deposits ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in other deposits ) Net repayments of short-term Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings ) ) Repayments of long-term Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings ) ) Repayments of long-term debt, net of issuance costs ) ) ) Net proceeds from exercise of stock options ) Restricted stock awards issued, net of awards surrendered ) ) ) Proceeds from shares issued under direct stock purchase plan Payments for shares repurchased under direct stock purchase plan ) ) 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Common dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Cash paid during the year for Interest on deposits and borrowings Income taxes Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities Net increase in capital commitments relating to low income housing project investments Recognition of operating lease at commencement and/or extension In conjunction with the Company's acquisitions, assets were acquired and liabilities were assumed as follows Common stock issued for acquisition Fair value of assets acquired, net of cash acquired Fair value of liabilities assumed 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

INDEPENDENT BANK CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 

74 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, , , and of the Bank's aggregate credit exposure, respectively, at December 31, 2022. Within these concentration categories, the Company believes it is well diversified among collateral property types and tenant industries. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company recognizes assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values as of the date of acquisition, with the related transaction costs expensed in the period incurred. The Company may use third party valuation specialists to assist in the determination of fair value of certain assets and liabilities at the acquisition date, including loans, core deposit intangibles and time deposits. While the Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the acquisition date, the estimates are inherently uncertain. The allowance for credit losses on purchased credit deteriorated ("PCD") loans is recognized within business combination accounting. The allowance for credit losses on non-PCD loans is recognized as a provision expense in the same period as the business combination. 

75 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

days or more past due with respect to principal or interest are classified as nonaccrual loans, or sooner if management considers such action to be prudent. However, loans that are days or more past due may be kept on an accruing status if the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. Income accruals are suspended on all nonaccrual loans in a timely manner and all previously accrued and uncollected interest is reversed against current income. A loan remains on nonaccrual status until it becomes current with respect to principal and interest (and in certain instances remains current for up to six months), the loan is liquidated, or when the loan is determined to be uncollectible and is charged-off against the allowance for credit losses. When doubt exists as to the collectability of a loan, any payments received are applied to reduce the amortized cost of the loan to the extent necessary to eliminate such doubt. For all loan portfolios, a charge-off occurs when the Company determines that a specific loan, or portion thereof, is uncollectible. This determination is made based on management's review of specific facts and circumstances of the individual loan, including assessing the viability of the customer s business or project as a going concern, the expected cash flows to repay the loan, the value of the collateral and the ability and willingness of any guarantors to perform. 
 
 In cases where a borrower experiences financial difficulties and the Company makes certain concessionary modifications to contractual terms, the loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring ("TDR"). Modifications may include adjustments to interest rates, extensions of maturity, consumer loans where the borrower's obligations have been effectively discharged 
 76 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

days past due and are placed on nonaccrual status. 

77 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

78 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

. 

79 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

80 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

81 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

82 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

83 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 
 
 shares of the Company's stock, with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. Total consideration of billion consisted of million shares of the Company's common stock issued, as well as million in cash paid for stock option cancellations and in lieu of fractional shares. In addition to increasing its loan and deposit base, the acquisition enabled the Company to provide a deeper product set to Meridian's customers, as well as benefit from increased operating synergies, which are expected to improve the long-term operating and financial results of the Company. 
 
 The Company accounted for the Meridian acquisition using the acquisition method pursuant to the Business Combinations Topic of the FASB ASC. Accordingly, the Company recorded pre-tax merger and acquisition expenses of million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 related to the Meridian acquisition. Additionally, the acquisition method requires the acquirer to recognize the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The Company used third party valuation specialists to assist in the determination of the fair value of certain assets and liabilities at the acquisition date, including loans, core deposit intangibles and time deposits. 
 
 Investments Loans (including loans held for sale) Allowance for credit losses on PCD loans ) Bank Premises and equipment Goodwill Core deposit and other intangibles Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Deposits Borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Purchase price 
 
 Fair value adjustments to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are generally amortized using either an effective yield or straight-line basis over periods consistent with the average life, useful life and/or contractual term of the related assets and liabilities. 
 
 Fair values of the major categories of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were determined as follows: 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 The fair values of cash and cash equivalents approximate the respective carrying amounts because the instruments are payable on demand or have short-term maturities. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, which was added to the amortized cost of the loans. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses on PCD loans ) Interest and liquidity premium Purchase price of PCD loans (at fair value) 
 
 For loans acquired without evidence of more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination, also referred to as non-PCD loans, the Company estimated an allowance for credit losses based on the Company's methodology for determining the allowance under CECL. The resulting allowance on non-PCD loans was million, which was recorded through a charge to provision for credit losses on the date of acquisition. 
 
 Premises and Equipment 
 
 The fair value of the premises, including land, buildings and improvements, was determined based upon appraisals by licensed real estate appraisers. The appraisals were based upon the best and highest use of the property with final values determined based upon an analysis of the cost, sales comparison and income capitalization approaches for each property appraised. 
 
 Lease Assets and Lease Liabilities 
 
 Lease assets and liabilities were measured using a methodology to estimate the future rental payments over the remaining lease term with discounting using the Company s incremental borrowing rate. The lease term was determined for individual leases based on the Company s assessment of the probability of exercising renewal options. The net effect of any off-market terms in a lease were also discounted and applied to the balance of the lease asset. 
 
 Core Deposit Intangible 
 
 The fair value of the core deposit intangible is derived by comparing the interest rate and servicing costs that the financial institution pays on the core deposit liability versus the current market rate for alternative sources of financing, while factoring in estimates over the remaining life and attrition rate of the deposit accounts. The intangible asset represents the stable and relatively low cost source of funds that the deposits and accompanying relationships provide the Company, when compared to alternative funding sources. 
 
 Deposits 
 
 The fair value of acquired savings and transaction deposit accounts was assumed to approximate the carrying value as these accounts have no stated maturity and are payable on demand. The fair value of time deposits was determined based on the present value of the contractual cash flows over the remaining period to maturity using a market interest rate. 
 85 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Net income 
 Included in the pro forma net income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 are merger-related costs of million, net of tax, recognized by the Company and Meridian, in the aggregate. These costs were primarily made up of severance, contract terminations due to the change in control, professional and legal fees, facilities conversion and termination costs and other integration costs. 

NOTE 3 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These securities are held in a rabbi trust and will be used for future payments associated with the Company's non-qualified 401(k) Restoration Plan and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 
 Equity Securities 
 
 The Company had equity securities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These securities consist primarily of mutual funds held in a rabbi trust and will be used for future payments associated with the Company s supplemental executive retirement plans. Less: net gains recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period Unrealized (losses) gains recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the reporting date ) 
 86 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) ) U.S. treasury securities ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) Agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) State, county, and municipal securities ) Single issuer trust preferred securities issued by banks Pooled trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurers ) ) Small business administration pooled securities ) Total available for sale securities ) ) 
 
 Excluded from the table above is accrued interest on available for sale securities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, the Company did record any write-offs of accrued interest income on available for sale securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Furthermore, securities held by the Company were delinquent on contractual payments nor were any securities placed on non-accrual status at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 When securities are sold, the adjusted cost of the specific security sold is used to compute the gain or loss on the sale. The Company had no sales of securities available for sale for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and therefore gains or losses were realized for the periods presented. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) ) ) U.S. treasury securities ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) State, county, and municipal securities ) ) Pooled trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurers ) ) Small business administration pooled securities ) ) ) Total impaired available for sale securities ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or longer Total # of holdings Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses U.S. government agency securities ) ) U.S. treasury securities ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) Agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Pooled trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurers ) ) Total impaired available for sale securities ) ) ) 
 
 The Company does not intend to sell these investments and has determined, based upon available evidence, that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell each security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. In addition, management does not believe that any of the securities are impaired due to reasons of credit quality. As a result, the Company did recognize a provision for credit losses on these investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company made this determination by reviewing various qualitative and quantitative factors regarding each investment category, such as current market conditions, extent and nature of changes in fair value, issuer rating changes and trends, volatility of earnings, and current analysts evaluations. 
 
 As a result of the Company s review of these qualitative and quantitative factors, the causes of the impairments listed in the table above by category were as follows at December 31, 2022: 
 U.S. Government Agency Securities, U.S. Treasury Securities, Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities, Agency Collateralized Mortgage Obligations and Small Business Administration Pooled Securities: These portfolios have contractual terms that generally do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the current par value of the investment. The decline in market value of these securities is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality. Additionally, these securities are implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. Government or one of its agencies. 
 88 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) ) U.S. treasury securities ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) Agency collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Single issuer trust preferred securities issued by banks Small business administration pooled securities ) Total held to maturity securities ) ) 
 
 Substantially all held to maturity securities held by the Company are guaranteed by the U.S. federal government or other government sponsored agencies and have a long history of no credit losses. As a result, management has determined these securities to have a zero loss expectation and therefore the Company did record a provision for estimated credit losses on any held to maturity securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Excluded from the table above is accrued interest on held to maturity securities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, the Company did record any write-offs of accrued interest income on held to maturity securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Furthermore, securities held by the Company were delinquent on contractual payments nor were any securities placed on non-accrual status at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 When securities are sold, the adjusted cost of the specific security sold is used to compute the gain or loss on the sale. The Company had no sales of held to maturity securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and therefore gains or losses were realized for such periods. 
 
 The Company monitors the credit quality of held to maturity securities through the use of credit ratings. Credit ratings are monitored by the Company on at least a quarterly basis. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, all held to maturity securities held by the Company were rated investment grade or higher. 
 89 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

U.S. treasury securities Agency mortgage-backed securities Agency collateralized mortgage obligations State, county, and municipal securities Pooled trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurers Small business administration pooled securities Total available for sale securities Held to maturity securities U.S. government agency securities U.S. Treasury securities Agency mortgage-backed securities Agency collateralized mortgage obligations Single issuer trust preferred securities issued by banks Small business administration pooled securities Total held to maturity securities Total 
 
 Included in the table above is million of callable securities at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The carrying value of securities pledged to secure public funds, trust deposits, repurchase agreements and for other purposes, as required or permitted by law, was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had investments in obligations of individual states, counties, or municipalities which exceeded 10 of stockholders equity. 
 90 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 4 
 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit loss expense ) ) ) ) Ending balance (1) Years Ended December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Commercial Construction Small Business Residential Real Estate Home Equity Other Consumer Total Allowance for credit losses Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Initial reserve on PCD loans Provision for credit loss expense ) ) ) ) Ending balance (1) Year Ended December 31, 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Commercial Construction Small Business Residential Real Estate Home Equity Other Consumer Total Allowance for credit losses Beginning balance, pre adoption of ASU 2016-13 Cumulative effect accounting adjustment (2) ) ) ) ) Cumulative effect accounting adjustment (3) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) Ending balance (1) 
 (1) Balances of accrued interest receivable excluded from amortized cost and the calculation of allowance for credit losses amounted to million, million, and million at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Represents adjustment needed to reflect the cumulative day one impact pursuant to the Company's adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 on January 1, 2020. The adjustment represents a million decrease to the allowance attributable to the change in accounting methodology for estimating the allowance for credit losses resulting from the Company's adoption of the standard. 
 million increase to the allowance resulting from the day one reclassification. 
 91 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million at December 31, 2022 increased by million, or from the prior year driven primarily by an additional reserve allocation associated with a single large commercial and industrial credit that migrated to nonperforming status during 2022, as well as additional provisioning for net loan growth, partially offset by a stabilized credit environment and continued strong asset quality metrics. 
 
 For the purpose of estimating the allowance for credit losses, management segregated the loan portfolio into the portfolio segments detailed in the above tables. Each of these loan categories possesses unique risk characteristics that are considered when determining the appropriate level of allowance for each segment. Some of the characteristics unique to each loan category include: 
 
 92 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

93 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Potential weakness Definite weakness - loss unlikely Partial loss probable Definite loss Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Pass Potential weakness Definite weakness - loss unlikely Partial loss probable Definite loss Total commercial real estate Commercial construction Pass Potential weakness Definite weakness - loss unlikely Partial loss probable Definite loss Total commercial construction Small business Pass Potential weakness Definite weakness - loss unlikely Partial loss probable Definite loss Total small business Residential real estate Pass Default Total residential real estate Home equity Pass Default 
 94 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other consumer Pass Default Total other consumer Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Revolving Loans Revolving converted to Term Total (1) (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and industrial Pass (2) Potential weakness Definite weakness - loss unlikely Partial loss probable Definite loss Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Pass Potential weakness Definite weakness - loss unlikely Partial loss probable Definite loss Total commercial real estate Commercial construction Pass Potential weakness Definite weakness - loss unlikely Partial loss probable Definite loss Total commercial construction Small business Pass Potential weakness Definite weakness - loss unlikely Partial loss probable Definite loss Total small business Residential real estate Pass Default Total residential real estate 
 95 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Default Total home equity Other consumer Pass Default Total other consumer Total 
 (1) Loans origination dates in the tables above reflect the original date, or the date of a material modification of a previously originated loan, for both organic originations and acquired loans. 
 (2) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 For the Company s consumer portfolio, the quality of the loan is best indicated by the repayment performance of an individual borrower. However, the Company does supplement performance data with current Fair Isaac Corporation FICO scores and Loan to Value LTV estimates. Current FICO data is purchased and appended to all consumer loans on a regular basis. In addition, automated valuation services and broker opinions of value are used to supplement original value data for the residential and home equity portfolios, periodically. 
 LTV (re-valued)(2) Home equity portfolio FICO score (re-scored)(1) LTV (re-valued)(2)(3) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 
 Unfunded Commitments 
 
 Management evaluates the need for a reserve on unfunded lending commitments in a manner consistent with loans held for investment. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's estimated reserve for unfunded commitments amounted to million and million. 
 
 Asset Quality 
 
 The Company s philosophy toward managing its loan portfolios is predicated upon careful monitoring, which stresses early detection and response to delinquent and default situations. Delinquent loans are managed by a team of collection specialists and the Company seeks to make arrangements to resolve any delinquent or default situation over the shortest possible time frame. As a general rule, loans days or more past due with respect to principal or interest are classified as nonaccrual loans. The Company also may use discretion regarding other loans days or more delinquent if the loan is well secured and/or in process of collection. 
 96 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million at December 31, 2022, compared to million at December 31, 2021 as granted deferrals continued to reach maturity. The majority of these loans with active deferrals continue to be characterized as current loans. In accordance with regulatory guidance, these modifications were not considered to be troubled debt restructurings ("TDRs") if they were performing prior to December 31, 2019. Additionally, a majority of these loans were characterized as current and therefore were not impacting nonaccrual or delinquency totals at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does, however, consider all active deferrals when estimating loss reserves. As loans reach their deferral maturity date, consideration of TDR and delinquency status will resume in accordance with the Company's accounting po licy. 
 
 Commercial real estate Small business Residential real estate Home equity Other consumer Total nonaccrual loans 
 million and million of nonaccruing TDRs at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively . 
 
 It is the Company's policy to reverse any accrued interest when a loan is put on nonaccrual status, and, as such, the Company did not record any interest income on nonaccrual loans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Recorded investment in mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property that are in the process of foreclosure 
 Commercial real estate Commercial construction Small business Residential real estate Home equity Other consumer (1) Total 
 
 97 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Commercial real estate Commercial construction Small business Residential real estate Home equity Other consumer (1) Total 
 (1) 
 million at December 31, 2022 compared to net deferred fees of at December 31, 2021. Net unamortized discounts on acquired loans included in the ending balance was million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 
 In the course of resolving nonperforming loans, the Bank may choose to restructure the contractual terms of certain loans. The Bank attempts to work out an alternative payment schedule with the borrower in order to avoid foreclosure actions. Exclusive of loans modified under provisions of the CARES Act, any loans that are modified are reviewed by the Bank to identify if a TDR has occurred, which is when, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Bank grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. Terms may be modified to fit the ability of the borrower to repay in line with its current financial status and the restructuring of the loan may include the transfer of assets from the borrower to satisfy the debt, a modification of loan terms, or a combination of the two. 
 
 TDRs on nonaccrual Total TDRs Additional commitments to lend to a borrower who has been a party to a TDR 
 
 The Company s policy is to have any restructured loan which is on nonaccrual status prior to being modified remain on nonaccrual status for six months subsequent to being modified before management considers its return to accrual status. If the restructured loan is on accrual status prior to being modified, it is reviewed to determine if the modified loan should remain on accrual status. Additionally, loans classified as TDRs are adjusted to reflect the changes in value of the recorded investment in the loan, if any, resulting from the granting of a concession. For all residential loan modifications, the borrower must perform during a 90 day trial period before the modification is finalized. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Commercial real estate Small business Total 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Number of Contracts Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Troubled debt restructurings (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Small business Total (1) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Number of Contracts Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Troubled debt restructurings (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Small business Residential real estate Total (1) 
 (1) The pre-modification and post-modification balances represent the legal principal balance of the loan. Activity presented in the tables above includes million, and million of modifications on existing TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Adjusted interest rate Combination rate and maturity Court ordered concession Total 
 99 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company considers a loan to have defaulted when it reaches days past due. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, there were no loans modified during the prior twelve months that subsequently defaulted during the respective periods. The Company determines the amount of allowance on accruing TDRs using a discounted cash flow approach, or a fair value of collateral approach if the loan is determined to be individually evaluated. The allowance on nonaccrual TDR's is estimated in accordance with the CECL methodology for loans measured on a collective basis. 
 100 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 5 
 
 n/a Bank premises - 
 Leasehold improvements - 
 Furniture and equipment - 
 Leased equipment Total cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net bank premises and equipment 
 
 Depreciation expense related to bank premises and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is primarily reflected in occupancy and equipment expenses. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The leased equipment is subject to a master lease agreement entered into during 2021 with a third party lessee and the Company assumes the role of lessor in the transaction, which is deemed an operating lease for accounting purposes. The Company recognized rental income of million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

NOTE 6 
 
 Balances subject to amortization Core deposit intangibles Other intangible assets Total other intangible assets Total goodwill and other intangible assets 
 
 Acquisitions Balance at end of year 

101 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) ) Other intangible assets ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 The original weighted average amortization period for intangible assets is years. 

102 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 7 
 
 Over 1 year to 2 years Over 2 years to 3 years Over 3 years to 4 years Over 4 years to 5 years Total 
 
 The amount of overdraft deposits that were reclassified to the loan category were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company had pledged assets as collateral covering certain deposits in the amount of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 8 
 
 million at December 31, 2021, with a contractual rate of . This borrowing matured during the third quarter of 2022 resulting in no outstanding short-term borrowings with the FHLB at December 31, 2022. To manage the interest rate risk of these advances, the Company may enter into interest rate swap agreements which effectively fixes the rate of the borrowing. Inclusive of the impact of these swap arrangements, the weighted average rate of the Company's borrowings at December 31, 2021 was . In addition to these short-term advances, the Company may also utilize longer term amortizing advances, of which and were outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had sufficient collateral at the FHLB to support its obligations and was in compliance with the FHLB's collateral pledging program. The Company s FHLB advances are collateralized by a blanket pledge agreement on the Bank s FHLB stock, certain qualified investment securities, deposits at the FHLB, residential mortgages, and by certain commercial real estate loans held in the Bank s portfolio. The carrying value of loans pledged as collateral for these borrowings totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, resulting in available borrowing capacity with the FHLB of billion and billion at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Junior subordinated debentures Capital Trust V Central Trust I Central Trust II Subordinated debentures Total long-term debt 
 
 The interest expense on long-term debt was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Long-term borrowings: The Company had no outstanding long-term borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and long-term borrowings of million as of December 31, 2021 related to a senior unsecured term loan credit facility entered into during 2019. The credit facility was re-paid in full during the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures : The junior subordinated debentures are issued to various trust subsidiaries of the Company. These trusts were formed for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities, which were then sold in a private placement offering. The proceeds from the sale of the securities and the issuance of common stock by these trusts were invested in these Junior Subordinated Debentures issued by the Company. These trust preferred securities bear interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR at December 31, 2022) plus applicable spread, or equivalent alternate rate. 
 
 3/15/2037 Central Trust I (1) 9/16/2034 Central Trust II (1) 3/15/2037 
 (1) These securities noted above are callable quarterly until maturity. 
 
 Subordinated Debentures : On March 14, 2019 the Company issued subordinated debentures with an aggregate principal amount of million in a private placement transaction to institutional accredited investors, which remained outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The subordinated debentures mature on March 15, 2029. However, with regulatory approval, the Company may redeem the subordinated debentures without penalty at any scheduled payment date on or after March 15, 2024 with 30 days notice. The subordinated debentures carry a fixed rate of interest of through March 15, 2024, after which interest converts to a variable rate of the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus 219 basis points, or equivalent alternate rate. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company held no borrowings scheduled to mature within the next 5 years. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 9 
 
 2018 Plan 
 
 Directors fee expense (2) Restricted stock awards Total stock based award expense Related tax benefits recognized in earnings 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 The Company has standard form agreements used for stock option and restricted stock awards. The standard form agreements used for the Chief Executive Officer and all other Executive Officers have previously been disclosed in Securities and Exchange Commission filings and generally provide that: (1) any unvested options or unvested restricted stock vest upon a Change of Control; and, that (2) any stock options which vest pursuant to a Change of Control, which is an event described in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, will be cashed out at the difference between the acquisition price and the exercise price of the stock option. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions used for grants under the identified plans: 
 Expected volatility is based on the standard deviation of the historical volatility of the weekly adjusted closing price of the Company s shares for a period equivalent to the expected life of the option. 
 Expected life represents the period of time that the option is expected to be outstanding, taking into account the contractual term, historical exercise/forfeiture behavior, and the vesting period, if any. 
 Expected dividend yield is an annualized rate calculated using the most recent dividend payment at time of grant and the Company s average trailing twelve-month daily closing stock price. 
 The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for a period equivalent to the expected life of the option. 
 Forfeitures on stock compensation are recognized when they occur. 
 105 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

awards granted by the Company of nonqualified options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 
 Under all of the Company s stock based plans, the option exercise price is based upon the average of the high and low trading value of the stock on the date of grant. Stock option awards granted to date under all plans expire at various dates through 2028. 
 
 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised Cash received from stock option exercises Tax benefit realized on stock option exercises 
 
 Granted Exercised Balance of options outstanding, vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 (2) years 
 (1) , which would have been received by in-the-money option holders had they all exercised their options as of that date. 
 (2) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, all outstanding stock option awards are vested and there is no unrecognized compensation expense related to those options. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 The Company grants both time-vested restricted stock awards as well as performance-based restricted stock awards. The fair value of the restricted stock awards are based upon the average of the high and low prices at which the Company s common stock traded on the date of grant. The holders of time-vested restricted stock awards participate fully in the rewards of stock ownership of the Company, including voting and dividend rights. The holders of performance-based restricted stock awards do not participate in the rewards of stock ownership of the Company until vested. The holders of all restricted stock awards are not required to pay any consideration to the Company for the awards. 

106 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2005 5/24/2022 2018 9/15/2022 2005 2021 2/18/2021 2005 5/25/2021 2018 9/1/2021 2018 2020 2/27/2020 2005 4/15/2020 2005 5/27/2020 2018 Performance-based 2/17/2022 2005 
 2/18/2021 2005 
 2/27/2020 2005 

107 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Granted Vested/released ) Forfeited (2) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) Unrecognized compensation cost (in thousands) (1) Weighted average remaining recognition period (years) years 
 (1) 
 (2) Forfeited amounts are inclusive of 7,450 performance-based shares that were not vested based on performance objective criteria results. 

NOTE 10 

108 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Current Rate Paid Receive Fixed Swap Rate Cap - Floor Interest rate collars on loans - 
 ) Total ) December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Rate Notional Amount Average Maturity Current Rate Received Pay Fixed Swap Rate Fair Value (in thousands) (in years) (in thousands) Interest rate swaps on borrowings ) Current Rate Paid Receive Fixed Swap Rate Interest rate swaps on loans Current Rate Paid Receive Fixed Swap Rate Cap - Floor Interest rate collars on loans - 
 Total 
 
 The maximum length of time over which the Company is currently hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments is years. 
 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedging instruments, the effective portion of the gains or losses is reported as a component of other comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The Company expects approximately million (pre-tax) to be reclassified as an increase to interest expense, from OCI related to the Company s cash flow hedges in the next twelve months following December 31, 2022. This reclassification is due to anticipated payments that will be made and/or received on the swaps based upon the forward curve at December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company accelerated the reclassification of a loss of approximately 
 684,000 from OCI to earnings as a result of the termination of one of its cash flow hedges. The Company exited the hedge 
 and paid off the associated borrowing in 2020. The Company did not terminate any of its cash flow hedges during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company had fair value hedges for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 109 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

110 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Pay fixed, receive variable Foreign exchange contracts Buys foreign currency, sells U.S. currency Buys U.S. currency, sells foreign currency ) Risk participation agreements Participation out Participation in ) Number of Positions (1) Notional Amount Maturing Less than 1 year Less than 2 years Less than 3 years Less than 4 years Thereafter Total Fair Value December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Loan level swaps Receive fixed, pay variable Pay fixed, receive variable ) Foreign exchange contracts Buys foreign currency, sells U.S. currency Buys U.S. currency, sells foreign currency ) Risk participation agreements Participation out Participation in ) 
 (1) 
 
 Mortgage Derivatives 
 
 The Company enters into commitments to fund residential mortgage loans at specified rates and times in the future, with the intention that loans will likely be sold subsequently in the secondary market. Mortgage loan commitments are referred to as derivative loan commitments if the loan that will result from exercise of the commitment will be held for sale upon funding. These commitments are recognized at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet in other assets and other liabilities with changes in their fair values recorded within mortgage banking income. In addition, the Company has elected the fair value option to carry loans held for sale at fair value. The change in fair value of loans held for sale is recorded in current period earnings as a component of mortgage banking income in accordance with the Company's fair value election. The change in fair value associated with loans held for sale was a decrease of , a decrease of million and an increase of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts were offset in earnings by the change in the fair value of mortgage derivatives. 
 111 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Balance Sheet Offsetting 
 
 The Company does not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments. The Company does net the amount recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral against the obligation to return cash collateral arising from derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty under a master netting arrangement. Collateral legally required to be maintained at dealer banks by the Company is monitored and adjusted as necessary. 
 
 A daily settlement occurs through the CME for changes in the fair value of centrally cleared derivatives. Not all of the derivatives are required to be cleared through the daily clearing agent. As a result, the total fair values of loan level derivative assets and liabilities recognized on the Company's financial statements are not equal and offsetting. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(3) (3) (4) (4) Derivatives not designated as hedges Customer Related Positions: Loan level derivatives (3) (3) (4) (4) Foreign exchange contracts Risk participation agreements Mortgage Derivatives Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale loan commitments Forward sale hedge commitments Total derivatives not designated as hedges Total Netting Adjustments (5) ) ) Net Derivatives on the Balance Sheet Financial instruments (6) Cash collateral pledged (received) Net Derivative Amounts 
 
 (1) . 
 (2) . 
 (3) million of accrued interest receivable is included in the fair value of the loan level asset derivatives at December 31, 2022, in comparison to accrued interest receivable of approximately million and million included in the fair value of interest rate and loan level derivative assets, respectively, at December 31, 2021. 
 (4) million and million of accrued interest payable is included in the fair value of interest rate and loan level derivative liabilities, respectively, at December 31, 2022, in comparison to accrued interest payable of approximately and million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 
 113 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) Gain reclassified from OCI into interest income or interest expense (effective portion) Loss reclassified from OCI into noninterest expense (loss on termination) ) Derivatives not designated as hedges Changes in fair value of customer related positions Other income Other expenses ) ) ) Changes in fair value of mortgage derivatives Mortgage banking income ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 The Company's derivative agreements with institutional counterparties contain various credit-risk related contingent provisions, such as requiring the Company to maintain a well-capitalized capital position. If the Company fails to meet these conditions, the counterparties could request the Company make immediate payment or demand that the Company provide immediate and ongoing full collateralization on derivative positions in net liability positions. All derivative instruments with credit-risk related contingent features were in a net asset position at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk related contingent features that were in a net liability position was million. Although none of the contingency provisions have applied at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company posted collateral to offset the net liability exposure with institutional counterparties at December 31, 2021. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s exposure relating to customer counterparties was approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Credit exposure may be reduced by the amount of collateral pledged by the counterparty. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 11 
 
 State Total current expense Deferred expense (benefit) Federal ) ) State ) ) Total deferred expense (benefit) ) ) Total expense 
 
 State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Low Income Housing Project Investments ) ) ) ) ) ) Nontaxable interest, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) ) ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in uncertain positions ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) ) ) CARES Act - net operating loss carryback (1) ) ) Change in valuation allowance Merger and other related costs (non-deductible) Other, net ) ) Total expense 
 
 (1) On March 27, 2020 the CARES Act was signed into law, allowing the Company to realize a million discrete tax benefit. This discrete benefit was associated with revised net operating loss (NOL) carryback provisions. The difference in enacted tax rates between the year of carryback versus carryforward resulted in a benefit recognized in income during the period that included the enactment date. Accordingly, the discrete benefit was fully recognized during the first quarter of 2020. 
 
 115 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Allowance for credit losses Derivatives fair value adjustment Employee and director equity compensation Foreign Tax Credit Carryforward Loan basis difference fair value adjustment Net operating loss carry-forward Net unrealized loss on securities available for sale Operating lease liability Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Core deposit and other intangibles Deferred loan fees, net Derivatives fair value adjustment Fixed assets Goodwill Prepaid pension Right of use asset Other Gross deferred tax liabilities Total net deferred tax asset 
 
 Deferred tax assets are to be reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The realization of the tax benefit depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income in future periods. 

116 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Reduction of tax positions for prior years ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Reduction of tax positions for prior years ) Increase for current year tax positions Balance at December 31, 2021 Reduction of tax positions for prior years ) Increase for prior year tax positions Increase for current year tax positions Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 and 604,000, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
 
 Expense (benefit) recognized in provision for income taxes ) Acquired obligation for interest and penalties (1) Ending Balance 
 
 117 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 12 
 
 Current recorded investment Unfunded liability obligation Tax credits and benefits earned during the year Amortization of investments during the year Net income tax benefit recognized during the year 

NOTE 13 

Contributions to the Fund are based on each individual employer s experience. The Company bears the market risk relating to the Pension Plan and will continue to fund the Pension Plan as required. The Pension Plan year is July 1 through June 30. The Company s total contributions to the Pension Plan did not represent more than of the total contributions to the Pension Plan as indicated in the Pension Plan s most recently available annual report dated June 30, 2022. The comparability 
 118 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2021 2020 
 
 In conjunction with the acquisition of Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc., parent of Blue Hills Bank (collectively, "BHB") in 2019, the Company acquired the Savings Banks Employees Retirement Association Pension Plan as adopted by BHB (the "BHB Plan"). The BHB Plan is administered by Savings Banks Employees Retirement Association ("SBERA") and was frozen on October 31, 2014. Accumulated benefits for participants earned through the end of October 2014 remain secured by the BHB Plan assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) Settlement payments Fair value of plan assets at end of year Change in benefit obligation: Benefit obligation at beginning of year Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Settlement payments Benefit obligation at end of year Funded status at end of year 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation was and , respectively. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Settlement gain ) Net period pension benefit ) ) 
 
 The discount rate used to determine net periodic pension cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to determine the net periodic pension cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . Assumptions with respect to the expected long-term rate of return are based on prevailing yields on high-quality, fixed-income investments increased by a premium for equity return expectations. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors voted to terminate the BHB Plan. As a result, the assets of the BHB plan were transferred to a money market account until the termination is approved by all regulatory bodies. Prior to all assets being held in a money market account and classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy, SBERA offered a common and collective trust as the underlying investment structure for pension plans participating in SBERA. As of December 31, 2021 the target allocation mix for the common and collective trust portfolio called for an equity-based investment range from to of total portfolio assets. The remainder of the portfolio was allocated to fixed income securities with a target range of to and other investments including global asset allocation and hedge funds from to . The Trustees of SBERA, through the Association's Investment Committee ("AIC"), selected investment managers for the common and collective trust portfolio. A professional investment advisory firm is retained by the AIC to provide allocation analysis, performance measurement and to assist with manager searches. The overall investment objective was to diversify equity investments across a spectrum of investment types to limit risks from large market swings. 
 
 Equity securities Mutual funds Total investments in the fair value hierarchy Investments measured at net asset value (1) 
 (1) 
 
 The fair value hierarchy above was received from SBERA, the plan administrator. The BHB Plan assets measured at fair value in Level 1 are based on quoted market prices in an active exchange market. BHB Plan assets measured at fair value in Level 2, as applicable, are based on pricing models that consider standard input factors such as observable market data, benchmark yields, interest rate volatilities, broker/dealer quotes, credit spreads and new issue data. BHB Plan assets measured at fair value in Level 3, as applicable, are based on unobservable inputs, which include the SBERA s assumptions and the best information available under the circumstance. 
 
 120 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 The Company s total defined benefit plan expense was , million, and million, for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans 
 
 The Bank maintains frozen defined benefit supplemental executive retirement plans ("SERP") for certain highly compensated employees designed to offset the impact of regulatory limits on benefits under qualified pension plans. The Bank also maintains defined benefit SERPs acquired from previous acquisitions. The Bank has established and funded rabbi trusts to accumulate funds in order to satisfy the contractual liability of these supplemental retirement plan benefits. These agreements provide for the Bank to pay all benefits from its general assets, and the establishment of these trust funds does not reduce nor otherwise affect the Bank s continuing liability to pay benefits from such assets except that the Bank s liability shall be offset by actual benefit payments made from the trusts. The related trust assets included in the Company's available for sale securities portfolio totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Benefits paid 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 121 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) ) Assets Liabilities ) ) ) Funded status at end of year ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") Net (gain) loss ) Prior service cost Amounts recognized in AOCI ) Information for plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets Projected benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation Net periodic benefit cost Service cost Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Recognized net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit cost Discount rate used for benefit obligation - 
 - 
 - 
 Discount rate used for net periodic benefit cost - 
 - 
 - 
 Rate of compensation increase n/a n/a n/a 
 
 Other Employee Benefits 
 
 The Bank may choose to create an incentive compensation plan for senior management and other officers to participate in at varying levels. In addition, the Bank may also pay a discretionary bonus to senior management, officers, and/or non-officers of the Bank. The expense for these incentive plans amounted to million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Bank has an Employee Savings Plan that qualifies as a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the Employee Savings Plan, participating employees may defer a portion of their earnings, not to exceed the Internal Revenue Service annual contribution limits. The Bank matches of each employee s contributions up to 
 122 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of the employee s eligible earnings. The 401(k) Plan incorporates an Employee Stock Ownership Plan for contributions invested in the Company s common stock. The Company also provides three defined contributions under this Plan, providing the employees are deemed eligible. To be eligible for these contributions, an employee must complete and hours of service. The defined contributions are made up of a safe harbor contribution, in which eligible employees receive a cash contribution of eligible earnings to the social security limit, a discretionary contribution in which eligible employees receive a cash contribution of eligible earnings up to the social security limit and a cash contribution of eligible earnings over the social security limit up to the maximum amount permitted by law. Benefits contributed to employees under this defined contribution plan vest immediately. The defined contribution plan expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company has a non-qualified deferred compensation plan which allows for deferrals of base salary and incentive payments until an elected distribution date in the future. This deferred compensation plan is available to certain highly compensated employees. Deferrals are invested at the election of the participant into one of the actively managed funds made available to the participant through the Company's Investment Management Group. The funds are held in a rabbi trust until the elected date of distribution. 
 
 The Company has a non-qualified 401(k) Restoration Plan ("Restoration Plan") for certain executive officers. The Restoration Plan is intended to contribute to each participant the amount of matching and discretionary contributions which would have been made to the existing Rockland Trust 401(k) plan on the participant's behalf, but were prohibited due to Internal Revenue Code limitations. Deferrals are invested at the election of the participant into one of the actively managed funds made available to the participant through the Company's Investment Management Group or in the Company's stock. These funds are held in a rabbi trust until the elected date of distribution. The Company recognized expense of , and related to this plan for services performed for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Also as part of the Peoples acquisition in 2015, the Company assumed various Salary Continuation Agreements with certain current and former senior executives. The agreements require the payment of specified benefits upon retirement over periods of ten or twenty years as described in each agreement. Expense related to the Salary Continuation Agreements was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Director Benefits 
 
 , , and , respectively. 

NOTE 14 
 
 123 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

124 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

125 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Equity securities Securities available for sale U.S. government agency securities U.S. treasury securities Agency mortgage-backed securities Agency collateralized mortgage obligations State, county, and municipal securities Pooled trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurers Small business administration pooled securities Loans held for sale Derivative instruments Liabilities Derivative instruments Total recurring fair value measurements, net Nonrecurring fair value measurements Assets Individually assessed collateral dependent loans (1) Total nonrecurring fair value measurements 
 126 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Equity securities Securities available for sale U.S. government agency securities U.S. treasury securities Agency mortgage-backed securities Agency collateralized mortgage obligations State, county, and municipal securities Single issuer trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurers Pooled trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurers Small business administration pooled securities Loans held for sale Derivative instruments Liabilities Derivative instruments Total recurring fair value measurements, net Nonrecurring fair value measurements Assets Individually assessed collateral dependent loans (1) Total nonrecurring fair value measurements 
 (1) 
 127 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

U.S. treasury securities Agency mortgage-backed securities Agency collateralized mortgage obligations Single issuer trust preferred securities issued by banks Small business administration pooled securities Loans, net of allowance for credit losses (b) Federal Home Loan Bank stock (c) Cash surrender value of life insurance policies (d) Financial liabilities Deposit liabilities, other than time deposits (e) Time certificates of deposits (f) Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings (f) Junior subordinated debentures (g) Subordinated debentures (f) 
 
 128 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

U.S. treasury securities Agency mortgage-backed securities Agency collateralized mortgage obligations Single issuer trust preferred securities issued by banks Small business administration pooled securities Loans, net of allowance for loan losses (b) Federal Home Loan Bank stock (c) Cash surrender value of life insurance policies (d) Financial liabilities Deposit liabilities, other than time deposits (e) Time certificates of deposits (f) Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings (f) Long-term borrowings (f) Junior subordinated debentures (g) Subordinated debentures (f) 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 
 This summary excludes certain financial assets and liabilities for which the carrying value approximates fair value. For financial assets, these may include cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and short-term investments. For financial liabilities, these may include federal funds purchased. These instruments would all be considered to be classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. Also excluded from the summary are financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis, as previously described. 
 
 The Company considers its financial instruments' current use to be the highest and best use of the instruments. 
 
 129 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 15 

Interchange fees ATM fees Investment management - wealth management and advisory services Investment management - retail investments and insurance revenue Merchant processing income Credit card income Other noninterest income Total noninterest income in-scope of ASC 606 Revenue Recognition Total noninterest income out-of-scope of ASC 606 Revenue Recognition Total noninterest income 
 
 In each of the revenue streams identified above, there were no significant judgments made in determining or allocating the transaction price, as the consideration and service requirements are generally explicitly identified in the associated contracts. Additional information related to each of the revenue streams is further noted below. 
 
 Deposit Account Fees 
 
 The Company offers various deposit account products to its customers governed by specific deposit agreements applicable to either personal customers or business customers. These agreements identify the general conditions and obligations of both parties, and include standard information regarding deposit account related fees. 
 
 Deposit account services include providing access to deposit accounts as well as access to the various deposit transactional services of the Company. These transactional services are primarily those that are identified in the standard fee schedule, and include, but are not limited to, services such as overdraft protection, wire transfer, and check collection. Revenue is recognized in conjunction with the various services being provided. For example, the Company may assess monthly fixed service fees associated with the customer having access to the deposit account, which can vary depending on the account type and daily account balance. In addition, the Company may also assess separate fixed fees associated with and at the time specific transactions are entered in to by the customer. As such, the Company considers its performance obligations to be met concurrently with providing the account access or completing the requested deposit transaction. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Investment Management - Retail Investments and Insurance Revenue 
 
 The Company offers the sale of mutual fund shares, unit investment trust shares, third party model portfolios, general securities, fixed and variable annuities and life insurance products through registered representatives who are both employed by the Company and licensed and contracted with various Broker General Agents to offer these products to the Company s customer base. As such, the Company performs these services as an agent and earns a fixed commission on the sales of these 
 131 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

132 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 16 ) Less: net security losses reclassified into other noninterest expense Net change in fair value of securities available for sale ) ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Less: net cash flow hedge gains reclassified into interest income or interest expense ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Net unamortized gain related to defined benefit pension and other postretirement adjustments arising during the period ) Amortization of net actuarial losses ) Amortization of net prior service costs ) Amortization of net settlement credits ) ) Net change in other comprehensive income for defined benefit postretirement plans (1) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Pre-Tax Amount Tax (Expense) Benefit After Tax Amount (Dollars in thousands) Change in fair value of securities available for sale ) ) Less: net security losses reclassified into other noninterest expense Net change in fair value of securities available for sale ) ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Less: net cash flow hedge gains reclassified into interest income or interest expense ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Net unamortized gain related to defined benefit pension and other postretirement adjustments arising during the period ) Amortization of net actuarial losses ) Amortization of net prior service costs ) Net change in other comprehensive income for defined benefit postretirement plans (1) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 133 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Less: net security losses reclassified into other noninterest expense Net change in fair value of securities available for sale ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) Less: net cash flow hedge gains reclassified into interest income or interest expense ) Less: loss on termination of hedge reclassified into noninterest expense ) ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) Net unamortized loss related to defined benefit pension and other postretirement adjustments arising during the period ) ) Amortization of net actuarial losses ) Amortization of net prior service costs ) Amortization of net settlement costs ) Net change in other comprehensive income for defined benefit postretirement plans (1) ) ) Total other comprehensive income ) 

) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Ending balance: December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Ending balance: December 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Ending balance: December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 

134 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 17 
 
 noncancellable operating lease agreements for office space, parking , space for ATM locations and certain branch locations, several of which contain renewal options to extend lease terms for a period of to years. The Company has no financing leases outstanding and no leases with residual value guarantees. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any material sub-lease agreements. 
 
 The Company's right-of-use asset related to operating leases totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is recognized in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet within other assets. 
 
 When a decision is made to exit a leased location, the Company may perform a review for lease impairment and/or recognize termination costs associated with the exit. As a result of such exited locations, the Company recognized million in termination costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, and impairment charges of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Exited locations related to the Meridian acquisition were recorded within merger and acquisition expense in the consolidated income statement. 
 
 Short-term lease costs Variable lease costs Total lease costs Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amount representing interest Present value of future minimum lease payments 

135 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 18 
 
 Loan exposures sold with recourse Standby letters of credit Deferred standby letter of credit fees 
 
 Other Contingencies 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Rockland Trust was involved in pending lawsuits that arose in the ordinary course of business. Management has reviewed these pending lawsuits with legal counsel and has taken into consideration the view of counsel as to their outcome. In the opinion of management, the final disposition of pending lawsuits is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

NOTE 19 
 
 136 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

N/A N/A Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to average assets) leverage N/A N/A Rockland Trust Company Total capital (to risk weighted assets) Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to average assets) leverage December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Independent Bank Corp. Total capital (to risk weighted assets) N/A N/A Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) N/A N/A Tier 1 capital (to average assets) N/A N/A Rockland Trust Company Total capital (to risk weighted assets) Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 
 
 In addition to the minimum risk-based capital requirements outlined in the table above, the Company is required to maintain a minimum capital conservation buffer, in the form of common equity, in order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses. The required amount of the capital conservation buffer is 2.5 . The Company's capital levels exceeded the minimum requirement plus the buffer of 2.5 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 137 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 Trust Preferred Securities 
 
 In accordance with the applicable accounting standard related to variable interest entities, the common stock of trusts which have issued trust preferred securities have not been included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million in trust preferred securities that have been included within total capital of the Company for regulatory reporting purposes pursuant to the Federal Reserve's capital adequacy guidelines. 
 
 For regulatory purposes, bank holding companies are allowed to include trust preferred securities in Tier 1 capital up to a certain limit. Provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act generally exclude trust preferred securities from Tier 1 capital, however, holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 15 billion at December 31, 2009, are able to permanently to include these instruments in Tier 1 capital, unless the Company crosses the consolidated assets threshold as a result of merger and acquisition activity. Accordingly, as the Company s 2021 acquisition of Meridian resulted in the crossing of 15 billion in its consolidated assets, its trust preferred securities were phased out of Tier 1 capital and included within Tier 2 capital as of December 31, 2021, in accordance with applicable regulatory guidance. All obligations under these trust preferred securities are unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 

NOTE 20 

138 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Investments in subsidiaries (2) Prepaid income taxes Deferred tax asset Other assets (2) Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Dividends payable Long-term borrowings Junior subordinated debentures (less unamortized debt issuance costs of and 
 Subordinated debentures (less unamortized debt issuance costs of and 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 (1) 
 . 
 Total income Expenses Interest expense Other expenses Total expenses Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit ) ) ) Income of parent company Equity (deficit) in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) Net income 

139 

Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities Amortization Deferred income tax expense Change in prepaid income taxes and other assets ) ) ) Change in other liabilities ) ) (Equity) deficit in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows provided by investing activities Net cash acquired in business combinations Net cash provided by in investing activities Cash flows used in financing activities Repayments of long-term debt, net of issuance costs ) ) ) Restricted stock awards issued, net of awards surrendered ) ) ) Net proceeds from exercise of stock options ) Proceeds from shares issued under the direct stock purchase plan Payments for shares repurchased under share repurchase program ) ) Common dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 

140 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 21 
 
 Loan advances (1) Loan payments/payoffs ) ) ) Reduction for retired directors and/or changes in director status ) Principal balance of loans outstanding at end of year 
 (1) The 2021 amount includes million of loans associated with a new director, which represent the outstanding loans balances at the effective date of appointment. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were loans to related parties which were past due, on nonaccrual status or that had been restructured as part of a troubled debt restructuring. 
 
 Deposits 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of deposit balances of related parties totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 Lease Commitments 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were material leases with related parties. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets of the Company; 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 
 
 Based on our assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP (PCAOB Auditor Firm ID: ), has issued a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which appears below: 

142 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Independent Bank Corp. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Independent Bank Corp. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Independent Bank Corp. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Assessment on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 28, 2023 
 143 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement relating to its May 18, 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "2023 Proxy Statement"), which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under the headings of "Board of Director Information - Current Board Members," "Board of Director Information - Corporate Governance Information," "Board of Director Information - Shareholder Director Nominations and Recommendations," "Board of Director Information - Report of the Audit Committee," "Executive Officer Information - Executive Officers," and "Stock Ownership and Other Matters - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports." 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings of "Executive Officer Information" and "Board of Director Information - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation." 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 about the securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans, consisting of the 2005 Employee Stock Plan and the 2018 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan. The Company s shareholders previously approved each of these plans and all amendments that were subject to shareholder approval. The Company has no other equity compensation plans that have not been approved by shareholders. 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 Equity Compensation Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Plans approved by security holders 20,000 56.18 537,503 (1) Plans not approved by security holders TOTAL 20,000 56.18 537,503 
 (1) There are 275,860 shares available for future issuance under the 2005 Employee Stock Plan and there are 261,643 shares available for future issuance under the 2018 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan. Shares under the 2005 and 2018 Plans may be issued as stock options or restricted stock awards. 

144 

Table of Contents 

Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On October 20, 2022, the Company announced the commencement of a new share repurchase program which authorizes repurchases by the Company of up to 120 million in common stock. Repurchases under the new program may be made from time to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. The extent to which the Company repurchases shares and the size and timing of these repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including pricing, market and economic conditions, the Company s capital position and amount of retained earnings and legal and contractual requirements. The repurchase program is scheduled to expire October 19, 2023 and may be modified, suspended or discontinued without prior notice at any time. 
 
 The information required herein under Item 403 of Regulation S-K regarding the security ownership of management and certain beneficial owners is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading "Stock Ownership and Other Matters." 
 145 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings of "Board of Director Information - Related Party Transactions" and "Board of Director Information - Director Independence." 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading "Proposals to be Voted upon at the Annual Meeting - Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Proposal 2)." 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents Filed as Part of this Report 
 (1) The following financial statements are incorporated herein by reference from Item 8 hereto: 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Consolidated statements of stockholders equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto. 
 (3) The exhibits that are filed as part of this Report, are list below in the Exhibits Index. 
 (b) The exhibits that are filed as part of this Report are listed below in the Exhibits Index. 
 (c) All schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related notes. 

146 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits Index 
 
 No. Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated April 22, 2021 by and among Independent Bank Corp., Bradford Merger Sub Inc., Rockland Trust Company, Meridian Bancorp. Inc. and East Boston Savings, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2021 . 
 3.1 Restated Articles of Organization, as adopted July 16, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2015 . 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as adopted October 19, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2017 . 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate, incorporated herein by reference to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992, filed on March 29, 1993 (paper filing). 4.2 Indenture of Registrant relating to the Junior Subordinated Debt Securities issued to Independent Capital Trust V, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on February 28, 2007 . 
 4.3 Forms of Capital Securities Purchase Agreements for Independent Capital Trust V, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on February 28, 2007. 
 4.4 Form of Certificate of Junior Subordinated Debt Security for Independent Capital Trust V (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.13 to From 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on February 27, 2007). 
 4.5 Form of Certificate of Capital Security for Independent Capital Trust V (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.15 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on February 27, 2007) . 
 4.6 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust for Independent Capital Trust V, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on February 28, 2007. 
 4.7 Guarantee Agreement relating to Independent Capital Trust V, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed on February 28, 2007. 
 4.8 Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, by and between Independent Bank Corp. and U.S. Bank National Association, as the issuing and paying agent, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2019 . 
 4.9 Form of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2029, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2019 . 
 4.10 Independent Bank Corp. 2014 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Form S-3 filed on October 28, 2020 .# 
 4.11 Description of Securities, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on February 27, 2020. 
 10.1 Independent Bank Corp. Deferred Compensation Program for Directors (restated as amended as of December 1, 2000), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 29, 2001 . # 
 10.2 Independent Bank Corp. and Rockland Trust Company 2019 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on February28, 2019 . # 
 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Independent Bank Corp. and certain Directors, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 201 8 , filed on February 28, 2019 . # 
 10.4 Rockland Trust Company Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.8 to Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2008 .# 
 10.5 Rockland Trust Company Employee Savings, Profit Sharing and Stock Ownership Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-8 filed on April 16, 2010 .# 
 10.6 Rockland Trust Company Third Amended and Restated 401(k) Restoration Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2018. # 
 10.7 Independent Bank Corp. and Rockland Trust Company Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2018 . # 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Employment Agreements by and between Gerard F. Nadeau and Rockland Trust, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2008 . # 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Edward H. Seksay and the Company and/or Rockland Trust, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2008 (SEC File No. 001-09047). # 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 10.10 Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreements by and between each of Barry H. Jensen and Rockland Trust and Robert D. Cozzone and Rockland Trust dated September 5, 2013, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, filed on November 6, 2013. # 
 10.11 Employment Agreement between Mark J. Ruggiero and Rockland Trust, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2019 . # 
 10.12 Employment Agreement between Jeffrey J. Tengel, Independent and Rockland Trust, incorpor ated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2023 . # 
 10.13 Letter Agreement regarding Succession and Consulting Services by and between Christopher Oddleifson and Independent Bank Corp. Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2023 . # 
 10.14 Independent Bank Corp. 2017 Executive Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 filed on May 4, 2017. # 
 10.15 Independent Bank Corp. Second Amended and Restated 2005 Employee Stock Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to the Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 25, 2014. # 
 10.16 Form of Stock Option Agreement for the Company's Chief Executive Officer, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2005 .# 
 10.17 Form of Stock Option Agreement for the Company's Executive Officers, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2005 .# 
 10.18 Form of Chief Executive Officer Time Vesting Restricted Stock Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022 . # 
 10.19 Form of Independent Bank Corp. Executive Officer Time Vesting Restricted Stock Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2022 . # 
 10.20 Independent Bank Corp. 2018 Nonemployee Director Stock Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-8 filed on May 18, 2018. # 
 10.21 Independent Bank Corp. 2018 Restricted Stock Agreement for Nonemployee Director, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed on February 28, 2019 . # 
 10.22 Independent Bank Corp. 2010 Nonemployee Director Stock Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2010. # 
 10.23 Independent Bank Corp. Stock Option Agreement for Nonemployee Director, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2010. # 
 10.24 Independent Bank Corp. Restricted Stock Agreement for Nonemployee Director, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2010. # 
 10.25 Master Data Processing Services Agreement dated and effective as of May 15, 2012 between Rockland Trust Company and Q2 Software, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K/A filed on July 18, 2012. ++ 
 10.26 Information Technology Services Agreement by and between Fidelity Information Services, LLC and Independent Bank Corp., effective as of January 1, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K/A filed on March 6, 2015. ++ 
 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Independent Bank Corp incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020 .+ 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.1 Section 906 Certification of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .+ 
 32.2 Section 906 Certification of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .+ 
 101 The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 + Furnished herewith 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 ++ Confidential treatment has been granted for certain portions of this exhibit pursuant to a confidential treatment order granted by the SEC. The omitted portions have been separately filed with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None 
 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 I NDEPENDENT B ANK C ORP . 
 /s/ JEFFREY J. TENGEL Jeffrey J. Tengel, 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Date: February 28, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each person whose signature appears below hereby makes, constitutes and appoints Jeffrey J. Tengel and Mark J. Ruggiero and each of them acting individually, such person's true and lawful attorneys, with full power to sign for such person and in such person s name and capacity indicated below any and all amendments to this Form 10-K, hereby ratifying and confirming such person s signature as it may be signed by said attorneys to any and all amendments. 
 
 150 

/s/ JEFFREY J. TENGEL Director, CEO/President Date: February 28, 2023 Jeffrey J. Tengel (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ DONNA L. ABELLI Director and Chairman of the Board Date: February 28, 2023 Donna L. Abelli /s/ MARK J. RUGGIERO CFO (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Date: February 28, 2023 Mark J. Ruggiero /s/ WARREN Q. FIELDS Director Date: February 28, 2023 Warren Q. Fields /s/ MICHAEL P. HOGAN Director Date: February 28, 2023 Michael P. Hogan /s/ KEVIN J. JONES Director Date: February 28, 2023 Kevin J. Jones /s/ MARY L. LENTZ Director Date: February 28, 2023 Mary L. Lentz /s/ EILEEN C. MISKELL Director Date: February 28, 2023 Eileen C. Miskell /s/ JOHN J. MORRISSEY Director Date: February 28, 2023 John J. Morrissey /s/ JAMES O'SHANNA MORTON Director Date: February 28, 2023 James O'Shanna Morton /s/ GERARD F. NADEAU Director Date: February 28, 2023 Gerard F. Nadeau /s/ DANIEL F. O BRIEN Director Date: February 28, 2023 Daniel F. O Brien /s/ SUSAN PERRY O'DAY Director Date: February 28, 2023 Susan Perry O'Day /s/ CHRISTOPHER ODDLEIFSON Director Date: February 28, 2023 Christopher Oddleifson /s/ SCOTT K. SMITH Director Date: February 28, 2023 Scott K. Smith /s/ THOMAS R. VENABLES Director Date: February 28, 2023 Thomas R. Venables 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 indb12-31x202210xkexx231.htm
 EX-23.1 - CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-249705) pertaining to the Independent Bank Corp. 2014 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-174991) pertaining to the Independent Bank Corp. Amended and Restated 2005 Employee Stock Plan 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-167046) pertaining to the Independent Bank Corp. 2010 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-225034) pertaining to the Independent Bank Corp. 2018 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-166124) pertaining to The Rockland Trust Company Employee Savings, Profit Sharing, and Stock Ownership Plan 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-126986) pertaining to the Independent Bank Corp. 2005 Employee Stock Plan 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-203525) pertaining to the Rockland Trust Company Amended and Restated 401(k) Restoration Plan 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-258753) of Independent Bank Corp. 
 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Independent Bank Corp., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Independent Bank Corp., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Independent Bank Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311-indb1231202210x.htm
 EX-31.1 - CEO 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jeffrey J. Tengel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Independent Bank Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s JEFFREY J. TENGEL Jeffrey J. Tengel Chief Executive Officer President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312-indb12x31x20221.htm
 EX-31.2 - CFO 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mark J. Ruggiero, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Independent Bank Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s MARK J. RUGGIERO Mark J. Ruggiero Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321-indb12x31x20221.htm
 EX-32.1 - CEO 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Independent Bank Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the undersigned s best knowledge and belief 
 (a) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 28, 2023 
 
 Independent Bank Corp. Company s JEFFREY J. TENGEL Jeffrey J. Tengel Chief Executive Officer President 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Independent Bank Corp. and will be retained by Independent Bank Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322-indb12x31x20221.htm
 EX-32.2 - CFO 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Independent Bank Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the undersigned s best knowledge and belief 
 (a) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 28, 2023 
 
 Independent Bank Corp. Company s MARK J. RUGGIERO Mark J. Ruggiero Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Independent Bank Corp. and will be retained by Independent Bank Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 indb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 indb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 indb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 indb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 indb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

