<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1768446_0000950170-23-006279.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12371080</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>458209</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1561332</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5836922</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1614086</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2617327</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006279.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306164842
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006279
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eliem Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001768446
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				832273741
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40708
		FILM NUMBER:		23709580

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23515 NE NOVELTY HILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B221 #125
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98053
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-276-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23515 NE NOVELTY HILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE B221 #125
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98053

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006279.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 elym-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

G 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: -ELIEMTX 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Trading 

Title of each class 
 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

(The Nasdaq Global Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the market value of voting stock h eld by non-affiliates of the Registrant was million. The calculation of the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting stock excludes certain shares of the Registrant s common stock held by current executive officers, directors and stockholders that the Registrant has concluded are affiliates of the Registrant. Exclusion of such shares should not be construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the Registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the Registrant. 
 As of February 28, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 24 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 71 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 71 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 71 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 71 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 72 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 72 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 73 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 82 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 83 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 109 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 109 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 110 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 111 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 112 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 112 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 112 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 112 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 112 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 113 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 116 

1 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and the information incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations, financial condition, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, might, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, project, believe, estimate, predict, potential, intend or continue, the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the success, cost and timing of our product development activities, preclinical studies and anticipated clinical trials; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates; 

our ability to successfully commercialize any of our products that are approved; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of our products; 

the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, if approved for commercial use, and our ability to serve those markets; 

our estimates of our expenses, ongoing losses, future revenues, capital requirements and our needs for or ability to obtain additional financing; 

the sufficiency of our capital resources to fund operations for the time periods referenced; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products and product candidates; 

the ability to scale up manufacturing of our product candidates to commercial scale; 

our ability to successfully establish and successfully maintain appropriate collaborations; 

our reliance on third parties to conduct our clinical trials; 

our reliance on third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture and supply our product candidates for us; 

our ability to identify and develop new products and product candidates; 

our ability to enroll patients in our clinical trials at the pace that we project; 

our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to develop and commercialize our product candidates; 

the potential effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our clinical development and business; 

our financial performance; and 

developments and projections relating to our competitors or our industry. 

You should refer to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Risk Factors for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. New risk factors may emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements. 
 You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments. 
 2 

In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe that information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 3 

Risk Factor Summary 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception, anticipate that we will incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, and may never achieve or maintain profitability. We had an accumulated deficit of 120.9 million and 75.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

We expect to rely on capital markets, and to a lesser extent, U.K. research and development tax credits and incentives, for additional funding to conduct our future clinical trials and to complete development and commercialization of our product candidates. If we are unable to access capital when needed, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our clinical development programs or commercialization efforts. 

We have never generated any revenue from product sales, and we may never generate revenue or be profitable. 

Our business substantially depends upon the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of ETX-123. 

Preclinical and clinical development involves a lengthy, complex and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and the results of our clinical trials may not satisfy the requirements of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 

We have never commercialized a product candidate and we may lack the necessary expertise, personnel and resources to successfully commercialize any of our products that receive regulatory approval on our own or together with collaborators. 

We face significant competition from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and other research organizations and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including by failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials or failing to comply with regulatory requirements. 

We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to manufacture our clinical and ultimately commercial product supply. Those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including by failing to meet product specifications, required demand or cost-efficient scale levels. 

If we are unable to obtain, maintain and protect sufficient patent and other intellectual property rights for our product candidates and technology, or if the scope of patent and other intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business. 

4 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Company Overview 
 We are a biotechnology company focused on developing novel therapies for neuronal excitability disorders to address unmet needs in psychiatry, epilepsy, chronic pain, and other disorders of the peripheral and central nervous systems. These disorders often occur when neurons are overly excited or inhibited, leading to an imbalance, and our focus is on restoring homeostasis. We are developing clinically differentiated product candidates focused on validated mechanisms of action with broad therapeutic potential to deliver improved therapeutics for patients with these disorders. 
 We focus on the development of product candidates whose mechanisms of action have been clinically validated. By clinically validated, we mean there are product candidates with these mechanisms of action that have demonstrated statistical significance on efficacy endpoints in published randomized, controlled clinical trials. We leverage the deep expertise of our team to generate new chemical entities (NCEs) based on these clinically validated mechanisms of action that we believe have the potential to be clinically differentiated and enhance patient outcomes. Our product candidates are focused on addressing neuronal excitability disorders with large, well-defined markets, where clinical and regulatory endpoints are clearly established and development pathways are precedented, yet current therapies leave patients with efficacy, safety or tolerability challenges. Our strategy is to initially pursue indications for each of our product candidates where the clinical translatability of the mechanism of action has been well established and, upon demonstrating clinical proof of concept, evaluate additional indications to maximize the value of each program. We believe these principles favorably position us to bring novel therapeutics to patients living with challenging disorders while maximizing our probability of clinical development, regulatory and commercial success. 
 Our lead program is ETX-123, a Kv7.2/3 potassium channel opener. Kv7.2/3 has been clinically validated as a therapeutic target for both epilepsy and pain, with further encouraging clinical data in depression. The first generation Kv7 channel opener, ezogabine (Potiga), was approved for refractory focal onset seizures in 2011 in both the United States (U.S.) and in Europe (where it was known as retigabine, or Trobalt). Flupirtine (Katadolon) was another first generation Kv7.2/3 opener that provided clinical validation and was used in Europe as a treatment for acute pain. These molecules showed clinical efficacy but subsequently had to be withdrawn from the market due to safety issues. Our ETX-123 lead candidate is an NCE designed to harness the efficacy of the Kv7.2/3 channel mechanism while attempting to improve the safety and tolerability relative to earlier molecules, based on our insights into the mechanisms of toxicity and the potency and selectivity profile. We have initiated investigational new drug (IND)-enabling studies for ETX-123 and plan to initiate Phase 1 studies in the first half of 2024. In addition, we are pursuing further preclinical exploration of several compounds from the same chemical series. 
 In February 2023, due to a challenging capital environment and investor sentiment around the GABA A PAM opportunity in major depressive disorder (MDD), we paused further investment in the development of our clinical-stage program, ETX-155, which is an investigational, oral, neuroactive steroid NCE that is designed to act as a positive allosteric modulator (PAM) of the GABA A receptor (GABA A R). The GABA A PAM neuroactive steroid class has been clinically validated in depression and epilepsy, with Sage Therapeutics recent submission of a new drug application (NDA) for the neuroactive steroid, zuranolone, for the treatment of MDD and postpartum depression (PPD) following successful Phase 3 trials, and Marinus Therapeutics receiving approval from the U.S. FDA for its neuroactive steroid, ganaxolone (ZTALMY in cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 deficiency disorder (CDD), a rare pediatric seizure disorder. 
 ETX-155 was designed to have dual potency at both synaptic and extrasynaptic GABA A receptors. ETX-155 has also shown differentiated pharmacokinetic properties relative to other neuroactive steroids, including no clinically meaningful food effect, an approximate 40-hour half-life to enable once-a-day dosing, and higher exposures than zuranolone at the 60-milligram dose that had been planned for Phase 2a. Results from our 7-day and 14-day Phase 1 repeat dose clinical trials demonstrated favorable tolerability data at exposure levels that are consistent with dosing levels that achieved robust activity in preclinical models of depression, anxiety and epilepsy. Based on our preclinical and clinical work to date, ETX-155 has the potential to be pursued in clinical development in MDD, with indication expansion opportunities in epilepsy and anxiety disorders. We have received clearance of our IND application filed with the psychiatry division of the FDA to support a potential Phase 2 clinical trial in MDD that may be conducted in the future by Eliem or a strategic partner. 
 5 

We own the rights to our product candidates through both acquisitions and internal research and development efforts. With respect to ETX-155, in October 2020, we acquired 100 of the share capital of Athenen Therapeutics, Inc., which included In-Process Research and Development (IPR D) related to the ETX-155 program. Following these acquisitions, we have continued the in-house clinical-stage development of the ETX-155 program. Our preclinical Kv7 program has been developed by us in-house since inception. 
 Our Approach 
 We follow several key principles to guide our research and development efforts that we believe will enable us to efficiently bring clinically differentiated therapies to market to help millions of people suffering from central nervous system (CNS) disorders: 
 Focus on clinically validated mechanisms of action in CNS indications with well-defined regulatory pathways. We concentrate our research and development efforts on opportunities within the broad range of neuronal excitability disorders, where there has been prior clinical validation for the mechanism of action or pathway and where significant unmet need exists due to efficacy and safety limitations of existing therapies. By focusing on products with mechanisms of action that have clinical validation, we believe we can reduce the clinical translational risk of our product candidates while leveraging our extensive neuroscience drug development expertise to develop products that have the potential to meaningfully improve clinical outcomes. 

Establish clinical differentiation for our product candidates. We leverage the deep chemistry, neuroscience and manufacturing expertise of our team to generate NCEs which we believe can be clinically differentiated and enhance patient outcomes. We intend to improve on efficacy, safety and tolerability limitations of existing therapies that impact patient convenience, compliance and clinical outcomes. We aim to deliver therapeutic candidates with optimal pharmacological properties that make them both clinically differentiated and commercially attractive. 

Develop products that have broad therapeutic potential . We believe that the biological pathways that are involved in many neuronal excitability disorders are related, and therefore, therapies that effectively address these pathways may be applicable in multiple CNS disorders. Our strategy for each product candidate is to initially pursue tractable indications where the clinical translatability of the mechanism of action has been validated and where we believe a commercial opportunity exists for a clinically differentiated product. Upon positive results from proof-of-concept trials, we intend to pursue additional indications where we believe our product candidates mechanisms may be relevant, to maximize the potential for each product candidate. 

Maximize and protect value through a strong global intellectual property portfolio. We have a rigorous strategy to establish and protect the intellectual property rights for our programs, all of which are wholly owned, to allow us to maximize the therapeutic and commercial potential of our pipeline. This strategy includes seeking patent protection in the United States and other jurisdictions for our product candidates, each of which is an NCE. Our portfolio includes numerous filings with multiple different sets of claims that cover proprietary aspects of our lead programs and their use. For our Kv7 program, we have a pending patent application which includes claims directed to compositions, methods of use, and manufacturing processes for ETX-123 and related compounds. For ETX-155, we have issued patents in the United States with coverage to at least 2039. We will continue to leverage new discoveries in the development of our programs to strengthen the breadth and depth of our intellectual property. 

Our Strategy 
 To execute our approach, we plan to implement the following key strategies: 
 Continue to innovate in our Kv7 program and advance ETX-123 into clinical trials in multiple neuronal excitability indications. We are currently developing a preclinical-stage program, ETX-123, a novel Kv7.2/3 channel opener for potential treatment of neuronal excitability disorders such as epilepsy, pain, depression, and others. This program is based on a clinically validated mechanism of action with multiple prior approved molecules in the class for epilepsy and acute pain, and another in late-stage clinical development for epilepsy. Previous studies have also demonstrated encouraging activity of Kv7 openers in clinical trials for mood disorders and neuropathic pain indications. Our aim is to discover and develop proprietary NCEs that improve upon first-generation molecules based on our novel chemical insights and in-depth understanding of the biology and selectivity required to yield drugs with favorable safety and efficacy profiles. Our ETX-123 has a novel chemical structure completely distinct from other Kv7 openers and has demonstrated an excellent potency and selectivity profile, which we believe has the potential to result in meaningful clinical differentiation. We have commenced IND-enabling studies for ETX-123, and plan to initiate Phase 1 studies in the first half of 2024. 

6 

Apply our expertise to expand our lead programs into additional indications representing compelling commercial opportunities. Our team includes established industry leaders in the field of neuroscience. Through our clinical trials, we intend to enhance our understanding of the mechanism of action for our specific product candidates, and in general our understanding of the biological pathways leading to neuronal inhibition and excitation imbalances to maximize the value of our product candidates. Utilizing this enhanced understanding informed by our initial clinical trials, we plan to evaluate multiple potential indications for ETX-123. We intend to explore a wide-range of compelling opportunities in both psychiatry and neurology, including potentially epilepsy disorders, anxiety disorders, depression, bipolar disorder, and others. 

Pursue regulatory approvals for our product candidates and commercialize them in key markets. We plan to build a fully integrated biotechnology company capable of executing registrational trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and commercializing our drugs globally. We expect to build a focused and efficient medical affairs and commercial organization to help bring our product candidates to patients around the world. Given the potential broad applicability of our product candidates in large patient populations globally, we may also opportunistically enter strategic partnerships with reputable biopharmaceutical companies, with established presence in key markets, to address the unmet needs of patients worldwide and maximize the overall value of our product candidates. 

Kv7.2/3 Program 
 Our lead program is a preclinical, next-generation Kv7.2/3 channel opener being developed for potential use in multiple neuronal excitability conditions including epilepsy, pain, depression, and others. Kv7.2/3 is a heteromeric voltage-gated potassium channel comprised of Kv7.2 and Kv7.3 subunits (Kv7.2/3) that plays an important role in controlling neuronal excitability by stabilizing the membrane potential and inhibiting action potential firing of neuronal cells. Kv7.2/3 has genetic validation as a target for epilepsy, as loss-of-function mutations in the genes encoding for Kv7.2 and Kv7.3, KCNQ2 and KCNQ3, have been shown to be responsible for a rare epilepsy disorder in newborns that is characterized by impaired gating of the Kv7.2/3 channel and hyperexcitation of neurons. 
 In addition to its genetic validation, Kv7.2/3 has been clinically validated as a therapeutic target for both epilepsy and pain. The first generation Kv7 channel opener, ezogabine (Potiga), was approved for refractory focal onset seizures in 2011 in both the United States and in Europe (where it was known as retigabine, or Trobalt). Flupirtine (Katadolon), a close analogue of ezogabine/retigabine, was another first generation Kv7.2/3 opener that provided clinical validation of the Kv7 mechanism and has been used in Europe as a treatment for pain since the 1980s. Despite demonstrating compelling efficacy in epilepsy and pain, ezogabine/retigabine and flupirtine were removed from the market in 2017 and 2018, respectively, due to emergent unexpected safety concerns. In the case of ezogabine, an accumulation of blue pigment in the skin and eye was identified, raising concerns of potential vision loss, while flupirtine was associated with severe liver toxicity, including cases of acute liver failure. With both of these first generation Kv7 openers, the safety concerns have been hypothesized to be driven by the chemistry of the molecules, rather than being target-related adverse effects. Xenon Pharmaceuticals Kv7 targeted agent, XEN1101, an analogue of retigabine, has also reported positive data in a Phase 2b study in focal onset seizure in October 2021, providing further clinical validation for this mechanism. XEN1101 is also being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with MDD. 
 We have used a combination of both ligand-based and structure-based design approaches to develop novel Kv7.2/3 opener compounds that potentially eliminate the toxicity liabilities associated with the first generation Kv7.2/3 openers, while retaining strong activity and selectivity. We have designed several lead series based on novel chemistry and have selected a lead clinical candidate, ETX-123. The ETX-123 molecule displays potent activation of Kv7.2/3 in vitro with an approximately 0.7 nM EC50, and about 14,000-fold selectivity for Kv7.2/3 subtypes over the Kv7.4 subtype that is predominantly expressed in bladder smooth muscle and cardiac muscle. In addition, in vitro studies of ETX-123 have demonstrated no genotoxicity risk and no significant off-target effects, including no activity at GABA A receptors which has been previously described for ezogabine/retigabine. We believe the ETX-123 program has the potential to be highly differentiated from previously approved Kv7 openers as well as other Kv7 openers in development, with its novel chemical composition, high potency combined with high selectivity, lack of off-target activity, and reduced potential for metabolic safety liabilities. 
 7 

Initial preclinical in vivo data for the ETX-123 molecule is provided in Figure 1. 
 
 Figure 1. Initial ETX-123 preclinical in vivo data demonstrates a 7-fold separation between the dose that inhibits tonic convulsions in the rat MES model (2 mg/kg) and the dose that induces CNS side effects in the rat rotarod model (14 mg/kg). 
 ETX-123 is being advanced into toxicology studies in 2023, with a plan to progress into Phase 1 studies in the first half of 2024. In addition to ETX-123, we are exploring several other members of this chemical series to identify potential backup Kv7 candidates which may be developed in the same or different indications as ETX-123. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology industry is characterized by rapid technological advancement, significant competition and an emphasis on intellectual property. We face potential competition from many different sources, including major and specialty pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, therapeutics and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with current therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective or more convenient or have fewer or less severe side effects than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA, European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we do. We believe that the key competitive factors affecting the success of any of our product candidates will include efficacy, safety profile, convenience, cost, the level of branded and generic competition, market access and reimbursement by payors, level of promotional activity devoted to them and intellectual property protection. 
 For the treatment of epilepsy, we may face competition from a variety of currently marketed therapies such as generic anticonvulsants, sodium channel modulators and benzodiazepines. Additionally, there are next-generation therapies in development harnessing the previously mentioned mechanisms of action, such as XEN901 being co-developed by Xenon Pharmaceuticals and Neurocrine Biosciences. Furthermore, there are multiple compounds that have been recently approved or are in late-stage development for focal onset seizures, including cenobamate (XCOPRI ), which was developed by SK Life Sciences and was approved by the FDA in November 2019, the Kv7.2/3 openers XEN1101, currently in Phase 3 for focal onset seizures (FOS), being developed by Xenon Pharmaceuticals, and BHV-7000, currently in Phase 1, being developed by Biohaven. 
 We expect to face competition from existing products and products in development. In addition to those described above, there may be other earlier stage clinical programs that, if approved, would compete with our product candidates. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales and supply resources or experience than we do. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical industry may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances made in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these fields. Our success will be based in part on our ability to build and actively manage a portfolio of drugs that addresses unmet medical needs and creates value in patient therapy. 
 8 

Intellectual Property 
 Our commercial success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates and any associated novel discoveries, drug development technologies and know-how; to operate without infringing on or otherwise violating the proprietary rights of others; and to prevent others from infringing or otherwise violating our proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position for our product candidates by, among other methods, filing and acquiring U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications related to our products and other proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 
 Our intellectual property estate is designed to provide multiple layers of protection, including: (1) patents and patent applications with claims directed to our product candidates; (2) patent applications with claims directed to methods of treatment using our product candidates; and (3) patent applications with claims directed to innovative formulations. 
 While we seek to cover our product candidates and their use in our issued patents and pending patent applications, there is always a risk that a modification of the product or its use may allow a competitor to avoid infringement claims. In addition, patents, if granted, expire, and we cannot provide any assurance that any patents will be issued from our pending or any future applications or that any issued patents will adequately protect our products. 
 Kv7 Program . For our Kv7 program, we have a pending Great Britain patent application which includes claims directed to compositions, methods of use, and manufacturing processes for ETX-123 and related compounds. 
 ETX-155 . Our intellectual property portfolio covering ETX-155 includes two issued U.S. patents, a first with method claims covering use of the composition of matter to treat an anxiety disorder, depression, or a seizure disorder; and a second with composition claims covering a controlled release formulation of ETX-155. The portfolio additionally includes two pending international patent applications under the Paris Cooperation Treaty (PCT) that preserve our future right to file these PCT international applications into individual foreign countries and an allowed U.S. application with method claims covering uses of the composition of matter to treat sleep disorders. The issued U.S. patents and any future patents claiming priority thereto are expected to expire in September 2039, excluding any patent term extensions or adjustments that may be granted. Any foreign patents that issue claiming priority to the international application are expected to expire in September 2040. In the last year, we also filed multiple U.S. provisional applications covering methods of treatment and formulations of ETX-155. 
 Patent Protection and Terms 
 Individual patents extend for varying periods depending on the date of filing of the patent application or the date of patent issuance and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, patents issued from regularly filed applications in the United States are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can be adjusted to recapture a portion of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), delay in issuing the patent, and extended to recapture a portion of the patent term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period of the drug covered by the patent. However, as to the FDA component, the restoration period cannot be longer than five years, the total patent term including the restoration period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval of the drug, and the extension may only apply to one patent that covers the approved drug (and to only those patent claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it). There can be no assurance that any such patent term adjustment or extension will be obtained. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by-product basis, from country to country, and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 
 Furthermore, the patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical products and processes like those we intend to develop and commercialize are generally uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in such patents has emerged to date in the United States. The patent situation outside the United States is even more uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries can diminish our ability to protect our inventions and enforce our intellectual property rights, can make it easier to challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of any patents that may issue, and, more generally, could affect the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. 
 9 

Third-Party Patent Filings 
 Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing products. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be applications unknown to us, which may later result in issued patents that our products or proprietary technologies may infringe. Moreover, we may be aware of patent applications, but incorrectly predict the likelihood of those applications issuing with claims of relevance to us. 
 Under U.S. law, a person may be able to patent a discovery of a new way to use a previously known compound, even if such compound itself is patented, provided the newly discovered use is novel and non-obvious. Such a method-of-use patent, however, if valid, only protects the use of a claimed compound for the specified methods claimed in the patent. This type of patent does not prevent persons from using the compound for any previously known use of the compound. Further, this type of patent does not prevent persons from making and marketing the compound for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. 
 Trade Secrets and Other Protections 
 In addition to the protections afforded by patents and other regulatory protections, we may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets to protect our technology. Trade secrets may be useful to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable or which we elect not to patent. Trade secrets may also be useful for processes or improvements for which patents are difficult to enforce. We also protect our products and proprietary technology through confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, advisors, contractors and collaborators. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with a third party. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. 
 Infringement of Third-Party Proprietary Rights 
 Our commercial success will depend in part on not infringing upon or otherwise violating the intellectual property and proprietary rights of third parties. If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could also be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing product or technology. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our products or force us to cease some of our business operations. For more information regarding these risks, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property. 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We currently source all of our nonclinical and clinical compound supply through third-party contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs). 
 For clinical supply, we use CDMOs who are obligated to act in accordance with the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs), for the manufacture of drug substance and product. We expect to rely on third parties for our manufacturing processes and the production of all clinical supply drug substance and drug product and currently expect to continue to do so for commercial supplies of our product candidates, if approved. We use additional contract manufacturers to fill, label, package, store and distribute our investigational drug products and currently expect to continue to do so for commercial supplies of our product candidates, if approved. It is our intent to identify and qualify additional manufacturers to provide active pharmaceutical ingredient and fill-and-finish services prior to submission of an NDA to the FDA for any product candidates that complete clinical development. 
 10 

Government Regulation 
 The FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in state and local jurisdictions and in other countries impose substantial and burdensome requirements upon companies involved in the clinical development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of prescription drugs, such as those we are developing. These agencies and other federal, state and local entities regulate, among other things, the research and development, testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and export and import of drug products and product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 U.S. Government Regulation of Drug Products 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and its implementing regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as the FDA s refusal to approve pending NDAs, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties brought by the FDA and the Department of Justice (DOJ) or other governmental entities. 
 The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 Completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s good laboratory practice (GLP) regulations; 
 Submission to the FDA of an IND which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

Approval by an independent institutional review board (IRB) at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; 

Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practice (GCP), requirements to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product for each indication; 

Submission to the FDA of an NDA; 

Satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 

Satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

Satisfactory completion of FDA audits of clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCPs and the integrity of the clinical data; 

Payment of user fees and securing FDA approval of the NDA, including agreement to compliance with any post-approval requirements; and 

Compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS), and the potential requirement to conduct post-approval studies. 

11 

Preclinical studies 
 Before testing any drug or biological product candidate, including our product candidates, in humans, the product candidate must undergo rigorous preclinical testing. Preclinical studies generally include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as animal studies to assess potential toxicity, which support subsequent clinical testing. Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a product candidate in the United States, we must submit an IND to the FDA. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for clinical studies. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the product; chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information; and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational product. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. 
 Clinical trials 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 
 In addition, an IRB at each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it initiates at that institution. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. Information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) for public dissemination on their www.clinicaltrials.gov website. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is made public as part of the registration of the clinical trial. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in some cases for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. 
 Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase 1: The drug is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness. 

Phase 2: The drug is administered to a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage. 

Phase 3: The drug is administered to an expanded patient population, generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to generate enough data to statistically evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product, and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the product. Generally, two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials are required by the FDA for approval of an NDA. 

12 

Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow up. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. In addition, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. Depending on its charter, this group may determine whether a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial. 
 During the development of a new drug, sponsors are given opportunities to meet with the FDA at certain points. These points are generally prior to submission of an IND, at the end of Phase 2, and before an NDA is submitted. Meetings at other times may be requested. These meetings can provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date, for the FDA to provide advice, and for the sponsor to obtain the FDA s feedback on the next phase of development. Sponsors typically use the meetings at the end of the Phase 2 trial to discuss Phase 2 clinical results and present plans for the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trials that they believe will support approval of the new drug. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and also must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug or biologic as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product and, among other things, companies must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidates do not undergo unacceptable deterioration over their shelf life. 
 Marketing application submission and FDA review and approval 
 Assuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of the preclinical and clinical studies, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacture, controls and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a use of a product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and effectiveness of the investigational drug product to the satisfaction of the FDA. In most cases, the submission of an NDA is subject to a substantial application user fee; a waiver of such fees may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), the FDA has ten months from the date of filing of a standard NDA for a new molecular entity in which to complete its initial review and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date for priority applications. 
 The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates, and the review process can be extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification and a sponsor s process to respond to such inquiries. This FDA review typically takes twelve months from the date the NDA is submitted to FDA (for a standard review) because the FDA has approximately two months, or 60 days, after submission to make a filing decision on whether to accept an NDA for review. 
 The FDA conducts a preliminary review of all NDAs within the first 60 days after submission, before accepting them for filing, to determine whether they are sufficiently complete to permit substantive review and informs the sponsor by the 74th day after the FDA s receipt of the submission whether an application is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA for filing. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application is also subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether the drug is safe and effective and whether the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packaged or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, quality and purity. 
 13 

Before approving an NDA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCP requirements. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 Additionally, the FDA may refer any application to an advisory committee, including applications for novel drug candidates that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy. An advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, which reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. The FDA also may require submission of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, plan, if it determines that a REMS is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh its risks and to assure the safe use of the drug product. The REMS plan could include medication guides, physician communication plans, assessment plans and/or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries or other risk minimization tools. The FDA determines the requirement for a REMS, as well as the specific REMS provisions, on a case-by-case basis. If the FDA concludes a REMS plan is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve the NDA without a REMS, if required. 
 In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, as amended and reauthorized (PREA), certain NDAs or supplements to an NDA must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. 
 After evaluating the NDA and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue either an approval letter or a complete response letter (CRL). An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information and for specific indications. A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A CRL generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA; it may require additional clinical or preclinical testing and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing in order for FDA to reconsider the application. If a CRL is issued, the applicant may choose to either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in response to an issued CRL in either two or six months depending on the type of information included. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 Even if the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved indications for use of the product, require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require that post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, be conducted to further assess a drug s safety after approval, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization, or impose other conditions, including distribution and use restrictions or other risk management mechanisms under a REMS, which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-marketing studies or surveillance programs. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval. In addition, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies may change, which could impact the timeline for regulatory approval or otherwise impact ongoing development programs. 
 14 

Fast track, breakthrough therapy and priority review designations 
 The FDA is authorized to designate certain products for expedited development or review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. These programs include fast-track designation, breakthrough-therapy designation and priority-review designation. 
 To be eligible for a fast-track designation, the FDA must determine, based on the request of a sponsor, that a product is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast track designation provides opportunities for more frequent interactions with the FDA review team to expedite development and review of the product. The FDA may also review sections of the NDA for a fast-track product on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. The sponsor can request the FDA to designate the product for fast-track status any time before receiving NDA approval, but ideally no later than the pre-NDA meeting. Fast track designation may be withdrawn by the sponsor or rescinded by the FDA if the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. 
 In addition, with the enactment of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act (FDASIA) in 2012, Congress created a new regulatory program for product candidates designated by FDA as breakthrough therapies upon a request made by IND sponsors. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. If the FDA designates a breakthrough therapy, it may take actions appropriate to expedite the development and review of the application, which may include holding meetings with the sponsor and the review team throughout the development of the therapy; providing timely advice to, and interactive communication with, the sponsor regarding the development of the drug to ensure that the development program to gather the nonclinical and clinical data necessary for approval is as efficient as practicable; involving senior managers and experienced review staff, as appropriate, in a collaborative, cross-disciplinary review; assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the FDA review team to facilitate an efficient review of the development program and to serve as a scientific liaison between the review team and the sponsor; and considering alternative clinical trial designs when scientifically appropriate, which may result in smaller trials or more efficient trials that require less time to complete and may minimize the number of patients exposed to a potentially less efficacious treatment. Breakthrough therapy designation comes with all of the benefits of fast-track designation, which means that the sponsor may file sections of the NDA for review on a rolling basis if certain conditions are satisfied, including an agreement with the FDA on the proposed schedule for submission of portions of the application and the payment of applicable user fees before the FDA may initiate a review. Finally, the FDA may designate a product for priority review if it is a drug that treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. The FDA determines at the time that the marketing application is submitted, on a case-by-case basis, whether the proposed drug represents a significant improvement when compared with other available therapies. Significant improvement may be illustrated by evidence of increased effectiveness in the treatment of a condition, elimination or substantial reduction of a treatment-limiting drug reaction, documented enhancement of patient compliance that may lead to improvement in serious outcomes, or evidence of safety and effectiveness in a new subpopulation. A priority review designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of such applications and to shorten the FDA s goal for taking action on a marketing application from ten months to six months for an NDA for a new molecular entity from the date of filing. If criteria are not met for priority review, the application for a new molecular entity is subject to the standard FDA review period of ten months after FDA accepts the application for filing. Priority review designation does not change the scientific/medical standard for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to support approval. 
 Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or the time period for FDA review or approval may not be shortened. Furthermore, fast track designation, priority review and breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval and may not ultimately expedite the development or approval process. 
 15 

U.S. marketing and data exclusivity 
 Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can delay the submission or the approval of certain follow-on drug applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for a generic or follow-on version of the protected drug product, respectively, where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. 
 The FDCA also provides three years of data exclusivity when an NDA or a supplement to an existing NDA, includes new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, conducted or sponsored by the applicant that are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or follow-on 505(b)(2) NDAs if the protected clinical data are not referenced. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a stand-alone NDA submitted under section 505(b)(1) of the FDCA. However, an applicant submitting a stand-alone NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness, if applicable. 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing regulatory exclusivity periods. This six-month exclusivity may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a trial. The issuance of a written request does not require the sponsor to undertake the described clinical trials. 
 Post-approval requirements 
 Following approval of a new prescription drug product, the manufacturer and the approved drug are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to monitoring and recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs must be promoted by a manufacturer and any third parties acting on behalf of a manufacturer only for the approved indications and in a manner consistent with the approved label for the product. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims or changes to the manufacturing processes or facilities, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There are continuing, annual user fee requirements for any marketed products and the establishments where such products are manufactured, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. 
 In addition, drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP requirements and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 
 Once an approval of a drug is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in mandatory revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 Restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

16 

Fines, warning letters or other enforcement-related letters or clinical holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

Refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; 

Product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 

Consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 

Mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 

Issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or 

Injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial or administrative enforcement, warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties, among others. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. 
 Other healthcare laws and regulations 
 Healthcare providers, including physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any drug products for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with third-party payors, customers, healthcare providers, physicians and others, in connection with the clinical research, sales, marketing and promotion of products, once approved, and related activities, may expose a pharmaceutical manufacturer to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. In particular, the research of our product candidates, as well as the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services and certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business or financial arrangements. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which makes it illegal for any person or entity, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting on its behalf), to knowingly and willfully solicit, receive, offer or pay any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order, arrangement, or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. Further, courts have found that if one purpose of renumeration is to induce referrals, the federal Anti-Kickback statute is violated. Violations are subject to significant civil and criminal fines and penalties for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved, imprisonment and exclusion from government healthcare programs. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between biopharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, among others, on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution; 

17 

the U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the False Claims Act (FCA), which can be enforced through qui tam or whistleblower actions, and civil monetary penalty laws, which impose criminal and civil penalties against individuals or entities for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal health care programs that are false, fictitious or fraudulent; knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim or an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing or concealing such an obligation. to pay money to the federal government. Manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. In addition, a claim submitted for payment to any federal healthcare program that includes items or services that were made as a result of a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. When an entity is determined to have violated the FCA, the government may impose civil fines and penalties for each false claim, plus treble damages, and exclude the entity from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs; 

the U.S. federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), which created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor e.g. , public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation, or making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false fictitious or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA fraud provisions without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 

the U.S. federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), under the Open Payments Program, information related to direct or indirect payments and other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals, (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians and their immediate family members. 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and their implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and their respective business associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information, as well as analogous state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

U.S. federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 

analogous U.S. state, local and foreign laws and regulations, such as U.S. state anti-kickback, false claims and laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and other relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government that otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug manufacturers to file reports with states regarding pricing and marketing information, such as the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensations and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. 

18 

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Efforts to ensure that business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting its rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, imprisonment, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to integrity and oversight agreements to resolve allegations of non-compliance, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment of operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and the results of operations. In addition, commercialization of any drug product outside the United States will also likely be subject to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. Further, if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business with are found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to similar penalties. 
 Data privacy and security laws 
 Numerous state, federal and foreign laws, including consumer protection laws and regulations, govern the collection, dissemination, use, access to, confidentiality and security of personal information, including health-related information. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state data breach notification laws, health information privacy laws, including HIPAA, and federal and state consumer protection laws e.g. , Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act) that govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our partners. For example, the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) came into effect on January 1, 2020 and provides data privacy rights for consumers and operational requirements for companies. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), was recently voted into law by California residents. The CPRA significantly amends the CCPA, and imposes additional data protection obligations on covered companies doing business in California, including additional consumer rights processes and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It also creates a new California data protection agency specifically tasked to enforce the law, which would likely result in increased regulatory scrutiny of California businesses in the areas of data protection and security. The substantive requirements for businesses subject to the CPRA went into effect on January 1, 2023, and will become enforceable on July 1, 2023. 
 The collection, use, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of personal data regarding individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA), including personal health data, is subject to the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR), which became effective in May 2018. The EU GDPR is wide-ranging in scope and imposes numerous requirements on companies that process personal data, including requirements relating to processing health and other sensitive data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, providing notification of data breaches and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processors. The EU GDPR imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the EEA, including the United States, and permits data protection authorities to impose large penalties for violations of the EU GDPR, including potential fines of up to 20 million euros or 4 of annual global revenues, whichever is greater. The EU GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the EU GDPR. Similar restrictions and requirements, as well as penalties and fines, exist in the United Kingdom (U.K.) under the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), an equivalent law in the U.K. 
 19 

Current and future healthcare reform legislation 
 The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. For example, in December 2016, the 21st Century Cures Act, or Cures Act, was signed into law. The Cures Act, among other things, is intended to modernize the regulation of drugs and devices and to spur innovation, but its ultimate implementation is uncertain. More recently, in August 2017, the FDA Reauthorization Act was signed into law to reauthorize the FDA s user fee programs and included additional drug and device provisions that build on the Cures Act. 
 In addition, in both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and likely will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes regarding the health care system directed at broadening the availability of healthcare, improving the quality of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. For example, in March 2010 the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) was enacted, which substantially changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjected biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars; expanded the types of entities eligible for the 340B drug discount program; introduced a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; established annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs; and created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (increased to 70 pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (BBA), effective as of January 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, administrative, executive and legislative challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration with impact the ACA and our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, in August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013, and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will remain in effect until 2031, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 20 

Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. There also has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries, Presidential executive orders, and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. For example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare Part B and Part D that have been approved by the FDA for at least 7 years for drugs, and 11 years for biologics; and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. Drugs and biologics are selected for negotiation two years prior to the negotiated price taking effect. Therefore, small-molecule drug manufacturers and biologic manufacturers are afforded at least 9 years and 13 years, respectively, before they must sell their product at the negotiated price under Medicare Part B and Part D, as applicable. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report within ninety (90) days on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. 
 At the state level, legislatures in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. 
 In the European Union and in other foreign jurisdictions, similar political, economic and regulatory developments may affect our ability to profitably commercialize our products. In addition to continuing pressure on prices and cost containment measures, legislative developments at the European Union or EU member state level may result in significant additional requirements or obstacles that may increase our operating costs. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals, and enactment of laws, at the foreign, federal and state levels, directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare, will likely continue into the future. 
 Rest of world regulation 
 For other countries outside of the European Union and the United States, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing product development, the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing, distribution, marketing approval, advertising and promotion, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. Additionally, clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Additionally, to the extent that any of our product candidates, once approved, are sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or other transfers of value to healthcare professionals. 
 21 

Additional laws and regulations governing international operations 
 If we further expand our operations outside of the United States, we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we plan to operate. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered by U.S. authorities that enforce the FCPA, including DOJ, to be foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. 
 Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the United States, or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. If we expand our presence outside of the United States, it will require us to dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws, and these laws may preclude us from developing, manufacturing, or selling certain products and product candidates outside of the United States, which could limit our growth potential and increase our development costs. 
 The failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension or debarment from government contracting. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA s accounting provisions. 
 Coverage, pricing and reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage, pricing and reimbursement status of any products seeking regulatory approval. Successful commercialization of new drug products depends in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for those drug products will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. The availability of coverage and extent of reimbursement depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of drugs products are paid for by third-party payors, such as government health care programs e.g. , Medicare, Medicaid), health maintenance organizations, managed care providers, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. These third-party payors decide which medications they will pay for and will establish reimbursement levels. 
 In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors and coverage and reimbursement levels for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. Third-party payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe, effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

Moreover, the process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. One payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and reimbursement for the product. Third-party payors may also limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. 
 22 

Increasing efforts by third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. In order to secure coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA or comparable regulatory approvals. Additionally, we may also need to provide discounts to purchasers, private health plans or government healthcare programs. Our product candidates, if approved, may nonetheless not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. If third-party payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products at a profit. We expect to experience pricing pressures from third-party payors in connection with the potential sale of any of our product candidates. 
 Outside of the United States, the pricing of pharmaceutical products and medical devices is subject to governmental control in many countries. For example, in the European Union, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some countries provide that products may be marketed only after a reimbursement price has been agreed. Some countries may require the completion of additional studies that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular therapy to currently available therapies or so-called health technology assessments, in order to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval. Other countries may allow companies to fix their own prices for products, but monitor and control product volumes and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. Efforts to control prices and utilization of pharmaceutical products and medical devices will likely continue as countries attempt to manage healthcare expenditures. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 30 full-time employees and 13 part-time employees. Of our 43 employees, 13 have Ph.D. or M.D. degrees and 25 are engaged in research and development activities. On February 7, 2023, our board of directors approved a restructuring plan, which will reduce our workforce by approximately 55 in the first half of 2023. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 We are committed to a work environment that is welcoming, inclusive and encouraging. To achieve our plans and goals, it is imperative that we attract and retain top talent. In order to do so, we aim to have a safe and encouraging workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop professionally, supported by strong compensation, benefits, and other incentives. In addition to competitive base salaries, we offer our employees discretionary cash-based performance bonuses and, in addition, may utilize our equity incentive plan to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in October 2018. Our principal mailing address is 23515 NE Novelty Hill Road, Suite B221 #125, Redmond, WA 98503. Our telephone number is 1-877-ELIEMTX (354-3689). Our website is www.eliemtx.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 23 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section of this report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any of the events described in the following risk factors and the risks described elsewhere in this report occurs, or if any other risks of which we are not presently aware occurs, our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors that are described below and elsewhere in this report. 
 Risks Related to our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception, anticipate that we will incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We are a biotechnology company with a limited operating history. Our efforts are focused primarily on developing our lead product candidate ETX-123, our novel Kv7 compound . Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were 45.2 million and 47.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 120.9 million and 75.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. To date, we have not received regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates or generated any revenue from the sale of products, and we do not expect to generate any revenue in the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses and operating losses over the next several years as we continue to develop our current and future product candidates. As a result, we expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future as we: 
 continue development of our current and future product candidates, including for ETX-123; 

commence clinical trials of our current and future product candidates; 

initiate and continue research and development, including preclinical, clinical and discovery efforts for any future product candidates; 

seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical development; 

incur legal, accounting, or other expenses in operating our business; 

hire and retain qualified personnel; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

establish sales, marketing, distribution, manufacturing, supply chain and other commercial infrastructure in the future to commercialize various products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; and 

acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 

24 

We expect to rely on capital markets, and to a lesser extent, U.K. research and development tax credits and incentives, for additional funding to conduct our future clinical trials and to complete development and commercialization of our product candidates. If we are unable to access capital when needed, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our clinical development programs or commercialization efforts. 
 We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 123.6 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Based upon our current operating plan and assumptions, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations into 2027. However, we will need additional capital to advance and expand our research pipeline, conduct preclinical studies, proceed to develop and commercialize any approved products, and explore other pipeline opportunities. Our estimates of the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are based on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Further, changing circumstances, some of which may be beyond our control, could cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. 
 Conducting preclinical studies, conducting clinical trials, pursuing regulatory approvals, establishing outsourced manufacturing relationships and successfully manufacturing and commercializing our product candidates is, and will be, very time-consuming, expensive and an uncertain process that takes years to complete. Our future need for additional funding depends on many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our preclinical product candidates and other future product candidates we may develop; 

the timing and uncertainty of, and the costs involved in, obtaining marketing approvals for our preclinical product candidates and future product candidates we may develop and pursue; 

the number of future product candidates that we may pursue and their development requirements; 

the number of jurisdictions in which we plan to seek regulatory approvals; 

if approved, the costs of commercialization activities for any product candidate that receives regulatory approval to the extent such costs are not the responsibility of any future collaborators, including the costs and timing of establishing product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing capabilities; 

subject to receipt of regulatory approval, revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of any product candidates; 

the extent to which we in-license or acquire rights to other products, product candidates or technologies; 

the extent to which we out-license or collaborate with other companies on the research and development of our preclinical product candidates and other future product candidates; 

our headcount growth and associated costs as we expand our research and development and establish a commercial infrastructure; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights, including enforcing and defending intellectual property related claims; 

any product liability lawsuits related to our products; 

the ongoing costs of operating as a public company; and 

the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which may exacerbate the magnitude of the factors discussed above. 

We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by disruptions to, or continuing volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide, including increased volatility in the trading prices for shares of public companies in the biopharmaceutical sector, the impact of ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, actual and perceived changes in interest rates and inflation, macroeconomic uncertainties, or otherwise. We also rely, to a lesser extent, on U.K. research and development tax credits and incentives for funding, and our ability to continue to benefit from such credits and incentives will depend on our ability to continue meet the applicable requirements for them. We have no committed source of additional capital and if we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidates or other research and development initiatives. 
 25 

We are in the early stages of research and development efforts, and our current product candidates are still in preclinical development. If we are unable to successfully develop and commercialize product candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business may be harmed. 
 Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. For example, in 2022, we discontinued the further development of ETX-810, and in February 2023, we paused the further development of ETX-155. We determined it was in the best interest of our stockholders to re-prioritize our pipeline to focus on our preclinical Kv7.2/3 program and the development of our lead Kv7.2/3 candidate, ETX-123. We have not initiated clinical trials for any of our current research programs, including ETX-123. 
 To date, we have not initiated or completed a pivotal clinical trial, obtained marketing approval for any product candidates, manufactured a commercial scale product or arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Our short operating history as a company makes any assessment of our future success and viability subject to significant uncertainty. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early-stage biotechnology companies in rapidly evolving fields, and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome such risks and difficulties. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business may be harmed. 
 We have never generated any revenue from product sales and we may never generate revenue or be profitable. 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale. To obtain revenues from the sales of our product candidates that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability, we must succeed, either alone or with third parties, in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing and marketing therapies with significant commercial success. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on many factors, including: 
 successfully completing preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; 

assessing and/or developing new product candidates or potential new indications for our current product candidates; 

developing a sustainable and scalable manufacturing process for our product candidates, as well as establishing and maintaining commercially viable supply relationships with third parties that can provide adequate products and services to support clinical activities and commercial demand for our product candidates; 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter; 

obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical development; 

launching and successfully commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either by establishing a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure or collaborating with a partner; 

negotiating and maintaining an adequate price for our product candidates, both in the United States and in foreign countries where our products are commercialized; 

satisfying any post-marketing requirements and obtaining reimbursement for its products from private insurance or government payors; 

obtaining market acceptance of our product candidates as viable treatment options; 

building out new facilities or expanding existing facilities to support our ongoing development activity; 

addressing any competing technological and market developments; 

maintaining, protecting, expanding and enforcing our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; and 

attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 

26 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of our expenses, or when we will be able to generate any meaningful revenue or achieve or maintain profitability, if ever. In addition, our expenses could increase beyond our current expectations if we are required by the FDA, or foreign regulatory agencies, to perform studies or clinical trials in addition to those that we currently anticipate, or if there are any delays in any of our or our future collaborators clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale, absent our entering into a collaboration or partnership agreement, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate and ongoing compliance efforts. 
 Risks Related to our Business and the Development of our Product Candidates 
 Our business substantially depends upon the successful development of ETX-123. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize, ETX-123, our business will be harmed. 
 We currently have no products approved for sale and are investing the majority of our efforts and financial resources in the development of our lead candidate ETX-123. Successful continued preclinical development and potential clinical development and regulatory approval of ETX-123 for indications we are currently evaluating and potential additional indications is critical to the future success of our business. 
 Before we can generate any revenue from sales of ETX-123 or any of our other programs, these programs must undergo additional preclinical and clinical development, regulatory review and approval in one or more jurisdictions. In addition, if one or more of our product candidates are approved, we must ensure access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and conduct significant marketing efforts in connection with any commercial launch. These efforts will require substantial investment, and we may not have the financial resources to continue development of our product candidates or commercialization of any products. 
 We have experienced, and may in the future experience, setbacks that could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates or our ability to commercialize any products, including: 
 negative or inconclusive results from our preclinical studies or clinical trials or the clinical trials of others for product candidates similar to ours, such as the failure of ETX-810 to achieve its primary endpoint in either of our Phase 2a trials in subjects with diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain (DPNP) and lumbosacral radicular pain (LSRP), respectively, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical testing or clinical trials or abandon a program or an indication; 

product-related side effects experienced by subjects in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs or therapeutics similar to our product candidates; 

delays in submitting INDs in the United States or comparable foreign applications or delays or failure in obtaining the necessary approvals from regulators or institutional review boards to commence a clinical trial, or a suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; 

if the FDA or comparable foreign authorities do not accept the earlier preclinical and clinical trial work, then we may need to conduct additional preclinical studies beyond those that we currently have planned and significant preclinical study or clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates and may harm our business; 

conditions imposed by the FDA or comparable foreign authorities regarding the scope or design of our future clinical trials; delays in contracting with clinical sites or enrolling subjects in clinical trials, including due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

delays or interruptions in the supply of materials necessary for the conduct of future clinical trials; 

regulators or institutional review boards (IRBs) or ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities may disagree with our clinical trial design, including with respect to dosing levels administered in our anticipated clinical trials, which may delay or prevent us from initiating our clinical trials with our originally intended trial design; 

27 

delays in reaching, or failure to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with prospective trial sites and prospective contract research organizations (CROs) which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

the number of subjects required for clinical trials of any product candidates may be larger than we anticipate or subjects may drop out of these clinical trials or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

our third-party contractors for preclinical studies or clinical trials may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, or may deviate from the clinical trial protocol or take actions that could cause clinical sites or clinical investigators to drop out of the trial, which may require that we add new clinical trial sites or investigators; 

due to the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or other events beyond our control, we may experience some delays and interruptions to our preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may experience delays or interruptions to our manufacturing supply chain, or we could suffer delays in reaching, or we may fail to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with third-party service providers on whom we rely; 

greater than anticipated clinical trial costs, including as a result of delays or interruptions that could increase the overall costs to finish our clinical trials as our fixed costs are not substantially reduced during delays; 

we may elect to, or regulators, IRBs, Data Safety Monitoring Boards (DSMBs), or ethics committees may require that we or our investigators, suspend or terminate clinical research or trials for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

we may not have the financial resources available to begin and complete trials, or the cost of clinical trials of any product candidates may be greater than we anticipate; 

inability to make improvements in formulations of our product candidates that may be desirable for late-stage clinical development and commercialization; 

the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate to initiate or complete a given clinical trial; 

the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to submit additional data such as long-term toxicology studies, or impose other requirements before permitting us to initiate a clinical trial, including because the FDA has not reviewed our preclinical or clinical data, to date, having been developed outside the United States; 

inability to compete with other therapies; 

poor efficacy of our product candidates during clinical trials, such as the failure of ETX-810 to meet its primary endpoint in either of our Phase 2a trials in DPNP and LSRP, respectively; 

unfavorable FDA or other regulatory agency inspection and review of clinical trial sites or manufacturing facilities; 

failure to obtain product labeling for indications we are evaluating, such as subgroups of patients with depressive disorders; 

unfavorable product labeling associated with any product approvals and any requirements for a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) that may be required by the FDA or comparable requirements in other jurisdictions to ensure the benefits of an individual product outweigh its risks; 

unfavorable acceptance of our clinical trial data by the patient or medical communities or third-party payors; 

failure of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their contractual obligations in a timely manner, or at all; 

delays related to the impact or the spread of COVID-19 or other pandemics, including the impact of COVID-19 on the FDA s, or any similar foreign regulatory agency s, ability to continue its normal operations; 

delays and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of additional regulatory oversight around clinical testing generally or with respect to our technology in particular; or 

varying interpretations of data by the FDA and similar foreign regulatory agencies. 

28 

We do not have complete control over many of these factors, including certain aspects of clinical development and the regulatory submission process. 
 For example, in both of our Phase 2a clinical trials in DPNP and LSRP, ETX-810 did not achieve statistically significant separation from placebo on the trial s primary endpoint. Based on these results, we discontinued further development of ETX-810. In addition, in February 2023, we announced that we were pausing clinical development of ETX-155 for MDD. 
 We have initiated the scaling up synthesis of our lead candidate ETX-123, to enable the initiation of IND-enabling safety studies, with Phase 1 studies planned to initiate in the first half of 2024. However, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing testing and clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such clinical trials. Additionally, even if such regulatory authorities agree with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND or clinical trial application, we cannot guarantee that such regulatory authorities will not change their requirements in the future. 
 Furthermore, even if we do receive regulatory approval for any potential product candidate we may develop for any indication, any such approval may be subject to limitations on the indications or uses or patient populations for which we may market the product. Accordingly, even if we are able to obtain the requisite financing to continue to fund our development programs, we cannot assure that we will successfully develop or commercialize ETX-123 or any other potential product candidate we may develop for any indication. If we or any of our future collaborators are unable to develop, or obtain regulatory approval for, or, if approved, successfully commercialize ETX-123 for indications we are currently evaluating or potential additional indications, or any other potential product candidate we may develop, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to continue our business. In addition, our failure to demonstrate positive results in our preclinical studies or in future clinical trials in any indication for which we are developing ETX-123 could adversely affect our development efforts for ETX-123 in other indications. 
 Preclinical and clinical development involves a lengthy, complex and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and the results of our clinical trials may not satisfy the requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to commercialize any product candidates, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective in humans to the satisfaction of FDA. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. In particular, in the United States, the general approach for FDA approval of a new drug is dispositive data from two well-controlled, Phase 3 clinical trials of the relevant drug in the relevant patient population. Phase 3 clinical trials typically involve hundreds to thousands of patients, have significant costs and take years to complete. A product candidate can fail at any stage of testing, even after observing promising signs of activity in earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials, as demonstrated by the failure of ETX-810 to achieve statistically significant separation from placebo on the primary endpoint in either of our Phase 2a clinical trials in DPNP and LSRP, respectively. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. For example, preclinical models evaluating product candidates for pain are notoriously unreliable and, as such, the therapies face substantial translational risk. In addition, initial success in clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when such trials are completed. There is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biotechnology industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or emergence of unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved and there can be no assurance that any of our future clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support further preclinical or clinical development of ETX-123 or any of our other product candidates. The commencement and rate of completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials may be delayed by many factors, including: 
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of clinical studies; 

preclinical studies or clinical trials may show the product candidates to be less effective than expected (e.g., a clinical trial could fail to meet its primary endpoint(s)) or to have unacceptable side effects or toxicities; 

failure to establish clinical endpoints that applicable regulatory authorities would consider clinically meaningful; 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 

delays in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; 

29 

differences in trial design between early-stage clinical trials and later-stage clinical trials make it difficult to extrapolate the results of earlier clinical trials to later clinical trials (e.g., we based our therapeutic hypothesis for ETX-810 on studies conducted in the academic setting and the results from the academic studies were not replicated in our Phase 2a clinical trials of ETX-810); 

delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials; 

delays in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials or the inability to do any of the foregoing; 

insufficient or inadequate supply or quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for use in clinical trials, or delays in sufficiently developing, characterizing or controlling a manufacturing process suitable for clinical trials; 

imposition of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory authorities; 

developments on trials conducted by competitors for related technology that raises FDA or foreign regulatory authority concerns about risk to patients of the technology broadly, or if the FDA or a foreign regulatory authority finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 

delays in recruiting, screening and enrolling patients and delays caused by patients withdrawing from clinical trials or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up; 

difficulty collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 

failure by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere to clinical trial protocols; 

failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s or any other regulatory authority s good clinical practice requirements (GCPs) or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; 

occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits, or occurrence of adverse events in trial of the same class of agents conducted by other companies; 

the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates being greater than we anticipate; 

clinical trials of our product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon development of such product candidates; 

transfer of manufacturing processes to larger-scale facilities operated by a third-party contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) and delays or failure by our CDMOs or us to make any necessary changes to such manufacturing process; and 

third parties being unwilling or unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us. 

In addition, disruptions caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may increase the likelihood that we encounter such difficulties or delays in initiating, enrolling, conducting or completing our planned and ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials. Any inability to successfully initiate or complete preclinical studies or clinical trials could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue from product sales. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may be required to or we may elect to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may seriously harm our business. 
 Further, clinical trials that we may undertake in the future will likely contain endpoints that require subjective assessments and subject us to a substantial risk of placebo effect which is a well-known risk in clinical trials evaluating therapeutics for pain as well as depression. While a product candidate may show clinical activity or therapeutic benefit, a high placebo effect in a clinical trial will make it difficult to ascertain that benefit or to show statistically significant effect of the product candidate as compared to the control arm and may ultimately cause a clinical trial to fail. For example, in both of our Phase 2a clinical trials in DPNP and LSRP, respectively, ETX-810 did not achieve statistically significant separation from placebo on the trial s primary endpoint. 
 30 

Moreover, principal investigators for our future clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these relationships to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may conclude that a financial relationship between us and a principal investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the study. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of our marketing applications by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority, as the case may be, and may ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of one or more of our product candidates. 
 Delays in the completion of any preclinical studies or clinical trials of our product candidates will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and delay or potentially jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate product revenue. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. Any delays to our preclinical studies or clinical trials that occur as a result could shorten any period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of our product candidates could be significantly reduced. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 If we seek to conduct clinical trials in foreign countries or pursue marketing approvals in foreign jurisdictions, we must comply with numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing authorization, pricing and third-party reimbursement. The foreign regulatory approval process varies among countries and jurisdictions and may include all of the risks associated with FDA approval described above as well as risks attributable to the satisfaction of local regulations in foreign jurisdictions. Moreover, the time required to obtain approval may differ jurisdiction-to-jurisdiction from that required to obtain FDA approval. Approval by foreign regulatory authorities does not ensure approval by the FDA and, similarly, approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities outside the United States. 
 Successful completion of clinical trials is a prerequisite to submitting a marketing application to foreign regulatory authorities or the FDA, for each product candidate and, consequently, the ultimate approval and commercial marketing of any product candidates. We may experience negative or inconclusive results, or regulators may be unwilling to accept preclinical or clinical data obtained in foreign jurisdictions, which may result in our deciding, or our being required by regulators, to conduct additional clinical studies or trials or abandon some or all of our product development programs, which could harm our business. 
 Public health crises such as pandemics or similar outbreaks could materially and adversely affect our preclinical studies and clinical trials, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or similar pandemics, and related public health guidance measures, we have and may in the future experience disruptions that could materially and adversely impact our clinical trials, business, financial condition and results of operations. Potential disruptions include but are not limited to: 
 delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials; 

delays or difficulties in initiating or expanding clinical trials, including delays or difficulties with clinical site initiation and recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 

increased rates of patients withdrawing from our clinical trials following enrollment as a result of contracting COVID-19 or other health conditions or being forced to quarantine; 

interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring and efficacy, safety and translational data collection, processing and analyses, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal, state or local governments, employers and others or interruption of clinical trial subject visits, which may impact the collection and integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints; 

diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 

delays or disruptions in preclinical experiments and IND-enabling studies due to restrictions of on-site staff and unforeseen circumstances at CROs and vendors; 

31 

interruption or delays in the operations of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies; 

interruption of, or delays in receiving, supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing organizations due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems; 

delays in receiving approval from local regulatory authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; 

limitations on employee or other resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our clinical trials and preclinical work, including because of sickness of employees or their families, the desire of employees to avoid travel or contact with large groups of people, an increased reliance on working from home, school closures or mass transit disruptions; 

changes in regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, or similar pandemics, which may require us to change the ways in which our clinical trials are conducted, which may result in unexpected costs, or to discontinue the clinical trials altogether; 

delays in necessary interactions with regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government or contractor personnel; and 

refusal of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies outside the United States. 

In addition, our business could be materially adversely affected by other business disruptions to us or our third-party providers that could materially adversely affect our potential future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our operations, and those of our CROs, CDMOs and other contractors, consultants and third parties could be subject to other global pandemics, earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, geopolitical developments, and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. For example, war between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting sanctions by U.S. and European governments, together with any additional future sanctions or other actions by them, could have a larger impact that expands into other markets where we do business. Further, the conflict and resulting sanctions or other actions may adversely impact macroeconomic conditions and increase volatility in and affect our ability to access capital markets and external financing sources, as well as have other unforeseen adverse impacts on our business. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could materially adversely affect our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our product candidates. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. 
 Disruptions at the FDA, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, in recent years, including in 2018 and 2019, the U.S. government shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 32 

Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences following regulatory approval, if obtained. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by ETX-123 or any other current or future candidate could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. In addition, many compounds that have initially showed promise in clinical or earlier stage testing are later found to cause undesirable or unexpected side effects that prevented further development of the compound. For example, ETX-123 is a Kv7.2/3 potassium channel opener. This mechanism has been validated through regulatory approvals of multiple first generation Kv7.2/3 openers for the treatment of epilepsy and pain. These molecules showed efficacy but subsequently had to be withdrawn from the market due to significant safety issues. There is no assurance that, if we are able to move our preclinical Kv7.2/3 program forward, we will be able to avoid similar safety problems. Additionally, the composition of our product candidates or learnings in preclinical studies or clinical trials may result in contraindications for any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. 
 If unacceptable side effects arise in the development of our product candidates, we may have difficulty recruiting patients to future clinical trials, patients may drop out of our trials, or we may be required to abandon the trials or our development efforts of that product candidate altogether. We, the FDA, other comparable regulatory authorities or IRBs, DSMBs or independent ethics committees at the institutions in which our trials are conducted could suspend or terminate our trials for various reasons, including a belief that subjects in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. Some potential therapeutics developed in the biotechnology industry that initially showed therapeutic promise in early-stage trials have later been found to cause side effects that prevented their further development. Even if the side effects do not preclude the product candidate from obtaining or maintaining marketing approval, undesirable side effects may inhibit market acceptance due to its tolerability versus other therapies. Any of these developments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Treatment-emergent side effects that are deemed to be drug-related could also result in potential product liability claims. Undesirable side effects in one of our clinical trials (or in a clinical trial of a competitor s product candidate with a similar mechanism of action) for our product candidates in one indication could adversely affect enrollment in clinical trials, regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates in other indications. In addition, these side effects may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff. Any of these occurrences may harm our business. 
 Moreover, clinical trials of our product candidates will be conducted in carefully defined sets of patients who have agreed to enter into clinical trials. Consequently, it is possible that our clinical trials, or those of any future collaborator, may indicate an apparent positive effect of a product candidate that is greater than the actual positive effect, if any, or alternatively fail to identify undesirable side effects. Clinical trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population. With a limited number of patients, rare and severe side effects of our product candidates may only be uncovered with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the product candidate. If our product candidates receive marketing approval and we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by such product candidates (or any other similar products) after such approval, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw or limit their approval of such product candidates, or seek an injunction against its manufacture or distribution; 

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, boxed warnings, or issue safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; 

we may be required to change the way such product candidates are distributed or administered, or change the labeling of the product candidates; 

the FDA may require a REMS plan to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools, and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions may require comparable risk mitigation plans; 

we may be subject to regulatory investigations and government enforcement actions; 

the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority may require us to conduct additional clinical trials or costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product; 

33 

we could be sued and held liable for injury caused to individuals exposed to or taking our product candidates; and our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidates and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates, if approved, and significantly impact our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and generate revenues. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling and/or retaining patients in our future clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to initiate or continue our planned clinical trials on a timely basis or at all for our product candidates if we are unable to recruit and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials through completion of such trials as required by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Patient enrollment is a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials. Our ability to enroll eligible patients may be limited or may result in slower enrollment than we anticipate. There may be limited patient pools from which to draw for clinical studies. The eligibility criteria of our clinical studies will further limit the pool of available study participants as we will require that patients have specific characteristics that we can measure or to assure their disease is either severe enough or not too advanced to include them in a study. Patient enrollment for our current or any future clinical trials may be affected by other factors, including: 
 the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 

the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 

the proximity of patients to trial sites; 

the design of the trial; 

the availability and efficacy of approved drugs for the disease under investigation; 

perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 

our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

competing clinical trials and clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications that we are investigating; 

clinicians willingness to screen their patients for biomarkers to indicate which patients may be eligible for enrollment in our clinical trials; 

the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on clinical trial sites, personnel and patient travel; 

our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; 

patient referral practices of physicians; 

the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; 

proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; and 

the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. 

In addition, our clinical trials may compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition would reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials in such clinical trial site. 
 34 

Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays or might require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs, affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to seek and obtain the regulatory approval required to commence product sales and generate revenue, which could prevent completion of these trials, adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates, cause the value of our company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing if needed. Furthermore, even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials, we may have difficulty maintaining participation in our clinical trials through the treatment and any follow-up periods. 
 We are also required to register certain clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, such as www.ClinicalTrials.gov in the United States, within certain time frames. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline and preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the topline or preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. 
 From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available or as patients from our clinical trials continue other treatments for their disease. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. If the interim, topline or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. 
 35 

Due to the significant resources required for the development of our pipeline, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain product candidates. Moreover, we may fail to expend our limited resources on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 We currently have one lead candidate, ETX-123. We seek to maintain a process of prioritization and resource allocation to maintain an optimal balance between aggressively advancing product candidates and ensuring replenishment of our portfolio. 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our product candidates, we must focus on specific diseases and disease pathways and decide which product candidates to pursue and advance and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, collaboration, management, and financial resources toward particular product candidates or therapeutic areas may not lead to the development of any viable commercial product and may divert resources away from better opportunities; for example, in 2022, we discontinued further development of ETX-810, which did not achieve statistically significant separation from placebo on the primary endpoint in either of two Phase 2a clinical trials, and in 2023, we paused further development of ETX-155 due to capital market conditions and investor sentiment around the opportunity. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any of our product candidates or misread trends in the biotechnology industry, in particular for disorders of the peripheral and central nervous systems, our business may be harmed. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases and disease pathways that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we choose to pursue, or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing, or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization rights. 
 36 

We may not be successful in our efforts to continue to create a pipeline of product candidates or to develop commercially successful products. If we fail to successfully identify and develop additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be limited. 
 One of our strategies is to identify and pursue clinical development of additional product candidates. We currently have one program in the preclinical discovery stage, with one lead candidate ETX-123, several other compounds in the research, discovery, screening and preclinical stages of development, and an ongoing lead optimization campaign to finish exploring the current chemical series. Identifying, developing, obtaining regulatory approval and commercializing additional product candidates for the treatment of disorders of the peripheral and central nervous systems will require substantial additional funding and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. We cannot provide you any assurance that we will be able to successfully identify or acquire additional product candidates, advance any of these additional product candidates through the development process, successfully commercialize any such additional product candidates, if approved, or assemble sufficient resources to identify, acquire, develop or, if approved, commercialize additional product candidates. If we are unable to successfully identify, acquire, develop and commercialize additional product candidates, our commercial opportunity may be limited. 
 We could be subject to product liability lawsuits based on the use of our product candidates in clinical testing or, if obtained, following our products marketing approval and commercialization. Product liability lawsuits brought against us or any of our future collaborators could divert our resources and attention, require us to cease clinical testing, cause us to incur substantial liabilities or limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We are exposed to potential product liability and professional indemnity risks that are inherent in the research, development, manufacturing, marketing and use of biotechnology products. Currently, we have no products that have been approved for commercial sale; however, the use of our product candidates by us and any collaborators in clinical trials may expose us to liability claims. We will face an even greater risk if product candidates are approved by regulatory authorities and introduced commercially. Product liability claims may be brought against us or our partners if any product candidate we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable for human use during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claim may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. Such claims could be made by participants enrolled in our clinical trials, patients, health care providers, biotechnology companies, our collaborators or others using, administering or selling any of our future approved products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against any such claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. 
 Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for any of our future approved products; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 

significant litigation costs; 

substantial monetary awards to, or costly settlements with, patients or other claimants; 

product recalls or a change in the indications for which any approved drug products may be used; 

loss of revenue; 

diversion of management and scientific resources from our business operations; and 

the inability to commercialize our product candidates. 

37 

Although the clinical trial process is designed to identify and assess potential side effects, clinical development does not always fully characterize the safety and efficacy profile of a new medicine, and it is always possible that a drug, even after regulatory approval, may exhibit unforeseen side effects. If our product candidates were to cause adverse side effects during clinical trials or after approval, we may be exposed to substantial liabilities. Physicians and patients may not comply with any warnings that identify known potential adverse effects and patients who should not use our product candidates. If any of our product candidates are approved for commercial sale, we will be highly dependent upon consumer perceptions of us and the safety and quality of our products. We could be adversely affected if we are subject to negative publicity associated with illness or other adverse effects resulting from physicians or patients use or misuse of our products or any similar products distributed by other companies. 
 Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage including clinical trial liability, this insurance may not fully cover potential liabilities that we may incur. The cost of any product liability litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. We will need to increase our insurance coverage if we commercialize any product that receives regulatory approval. In addition, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive. If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, it could prevent or inhibit the development and commercial production and sale of our product candidates, which could harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Compliance 
 Enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may charge for such product candidates. 
 The United States and many foreign jurisdictions have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the Affordable Care Act (ACA), was enacted, which includes measures that have significantly changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers. There have been executive, judicial and congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how any additional challenges or future healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. For example, in August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things, included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of, on average, 2 per fiscal year, effective April 1, 2013, which, due to subsequent legislative amendments including the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, will stay in effect until 2031 unless Congress takes additional action. Under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. 
 38 

Recently, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. presidential executive orders, congressional inquiries and legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the federal level, the Biden administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through executive orders and policy initiatives. For example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare Part B and Part D that have been approved by the FDA for at least 7 years for drugs, and 11 years for biologics; and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. Drugs and biologics are selected for negotiation two years prior to the negotiated price taking effect. Therefore, small-molecule drug manufacturers and biologic manufacturers are afforded at least 9 years and 13 years, respectively, before they must sell their product at the negotiated price under Medicare Part B and Part D, as applicable. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report within ninety (90) days on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control costs for pharmaceutical and biological products. 
 We expect that the healthcare reform measures that have been adopted and may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product and could seriously harm our future revenues. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. 
 Our business operations and current and future relationships with investigators, health care professionals, consultants, third-party payors and customers will be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 Healthcare providers and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Although we do not currently have any products on the market, our operations may be, directly or indirectly through our prescribers, customers and third-party payors, subject to various U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our current business operations, including our clinical research activities and proposed sales, marketing and education programs and constrain the business of financial arrangements and relationships with healthcare providers and other parties through which we may market, sell and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we may be subject to additional healthcare, statutory and regulatory requirements and enforcement by foreign regulatory authorities in jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 
 the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which makes it illegal for any person or entity, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting on its behalf), to knowingly and willfully solicit, receive, offer or pay any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order, arrangement, or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

39 

the U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the False Claims Act (FCA), which can be enforced through qui tam or whistleblower actions, and civil monetary penalty law, which impose criminal and civil penalties against individuals or entities for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal health care programs that are false, fictitious or fraudulent; knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim or an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing or concealing such an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim under the FCA; 

the U.S. federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), which created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation, or making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false fictitious or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA fraud provisions without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and their implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and their respective business associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information, as well as analogous state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

the U.S. federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) an agency within the HHS under the Open Payments Program, information related to direct or indirect payments and other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other health care professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

U.S. federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; 

analogous U.S. state laws and regulations, including state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and other relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government that otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug manufacturers to file reports with states regarding pricing and marketing information, such as the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensations and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; and state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and 

European and other foreign law equivalents of each of the laws, including reporting requirements detailing interactions with and payments to healthcare providers. 

40 

Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from U.S. government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, disgorgement, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws and the delay, reduction, termination or restructuring of our operations. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly and time-consuming, and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs and imprisonment. If any of the above occur, it could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 We are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse business consequences. 
 We process personal data and other sensitive data (including health data we collect about study or trial participants in connection with our preclinical studies or clinical trials); proprietary and confidential business data; trade secrets; intellectual property; and sensitive third-party data. Our data processing activities subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts, and other obligations that govern the processing of personal data by us and on our behalf. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, and consumer protection laws. These privacy laws include, without limitation, the following laws and regulations: Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) (which imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information) and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) (which imposes specific requirements on covered businesses relating to personal data practices). If we are or were to become subject to these laws and/or new or amended data privacy laws, the risk of enforcement actions against us could increase because we may be subject to obligations under applicable regulatory frameworks and the number of individuals or entities that could initiate actions against us may increase (including individuals via a private right of action), in addition to further complicating our compliance efforts. 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards apply to data privacy and security. For example, the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR impose strict requirements for processing the personal data of individuals, including sensitive data that we may process such as health data. For example, under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater. Similar processing penalties and fines exist under the UK GDPR. Further, individuals may initiate litigation related to our processing of their personal data. 
 41 

In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe, the U.K. and certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws. In particular, the EEA and the U.K. have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and U.K. to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA standard contractual clauses and the U.K. International Data Transfer Agreement, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the U.K. or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and U.K. to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the EU GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 Our obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing in an increasingly stringent fashion, creating some uncertainty as to the effective future legal framework. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or in conflict among jurisdictions. Preparation for and compliance with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources (including, without limitation, financial and time-related resources). These obligations may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable data privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) to do so. Despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. For example, any failure by a third-party processor to comply with applicable law, regulations, or contractual obligations could result in adverse effects, including inability to operate our business and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain information, as well as the third-party providers (such as research institutions) who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information. 
 If we or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences. These consequences may include, but are not limited to, government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including our clinical trials); inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or revision or restructuring of our operations. 
 Although we work to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards, our contractual obligations and other legal obligations, these requirements are evolving and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another or other legal obligations with which we must comply. Compliance with U.S. and foreign data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure by us or our collaborators and third-party providers to comply with U.S. and foreign data protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend, could result in adverse publicity and could harm our business. 
 42 

Risks Related to Commercialization of our Product Candidates 
 We have never commercialized a product candidate and we may lack the necessary expertise, personnel and resources to successfully commercialize any of our products that receive regulatory approval on our own or together with collaborators. 
 We have never commercialized a product candidate. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, and undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates. We currently have no sales force, marketing, manufacturing or distribution capabilities. To achieve commercial success of our product candidates, if any are approved, we will have to develop our own sales, marketing, reimbursement and manufacturing capabilities or outsource these activities to a third party. 
 Factors that may affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates on our own include recruiting and retaining adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel, educating adequate numbers of physicians on the benefits of prescribing our product candidates and other unforeseen costs associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. Developing a sales and marketing organization requires significant investment, is time-consuming and could delay the launch of our product candidates. We may not be able to build an effective sales and marketing organization in the United States, the EU or other key global markets. If we are unable to build our own distribution and marketing capabilities or to find suitable partners for the commercialization of our product candidates, we may have difficulties generating revenue from them. 
 We face significant competition from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and other research organizations, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The biotechnology industry is characterized by rapid technological advancement, significant competition and an emphasis on intellectual property. We face potential competition from many different sources, including major and specialty pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, and biotechnology companies, and public and private research institutions. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with current therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective or more convenient or have fewer or less severe side effects than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA, EMA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we do. 
 We expect to face competition from existing products and products in development for each of our product candidates. In addition, there may be other earlier stage clinical programs that, if approved, would compete with our product candidates. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales and supply resources or experience than we do. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances made in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these fields. 
 43 

The successful commercialization of certain of our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities and health insurers establish adequate coverage, reimbursement levels and pricing policies. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 The availability and adequacy of coverage and reimbursement by governmental healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors are essential for most patients to be able to afford products such as our product candidates, if approved. Our ability to achieve acceptable levels of coverage and reimbursement for products by governmental authorities, private health insurers and other organizations will have an effect on our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and attract additional collaboration partners to invest in the development of our product candidates. Coverage under certain government programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid, the 340B drug pricing program and TRICARE, may not be available for certain of our product candidates. Assuming we obtain coverage for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States, the European Union or elsewhere will be available for any product that we may develop, and any reimbursement that may become available may be decreased or eliminated in the future. 
 Third-party payors increasingly are challenging prices charged for pharmaceutical products and services, and many third-party payors may refuse to provide coverage and reimbursement for particular drugs when an equivalent generic drug, biosimilar or a less expensive therapy is available. It is possible that a third-party payor may consider our product candidates and other therapies as substitutable and only offer to reimburse patients for the less expensive product. Even if we show improved efficacy or improved convenience of administration with our product candidates, pricing of existing drugs may limit the amount we will be able to charge for our product candidates. These payors may deny or revoke the reimbursement status of a given product or establish prices for new or existing marketed products at levels that are too low to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates, and may not be able to obtain a satisfactory financial return on products that we may develop. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, third-party payors, including private and governmental payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining the extent to which new drugs and biologics will be covered. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payors and other governmental payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs and biologics. Some third-party payors may require pre-approval of coverage for new or innovative devices or drug therapies before they will reimburse health care providers who use such therapies. It is difficult to predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates. 
 Obtaining and maintaining reimbursement status is time-consuming and costly. No uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Furthermore, rules and regulations regarding reimbursement change frequently, in some cases at short notice, and we believe that changes in these rules and regulations are likely. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of health care services to contain or reduce costs of health care may adversely affect: 
 the demand for any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 

our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; 

our ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement approval for a product; 

44 

our ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability; and 

the level of taxes that we are required to pay. 

If we are unable to establish or sustain coverage and adequate reimbursement for any product candidates from third-party payors, the adoption of those products and sales revenue will be adversely affected, which, in turn, could adversely affect the ability to market or sell those product candidates, if approved. Further, coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Therefore, even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Even if we receive marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we may not achieve market acceptance, which would limit the revenue that we can generate from sales of any of our approved product candidates. 
 Even if the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority approves the marketing of any product candidates that we develop, physicians, patients, third-party payors or the medical community may not accept or use them. Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may not be successful. Market acceptance of ETX-123 and our other product candidates, if any are approved, will depend on a number of factors, including, among others: 
 the ability of ETX-123 and our other product candidates to treat neuronal excitability disorders, as compared with other available drugs, treatments or therapies; 

the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects associated with ETX-123 and our other future product candidates; 

limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved for ETX-123 or our other future product candidates by the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority; 

availability of alternative treatments; 

the size of the target patient population, and the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support and timing of market introduction of competitive products; 

publicity for our product candidates and competing products and treatments; 

pricing and cost effectiveness; 

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing strategies; 

our ability to increase awareness of our product candidates through marketing efforts; 

our ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement; and 

the likelihood that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority may impose additional requirements that limit the promotion, advertising, distribution or sales of our product candidates. 

If any one of our product candidates is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by patients, physicians and third-party payors, we may not generate sufficient revenue to become or remain profitable and our business may be harmed. 
 If any of our product candidates are approved for marketing and commercialization and we are unable to establish sales, marketing and market access capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates, we will be unable to successfully commercialize our product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 We currently have no sales, marketing, reimbursement or distribution capabilities. To achieve commercial success for any approved product for which we retain sales, marketing and market access and reimbursement responsibilities, we must either develop these capabilities, which would be expensive and time consuming, or outsource these functions to other third parties, some or all of which may be occur in advance of any approval of the product candidate. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with any future collaborators for, some of our product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 45 

There are risks involved with both establishing our own sales and marketing capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. 
 Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our product candidates on our own include: 
 our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or educate adequate numbers of physicians on the benefits of prescribing any future product candidates; 

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services, our product revenues or the profitability of these product revenues to us are likely to be lower than if we were to market and sell any products that we develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. In entering into third-party marketing or distribution arrangements, any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of the third parties and we cannot assure you that such third parties will establish adequate sales and distribution capabilities or devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our product candidates effectively. If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 
 Risks Related to our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct, supervise, and monitor our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not properly and successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates. 
 We rely on third-party CROs to conduct, supervise, and monitor our preclinical studies for our product candidates and do not currently plan to independently conduct preclinical studies or future clinical trials of any other potential product candidates. We expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions and clinical investigators to conduct our preclinical studies and future clinical trials. While we have agreements governing their activities, we have limited influence over their actual performance and control only certain aspects of their activities. The failure of these third parties to successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines could substantially harm our business because we may not obtain marketing approval for or commercialize our product candidates in a timely manner or at all. Moreover, these agreements might terminate for a variety of reasons, including a failure to perform by the third parties. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, that would delay our product development activities and harm our business. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for development activities will reduce our control over these activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies and clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial and for ensuring that our preclinical studies are conducted in accordance with good laboratory practice (GLP) as appropriate. Moreover, the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities require us to comply with standards, commonly referred to as good clinical practices (GCPs), for conducting, monitoring, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. As a clinical trial sponsor, we will also have regulatory requirements that directly apply to us. Regulatory authorities enforce these requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, clinical investigators, and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCPs, we or our CROs may be subject to enforcement or other legal actions, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials. 
 46 

In addition, once we have an approved product, we will be required to report certain financial interests of our third-party investigators if these relationships exceed certain financial thresholds or meet other criteria. The FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may question the integrity of the data from those clinical trials conducted by investigators who previously served or currently serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive cash compensation in connection with such services or otherwise receive compensation from us that could be deemed to impact study outcome, proprietary interests in a product candidate, certain company equity interests or significant payments of other sorts. 
 We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials complies with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product candidates that were produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We also are required to register certain clinical trials and post the results of certain completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within specified time frames. Failure to do so can result in enforcement actions and adverse publicity. 
 Our CROs may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities that could harm our competitive position. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical, non-clinical, and preclinical programs. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our preclinical studies or clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates, or we or they may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. To the extent we are unable to successfully identify and manage the performance of third-party service providers in the future, our business may be harmed. 
 If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminates, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays could occur, which could compromise our ability to meet our desired development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not harm our business. 
 47 

If the manufacturers upon whom we rely fail to produce our product candidates in the volumes that we require on a timely basis in accordance with the specifications for our product candidates, or to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of, or be unable to meet demand for, our products and may lose potential revenues. 
 We do not manufacture any of our product candidates, and we do not currently plan to develop any capacity to do so. We currently outsource all manufacturing of our product candidates to third-party CDMOs, typically without any guarantee that there will be sufficient supplies to fulfill our requirements or that we may obtain such supplies on acceptable terms. Any delays in obtaining adequate supplies with respect to our product candidates may delay the development or commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We may not succeed in our efforts to establish manufacturing relationships or other alternative arrangements for any of our existing or future product candidates and programs. Our product candidates may compete with other products and product candidates for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of CDMOs that operate under cGMP regulations and that are both capable of manufacturing for us and willing to do so. If our existing third-party manufacturers, or the third parties that we engage in the future to manufacture a product for commercial sale or for our clinical trials, should cease to continue to do so for any reason, we likely would experience delays in obtaining sufficient quantities of our product candidates for us to meet commercial demand or to advance our clinical trials while we identify and qualify replacement suppliers. If for any reason we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of our product candidates or the raw materials used to manufacture them, it will be more difficult for us to develop our product candidates and compete effectively. Further, even if we do establish such collaborations or arrangements, our third-party manufacturers may breach, terminate or not renew these agreements. 
 We have a limited number of contract manufacturers for our product candidates. At times we may have only one manufacturer for a product. In addition, we do not have any long-term commitments from our suppliers of clinical trial material or guaranteed prices for our product candidates. The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up initial production. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields; quality control, including stability of the product candidate and quality assurance testing; shortages of qualified personnel; and compliance with strictly enforced federal, state, and foreign regulations. Our manufacturers may not perform as agreed, such as failing to manufacture our product candidates in accordance with the specifications for such product candidates. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to provide product candidates to patients in our clinical trials and for commercial use, if approved, would be jeopardized. 
 48 

In addition, all manufacturers of our product candidates must comply with cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities that are applicable to both finished drug products and active pharmaceutical ingredients used both for clinical and commercial supply, through its facilities inspection program. The FDA must verify our contract manufacturers compliance with cGMP requirements and comparable foreign regulatory authorities will similarly inspect our contract manufacturers facilities after we submit our marketing applications to the agency and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The cGMP requirements include quality control, quality assurance, and the maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers of our product candidates may be unable to comply with our specifications, these cGMP requirements and with other FDA, state, and foreign regulatory requirements. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, they will not be able to secure or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. While we are ultimately responsible for the manufacture of our product candidates, other than through our contractual arrangements, we have little control over our manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, or market our product candidates, if approved. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in regulatory enforcement actions against our manufacturers or us, including fines and civil and criminal penalties, including imprisonment; suspension or restrictions of production; suspension, delay, or denial of product approval or supplements to approved products; clinical holds or termination of clinical studies; warning or untitled letters; regulatory authority communications warning the public about safety issues with the drug; refusal to permit the import or export of the products; product seizure, detention, or recall; civil suits under the FCA; corporate integrity agreements; consent decrees; or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any quantities supplied is compromised due to our manufacturers failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. Any failure or refusal to supply our product candidates or components for our current or future product candidates that we may develop could delay, prevent, or impair our clinical development or commercialization efforts. Any change in our manufacturers could be costly because the commercial terms of any new arrangement could be less favorable and because the expenses relating to the transfer of necessary technology and processes could be significant. 
 If we are not able to establish future collaborations, we may have to alter some of our future development and commercialization plans. 
 Our product development programs and the potential commercialization of our product candidates will require substantial additional capital to fund expenses. While currently we have no plans to do so, we may decide to collaborate for the future development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. Furthermore, we may find that our programs require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, and the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. We will likely have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or commercialization of any product candidates we may seek to develop with them. We cannot predict the success of any collaboration that we have entered into or will enter into. 
 We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators, and a number of more established companies may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, financial resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by the FDA, European Medicines Agency (EMA), the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) or similar foreign regulatory authorities, the potential market for the subject product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge, and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. We may also be restricted under future license agreements from entering into agreements on certain terms with potential collaborators. Collaborations are complex and time consuming to negotiate and document. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. 
 49 

We may not be able to negotiate further collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license to intellectual property of interest, we may not be able to secure exclusive rights, in which case others could use the same rights and compete with us. Our existing collaboration partners may not prioritize our product candidates or otherwise not effectively pursue the development of our product candidates which may delay, reduce or terminate the development of such product candidate, reduce or delay its development program or delay its potential commercialization. Further if we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to delay, reduce or terminate the development of such product candidate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. Doing so will likely harm our ability to execute our business plans. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain, maintain and protect sufficient patent and other intellectual property rights for our product candidates and technology, or if the scope of patent and other intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 
 Our success depends in significant part on our ability and the ability of future licensors, licensees or collaborators to obtain, maintain, enforce and defend patents and other intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology and to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others. A U.S. provisional patent application is not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file non-provisional patent application within 12 months of filing of the provisional patent application. With regard to such U.S. provisional patent applications, if we do not timely file any non-provisional patent applications, we may lose our priority dates with respect to our provisional patent applications and any patent protection on the inventions disclosed in our provisional patent applications. While we intend to timely file non-provisional patent applications relating to our provisional patent applications, we cannot predict whether any such patent applications will result in the issuance of patents that provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming. We and our future licensors, licensees or collaborators may not be able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we or our future licensors will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent protection or fail to file patent applications covering inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before a competitor or another third party files a patent application covering, or publishes information disclosing, a similar, independently-developed invention. Such competitor s or other third party s patent application may pose obstacles to our ability to obtain patent protection or limit the scope of the patent protection we may obtain. 
 Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, collaborators, CROs, CDMOs, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or our future licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or any future licensed patents or pending patent applications, or were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 50 

The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and is the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our and our current or future licensors patent rights are uncertain. Our and our future licensors pending, and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our technology or product candidates, in whole or in part, or which effectively exclude others from commercializing competitive technologies and product candidates. The patent examination process may require us or our future licensors to narrow the scope of the claims of our pending and future patent applications, and therefore, even if such patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our and our licensors patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims cover such technology. Any patents that we hold or in-license in the future may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our product candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. Any of the foregoing could impair our competitive position and harm our business. 
 The patent protection we obtain for our product candidates and technologies may be challenged and rendered invalid and/or unenforceable. 
 Even if our owned patent applications issue as patents, the issuance of any such patents is not conclusive as to their inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and such patents may be challenged, invalidated, narrowed or held to be unenforceable, including in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad, or circumvented. We may be subject to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), or equivalent foreign bodies, or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination, post-grant and inter partes review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Moreover, we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority or ownership of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge priority of invention or other features of patentability. Such proceedings and any other patent challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, loss of priority or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and product candidates. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Moreover, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other developments related to any of the foregoing proceedings. If securities analysts or investors perceive those results to be negative, it could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline. Any of the foregoing could harm our business. 
 Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 Because we rely on third parties to develop and manufacture our product candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, collaborative research agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, such as trade secrets. Despite these contractual agreements with third parties, sharing trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may harm our business. 
 In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, although our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of our agreements with third parties, independent development or publication of information by any of our third-party collaborators. A competitor s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and harm our business. 
 51 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful, and issued patents covering our technology and product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 Competitors and other third parties may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our issued patents or other intellectual property. In addition, our patents may become involved in inventorship or priority disputes. Our pending patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications. To counter infringement or other unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents or that our patents are invalid or unenforceable. In a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. We may find it impractical or undesirable to enforce our intellectual property against some third parties. 
 In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, non-enablement or insufficient written description. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before the USPTO or an equivalent foreign body, even outside the context of litigation. Potential proceedings include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of, or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our technology or any product candidates that we may develop. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on the applicable product candidates or technology covered by the patent rendered invalid or unenforceable. Such a loss of patent protection would harm our business. 
 Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the ownership or priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or may be non-exclusive. If we are unable to obtain and maintain such licenses, we may need to cease the development, manufacture and commercialization of one or more of the product candidates we may develop. In addition, if we or any future licensors are unsuccessful in any inventorship disputes to which we or they are subject, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or the exclusive right to use, our owned or any future in-licensed patents. The loss of exclusivity or the narrowing of such patent claims could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products. Any of the foregoing could harm our business. Even if we are successful in any of the foregoing disputes, it could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation or proceeding. 
 Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Most of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater resources. They are, therefore, likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims could result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, which could harm our business. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could compromise our ability to raise the funds necessary to initiate anticipated clinical trials, continue our internal research programs or in-license needed technology or other product candidates. There could also be public announcements of the results of the hearing, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive those results to be negative, it could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline. Any of the foregoing events could harm our business. 
 52 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents and other intellectual property rights on our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection or other intellectual property rights to develop their own products and may export otherwise infringing, misappropriating or violating products to territories where we have patent or other intellectual property protection, but enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property rights, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. 
 Many countries, including EU countries, India, Japan and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified circumstances to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license, which could harm our business. 
 We may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent which might adversely affect our ability to develop and market our product candidates. 
 We cannot guarantee that any of our patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents, the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified each and every third-party patent and pending patent application in the United States and abroad that is relevant to or necessary for the commercialization of our product candidates in any jurisdiction. For example, U.S. patent applications filed before November 29, 2000 and certain U.S. patent applications filed after that date that will not be filed outside the United States remain confidential until patents issue. Patent applications in the United States and elsewhere are published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Therefore, patent applications covering our product candidates could have been filed by third parties without our knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our product candidates or the use of our product candidates. The scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our product candidates. We may incorrectly determine that our product candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s pending application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our product candidates. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our product candidates. 
 53 

If we fail to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents or if we are unable to obtain licenses to relevant patents, we may be subject to infringement claims. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such infringement claims. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced to pay damages, which may be significant, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from commercializing any of our product candidates that are held to be infringing. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign product candidates so that we no longer infringe the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these events, even if we were ultimately to prevail, could require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business and could harm our business. 
 If we are unable to obtain licenses from third parties on commercially reasonable terms or fail to comply with our obligations under such agreements, our business could be harmed. 
 It may be necessary for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our products, in which case we would be required to obtain a license from these third parties. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. If we are unable to license such technology, or if we are forced to license such technology, on unfavorable terms, our business could be harmed. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates, which could harm our business, and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. 
 Moreover, some of our patents and patent applications in the future may be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such co-owners interest in such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, who could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product candidate, we may be open to competition from competitive medications, including generic medications. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and any future licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to ours. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and conditions of any FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, and one or more of our foreign patents may be eligible for patent term extension under similar legislation, for example, in the EU. In the United States, the Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension of up to five years for a patent covering an approved product as compensation for effective patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, there are no assurances that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority or national patent office will grant such extensions, in whole or in part. For example, we may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the length of the extension could be less than we request. Only one patent per approved product can be extended, the extension cannot extend the total patent term beyond 14 years from approval, and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we can enforce our patent rights for the applicable product candidate will be shortened, and our competitors may obtain approval to market competing products sooner. As a result, our revenue from applicable products could be reduced. 
 54 

Further, if this occurs, our competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case, and our competitive position and business could be harmed. 
 Changes in patent law could diminish the value of our patents, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 Obtaining and enforcing patents in the pharmaceutical industry is inherently uncertain, due in part to ongoing changes in the patent laws. Depending on decisions by Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO and equivalent institutions in other jurisdictions, the laws and regulations governing patents, and interpretation thereof, could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce existing or future patents. For example, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Therefore, there is increased uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, as well as uncertainty with respect to the value of patents once obtained. 
 Recent patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, enacted in September 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. The Leahy-Smith Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO-administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review and derivation proceedings. The USPTO recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, particularly the first inventor-to-file provisions. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could harm our business. 
 Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated if we fail to comply with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other government fees on any issued patents and applications are required to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of a patent. In certain circumstances, we may rely on our future licensors to pay these fees. The USPTO and various foreign patent agencies also require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar requirements during the patent application and prosecution process. 
 Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include failure to respond to official communications within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in irrevocable abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If we or any future licensors or collaborators fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates, our competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which would harm our business. 
 55 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could negatively impact the success of our business. 
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability and the ability of our collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property and other proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. We may become party to, or be threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology, including re-examination, interference, post-grant review, inter partes review or derivation proceedings before the USPTO or an equivalent foreign body. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. In the event that any of these patents were asserted against us, we believe that we would have defenses against any such action, including that such patents are not valid or that we would be able to replace such technology with alternative, non-infringing technology. However, if any such patents were to be asserted against us and our defenses to such assertion were unsuccessful and such alternative technology was not available or technologically or commercially practical, unless we obtain a license to such patents, we could be liable for damages, which could be significant and include treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to willfully infringe such patents, and we could be precluded from commercializing any product candidates that were ultimately held to infringe such patents. Any potential future legal proceedings relating to these patents could cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. If we are unsuccessful in our challenges to these patents and become subject to litigation or are unable to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms with respect to these patents, it could harm our business. 
 Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future, regardless of their merit. Even if we believe third-party intellectual property claims are without merit, there is no assurance that a court would find in our favor on questions of infringement, validity, enforceability or priority. A court of competent jurisdiction could hold that third-party patents asserted against us are valid, enforceable and infringed, which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize any product candidates we may develop and any other product candidates or technologies covered by the asserted third- party patents. In order to successfully challenge the validity of any such U.S. patent in federal court, we would need to overcome a presumption of validity. As this burden is a high one requiring us to present clear and convincing evidence as to the invalidity of any such U.S. patent claim, there is no assurance that a court of competent jurisdiction would invalidate the claims of any such U.S. patent. If we are found to infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate a third party s intellectual property rights, and we are unsuccessful in demonstrating that such rights are invalid or unenforceable, we could be required to obtain a license from such a third party in order to continue developing and marketing our products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us, and it could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product candidates. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties and other fees, redesign our infringing drug or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business. 
 56 

We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that we or our employees have infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 
 In addition, we or our future licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our owned or any future in-licensed patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. While it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact conceives, develops or reduces to practice intellectual property that we regard as our own. Our and their assignment agreements may not be self-executing or may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. 
 If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs, delay development of our product candidates and be a distraction to management. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business. 
 Intellectual property litigation could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace, including compromising our ability to raise the funds necessary to initiate anticipated clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties or enter into development collaborations that would help us commercialize our product candidates, if approved. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business. 
 57 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 We rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or has had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position would be harmed. 
 We may not be able to protect and enforce our trademarks and trade names or build name recognition in our markets of interest thereby harming our competitive position. 
 We intend to rely on both registered and common law rights for our trademarks. We plan to apply to register these trademarks with the USPTO and may in the future seek to register additional trademarks in the United States and other countries. Our trademark applications may not be allowed for registration in a timely fashion or at all, and our future registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. In addition, any registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names that we own or will own may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, lapsed or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. In addition, third parties have filed, and may in the future file, for registration of trademarks similar or identical to our trademarks, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. If they succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to develop brand recognition of our technologies, products or services. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. 
 During the trademark registration process, we may receive Office Actions from the USPTO or from comparable agencies in foreign jurisdictions objecting to the registration of our trademark. Although we would be given an opportunity to respond to those objections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and/or to seek the cancellation of registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may in the future be filed against our trademark applications or registrations, and our trademark applications or registrations may not survive such proceedings. In addition, third parties may file first for our trademarks in certain countries. If they succeed in registering such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such third-party rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to market our products in those countries. If we do not secure registrations for our trademarks, we may encounter more difficulty in enforcing them against third parties than we otherwise would. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively, which could harm our business. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make products that are similar to any product candidates we may develop or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own now or own or license in the future; 

we, or our future licensors, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we own now or own or license in the future; 

we, or our future licensors, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; 

58 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our pending owned patent applications or those that we may own or license in the future will not lead to issued patents; issued patents that we hold rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in the United States under FDA-related safe harbor patent infringement exemptions and/or in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

the patents of others may harm our business; and 

we may choose not to file a patent in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property. 

Should any of these events occur, they could harm our business. 
 Risks Related to our Business Operations, Employee Matters and Managing Growth 
 Actions that we are taking to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. 
 In February 2023, we commenced certain restructuring actions (the Restructuring Plan to conserve financial resources and better align our workforce with current business needs, as a result of the decision to pause development of ETX-155 and focus on our preclinical Kv7.2/3 program. We may encounter challenges in the execution of these efforts, and these challenges could impact our financial results. 
 Although we believe that the Restructuring Plan will reduce operating costs, we cannot guarantee that the Restructuring Plan will achieve or sustain the targeted benefits, or that the benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to meet our long-term expectations. As a result of these actions, we will incur additional costs in the near term, including cash expenditures for employee transition, notice period and severance payments, employee benefits, and related facilitation costs. Additional risks associated with the continuing impact of the Restructuring Plan include employee attrition beyond our intended reduction in force and adverse effects on employee morale (which may also be further exacerbated by actual or perceived declining value of equity awards), diversion of management attention, adverse effects to our reputation as an employer (which could make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future), and potential failure or delays to meet development targets due to the loss of qualified employees. If we do not realize the expected benefits of our restructuring efforts on a timely basis or at all, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, in connection with the Restructuring Plan, Bob Azelby, our former president and chief executive officer, and a member of our board of directors has departed the Company and the board. Andrew Levin has been appointed as executive chairman overseeing the day-to-day operations of the Company, effective upon Mr. Azelby s departure. In addition, Erin Lavelle, our executive vice president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer, and Jim Bucher, our executive vice president and general counsel, will depart the Company following a short transition period. Executive leadership transition periods are often difficult as the new executives gain detailed knowledge of our operations, and friction can result from changes in strategy and management style. Executive management transition, particularly at the principal executive officer level, inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge, which can negatively affect strategy, execution and our ability to compete. In any event, changes in our organization as a result of executive management transition may have a disruptive impact on our ability to implement our strategy and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 59 

Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial collaborators, principal investigators, CROs and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial collaborators, principal investigators, CROs and vendors may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless or negligent conduct or unauthorized activities that violates (1) the laws and regulations of the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA and other similar regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities, (2) manufacturing standards, (3) federal and state data privacy, security, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations in the United States and abroad and (4) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Misconduct by these parties could also involve the improper use of individually identifiable information, including information obtained in the course of clinical trials, creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials or illegal misappropriation of product candidates, which could result in regulatory sanctions and harm our reputation. 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm and the delay, reduction, termination or restructuring of our operations. 
 Our international operations in the U.K. may expose us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial, pricing and reimbursement risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally. Some of our suppliers, industry partners and clinical study centers are located outside of the United States. Furthermore, our business strategy incorporates potential international expansion as we seek to obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates in patient populations outside the United States. If approved, we may hire sales representatives and conduct physician and patient association outreach activities outside of the United States. Doing business internationally involves a number of risks, including but not limited to: 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations, including those related to Brexit related changes, such as privacy regulations, tax laws, export and import restrictions, employment laws, regulatory requirements, and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 

failure by us to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for the use of our products in various countries; rejection or qualification of foreign clinical trial data by the competent authorities of other countries; 

delays or interruptions in the supply of clinical trial materials resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad, including those that may result from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

additional potentially relevant third-party patent and other intellectual property rights; 

complexities and difficulties in obtaining, maintaining, protecting and enforcing our intellectual property; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

complexities associated with managing multiple payor reimbursement regimes, government payors or patient self-pay systems; 

limits in our ability to penetrate international markets; 

financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our product candidates and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

60 

currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions if we chose to do so in the future; 

natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease, including COVID-19 and related public health guidance measures, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; 

certain expenses including, among others, expenses for travel and insurance; and 

regulatory and compliance risks that relate to anti-corruption compliance and record-keeping that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, its accounting provisions or its anti- bribery provisions or provisions of anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws in other countries. 

Any of these factors could harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, our results of operations. 
 We may not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 7.1 million for federal income tax purposes, 41.6 million for foreign income tax purposes and 8.2 million for state income tax purposes. The federal net operating loss may be used up to 80 of future taxable income while the state and foreign losses may be used to offset up to 100 of future taxable income. The federal net operating loss carryforward can be carried forward indefinitely while the state net operating loss carryforward will begin to expire in varying amounts in 2039. The net operating loss carryforwards subject to expiration could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act), as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), federal net operating losses incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and in future taxable years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal net operating losses in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited. 
 Separately, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (Internal Revenue Code), and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change, by value, in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. The completion of our initial public offering (IPO), together with private placements and other transactions that have occurred since our inception, may trigger such an ownership change pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. We have not completed a Section 382 analysis, and therefore, there can be no assurances that the NOLs carryforward are not already limited. 
 In addition, we may experience ownership changes as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If an ownership change occurs and our ability to use our NOL carryforwards is materially limited, it could harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. 
 We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions or investments in new or complementary businesses, products or technologies, through the licensing of products or technologies from third parties or other strategic alliances, and the failure to manage acquisitions, investments, licenses or other strategic alliances, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, dilute our stockholders ownership, increase our debt or cause us to incur significant expense. 
 Our success depends on our ability to continually enhance and broaden our product offerings in response to changing clinician and patients needs, competitive technologies and market pressures. Accordingly, from time to time we may consider opportunities to acquire, make investments in or license other technologies, products and businesses that may enhance our capabilities, complement our existing products and technologies or expand the breadth of our markets or customer base. Potential and completed acquisitions, strategic investments, licenses and other alliances involve numerous risks, including: 
 difficulty assimilating or integrating acquired or licensed technologies, products, employees or business operations; issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions or strategic alliances, including the assumption of unknown or contingent liabilities and the incurrence of debt or future write-offs of intangible assets or goodwill; 

diversion of management s attention from our core business and disruption of ongoing operations; 

61 

adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, sales agents, health care facilities, surgeons and other health care providers; 

risks associated with entering new markets in which we have limited or no experience; 

potential losses related to investments in other companies; 

potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses; and 

increased legal and accounting compliance costs. 

We do not know if we will be able to identify acquisitions or strategic relationships we deem suitable, whether we will be able to successfully complete any such transactions on favorable terms, if at all, or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired business, product or technology into our business or retain any key personnel, suppliers, sales agent, health care facilities, physicians or other health care providers. Our ability to successfully grow through strategic transactions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate suitable target businesses, technologies or products and to obtain any necessary financing. These efforts could be expensive and time-consuming and may disrupt our ongoing business and prevent management from focusing on our operations. 
 If we pursue any foreign acquisitions, they typically involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures, languages and legal and regulatory environments, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 
 To finance any acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances, we may choose to issue shares of our common stock as consideration, which could dilute the ownership of our stockholders. If the price of our common stock is low or volatile, we may be unable to consummate any acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances using our common stock as consideration. Additional funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly and may be difficult to predict. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including: 
 the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research, development and, if approved, commercialization activities relating to our product candidates, which may change from time to time; 

the timing and status of enrollment for clinical trials; 

the cost of manufacturing our product candidates, as well as building out our supply chain, which may vary depending on the quantity of production and the terms of our agreements with manufacturers; 

expenditures that we may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional product candidates and technologies; timing and amount of any milestone, royalty or other payments due under any collaboration or license agreement; future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; 

the timing and success or failure of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates or competing product candidates, or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or partners; 

the timing of receipt of approvals for our product candidates from regulatory authorities in the United States and internationally; exchange rate fluctuations; 

coverage and reimbursement policies with respect to our product candidates, if approved, and potential future drugs that compete with our products; and 

the level of demand for our product candidates, if approved, which may vary significantly over time. 

62 

The trading price of the shares of our common stock may be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 
 Our stock price has been volatile, fluctuating from a high trading price of 29.69 per share in August 2021 to a low trading price of 2.21 in February 2023. The stock market in general and the market for biotechnology companies in particular have also experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. The market price for our common stock may continue to be volatile in the future and may be influenced by many factors, including: 
 adverse regulatory decisions; 

any delay in our regulatory filings for our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority s review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a refusal to file letter or a request for additional information; 

the commencement, enrollment or results of any future clinical trials we may conduct, or changes in the development status of our product candidates; 

adverse results from, delays in or termination of our clinical trials or those of our competitors; 

unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of our product candidates; 

lower than expected market acceptance of our product candidates following approval for commercialization; 

changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; 

conditions or trends in our industry; 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

stock market price and volume fluctuations of comparable companies and, in particular, those that operate in the pharmaceutical industry; 

publication of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; 

announcements of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 

investors general perception of our company and our business; 

actions by institutional or activist investors; 

changes to our business, including pipeline reprioritizations and restructurings; 

recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

overall performance of the equity markets; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

disputes or other developments relating to intellectual property rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain, maintain, defend, protect and enforce patent and other intellectual property rights for our technologies; 

threats of or actual significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

proposed changes to healthcare laws in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, or speculation regarding such changes; 

the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

general political and economic conditions; and 

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

63 

In the past, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies stock, in particular following significant drops in stock price. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. In addition, in the current volatile market for biotechnology stocks, in particular where shares are trading below cash balances, certain biotechnology investors have advocated for increases in short-term stockholder value through proposed corporate actions such as financial restructurings, special dividends, stock repurchases, mergers, other business combinations or sales of assets. Any such proposals directed at us could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 A significant portion of our common stock may be sold into the market, which could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 We have registered and intend to continue to register all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans. These shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. In connection with the Restructuring Plan, we accelerated vesting of certain outstanding and unvested equity awards held by terminated employees, including our former chief executive officer and other executives. As a result, a greater number of shares of common stock will be available for sale in the public market earlier than would have been the case if the Restructuring Plan had not been implemented. 
 Additionally, the holders of an aggregate of 15.7 million shares of our common stock, or their transferees, have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file one or more registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. If we were to register the resale of these shares, they could be freely sold in the public market without limitation. If these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as currently in effect, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 provide for a classified board of directors whose members serve staggered terms; 

authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights and preferences determined by our board of directors that may be senior to our common stock; 

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors or our chief executive officer; 

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

provide that our directors may be removed for cause only upon the vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 

require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of common stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation. 

64 

These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), which generally, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our management could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 
 In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide that: 
 We will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. 

We may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law. 

We are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification. 

We will not be obligated pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification. 

The rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons. 

We may not retroactively amend our amended and restated bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 Concentration of ownership of our common stock among our existing executive officers, directors and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions and also reduces the public float for our common stock. 
 Based upon our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022, our executive officers, directors and current beneficial owners of 5 or more of our common stock, in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately 89.8 of our outstanding common stock. These stockholders, acting together, are able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and any merger or other significant corporate transactions. The interests of this group of stockholders may not coincide with the interests of other stockholders. 
 Some of these persons or entities may have interests different than yours. For example, because many of these stockholders purchased their shares at prices substantially below the price at which shares were sold in the IPO and have held their shares for a longer period, they may be more interested in selling our company to an acquirer than other investors, or they may want us to pursue strategies that deviate from the interests of other stockholders. 
 65 

In addition, as a result of this concentration of ownership, there is a limited number of number of shares of our common stock that are not held by officers, directors and controlling stockholders (which is referred to as our public float), thereby adversely impacting the liquidity of our common stock and potentially depressing the price at which you may be able to sell shares of common stock. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business. 
 Prior to the completion of the IPO, we were a private company with limited accounting personnel to adequately execute our accounting processes and other supervisory resources with which to address our internal control over financial reporting. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, two of which remain unremediated as of December 31, 2022. The material weaknesses, and our remediation plan, are disclosed in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We believe we have made substantial progress toward achieving the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. The actions that have been taken are subject to continued review and testing by management as well as oversight by the audit committee of our board of directors. We will not be able to conclude whether the steps we have taken will fully remediate these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting until we have completed our remediation efforts and subsequent evaluation of their effectiveness. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we report on the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures in our quarterly and annual reports and, beginning with our annual report for the year ending 2022, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Form 10-K filing for that year. This requires that we incur substantial additional professional fees and internal costs to expand our accounting and finance functions and that we expend significant management efforts. 
 As a public company, we will be required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in those internal controls. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and are continuing to implement, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to identify or prevent future material weaknesses. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following the date we are no longer an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company with less than 100 million in revenue. 
 If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In addition, our common stock may not be able to remain listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or any other securities exchange. 
 66 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which restricts our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of claims or causes of action under Delaware statutory or common law: any derivative claims or causes of action brought on our behalf; any claims or causes of action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. These choice of forum provisions will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Such provisions are intended to benefit and may be enforced by us, our officers and directors, employees and agents, including the underwriters for any offering giving rise to such complaint and any other professional or entity who has prepared or certified any part of the document underlying the offering and may result in increased costs for stockholders to bring a claim. 
 We believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims or make such lawsuits more costly for stockholders, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find either choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our planned operations. Unless and until we can generate a substantial amount of revenue from our product candidates, we expect to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, licensing arrangements or other sources, or any combination of the foregoing. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, your ownership interest may be diluted, and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences and anti-dilution protections that could adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. In addition, debt financing, if available, may result in fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, creating liens, redeeming stock or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, securing financing could require a substantial amount of time and attention from our management and may divert a disproportionate amount of their attention away from day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our management s ability to oversee the development of our product candidates. Additional capital may not be available to us, or even if it is, the cost of such capital may be high. We may be forced to obtain additional capital before reaching clinical or regulatory milestones, when our stock price or trading volume or both are low, or when the general market for life sciences companies is weak. Raising capital under any of these or similar scenarios, if we can raise any at all, may lead to significant dilution to our existing stockholders. 
 67 

If we raise additional funds through collaborations or marketing, distribution, licensing and royalty arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about us, our business or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. As a newly public company, we may have limited equity analyst coverage. Equity research analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our common stock, and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In the event we do have equity research analyst coverage, we will not have any control over the analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, stock price, and results of operations. 
 The global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions (including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and actual or perceived changes in interest rates, inflation and macroeconomic uncertainties), which has included severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, high inflation, uncertainty about economic stability, and increases in unemployment rates. The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, or other geopolitical events. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including the one in Ukraine, may also continue to adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including a decrease in the demand for our drug candidates and in our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, current inflationary trends in the global economy may impact salaries and wages, costs of goods and transportation expenses, among other things. We cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the foregoing, and the current economic climate and financial market conditions generally, could adversely impact our business. 
 We incur costs and demands upon our management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies in the U.S., which may harm our business. 
 As a public company listed in the U.S., we incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market, may increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from regular business activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
 Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, on committees of our board of directors or as members of senior management. 
 68 

If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, such as CROs, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may collect, store, use, transmit, disclose, or otherwise process proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including personal data (such as health-related data), intellectual property, and trade secrets. We may rely upon third parties service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process confidential information and personal data in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, third-party providers of cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other functions. Our ability to monitor these third parties cybersecurity practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. We may share or receive sensitive data with or from third parties. 
 Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud are prevalent and continue to increase. These threats are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. These threats come from a variety of sources. In addition to traditional computer hackers, threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors now engage in attacks. 
 We and the third parties upon which we rely, such as CROs, may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, geopolitical developments, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. Ransomware attacks, including those perpetrated by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. For example, concerns have been raised about a potential increase in cybersecurity attacks generally as a result of the war between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting sanctions by U.S. and European governments, together with any additional future sanctions or other actions by them. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Similarly, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems (including our products and services) or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. 
 Our remote workforce poses increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our personnel work from home, utilizing network connections outside our premises. Future business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption. A security incident or other interruption could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to data. If such an event were to occur, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we rely on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also harm our business. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems, the confidentiality and the availability and integrity of our data, and these risks apply both to us, and to third parties on whose systems we rely for the conduct of our business. 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities (including our future clinical trial activities) in an effort to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and data. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems, our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 69 

Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing data (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary expenditures; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause delays in the development of our product candidates and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient of protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and as a result of the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 (the end of our second fiscal quarter) before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31 (our fiscal year-end). 
 We are also a smaller reporting company, as defined in the Exchange Act. Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to continue to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 
 We may be unable to maintain adequate insurance coverage. 
 We presently have general liability, workers compensation, directors and officers and product liability insurance coverage. Although we believe we will be able to maintain such coverage for a reasonable cost and obtain any additional coverages that our business may require, no assurances can be made that we will be able to do so. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may seriously harm our business. 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the tax treatment of any of our future domestic and foreign earnings. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and international business operations, and our business and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. 
 We are a small or medium-sized enterprise (SME) as defined under U.K. corporate tax regulations. We have and expect to continue to rely on U.K. research and development tax credits and incentives that are available to SMEs as a source of capital for our business. Changes in the SME eligibility criteria by the U.K. government or changes in our business could prevent us from being eligible for these tax credits in the future. Further, in November 2022, the U.K. government announced changes to the research and development tax credit program; these changes, which include a reduction in tax credit rates for SMEs, are effective on or after April 1, 2023. Changes such as these reduce the amount of capital we obtain from recoverable U.K. research and development tax credits, which could also harm our business. 
 70 

It em 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 It em 2. Properties. 
 We lease office space in the U.S. and U.K. under non-cancelable operating leases. 
 In May 2021, we entered into an agreement for office space in Cambridge, U.K. The term of this lease is for a period of 24 months, which commenced on July 1, 2021. 
 In November 2021, we entered into an agreement to lease approximately 5,000 square feet of office space in Bellevue, Washington. The term of this lease is for a period of 39 months, which commenced on November 1, 2021. 
 We are evaluating our existing facility needs as a result of the restructuring we announced in February 2023. 
 Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not party to any material legal matters or claims. We may become party to legal matters and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We cannot predict the outcome of any such legal matters or claims, and despite the potential outcomes, the existence thereof may have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 71 

PART II 
 It em 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol ELYM since August 10, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were 26,567,681 shares of common stock issued and held by approximately 16 stockholders of record. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On August 9, 2021 our Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-257980), was declared effective in connection with our IPO, pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 7,360,000 shares of our common stock, including the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at a price to the public of 12.50 per share. Evercore L.L.C., Guggenheim Securities LLC, Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated, and SVB Leerink LLC, acted as lead manager for the offering. 
 The IPO closed on August 12, 2021. The aggregate net proceeds from our IPO, after underwriting discounts and commissions of 6.4 million and other estimated offering expenses of 2.5 million, were 83.1 million. In connection with our IPO, no payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates or to our affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act with the SEC on August 11, 2021. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 72 

It em 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section above titled Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Overview 
 We are a biotechnology company focused on developing novel therapies for neuronal excitability disorders to address unmet needs in psychiatry, epilepsy, chronic pain, and other disorders of the peripheral and central nervous systems. These disorders often occur when neurons are overly excited or inhibited, leading to an imbalance, and our focus is on restoring homeostasis. We are developing clinically differentiated product candidates focused on validated mechanisms of action with broad therapeutic potential to deliver improved therapeutics for patients with these disorders. 
 Our lead program is ETX-123, a Kv7.2/3 potassium channel opener. Kv7.2/3 has been clinically validated as a therapeutic target for both epilepsy and pain, with further encouraging clinical data in depression. The first generation Kv7 channel opener, ezogabine (Potiga), was approved for refractory focal onset seizures in 2011 in both the United States and in Europe (where it was known as retigabine, or Trobalt). Flupirtine (Katadolon) was another first generation Kv7.2/3 opener that provided clinical validation and was used in Europe as a treatment for acute pain. These molecules showed clinical efficacy but subsequently had to be withdrawn from the market due to safety issues. Our ETX-123 lead candidate is an NCE designed to harness the efficacy of the Kv7.2/3 channel mechanism while attempting to improve the safety and tolerability relative to earlier molecules, based on our insights into the mechanisms of toxicity and the potency and selectivity profile. We have initiated IND-enabling studies for ETX-123 and plan to initiate Phase 1 studies in the first half of 2024. In addition, we are pursuing further preclinical exploration of several compounds from the same chemical series. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since inception, as we have devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and staffing our company, identifying potential product candidates, business planning, raising capital, undertaking research, executing preclinical studies and clinical development trials, and providing general and administrative support for business activities. We incurred net losses of 45.2 million and 47.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 120.9 million and 75.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Since our inception, we have funded our operations with an aggregate of 208.3 million in net proceeds from the sale and issuance of shares of our redeemable convertible preferred stock and our initial public offering of our common stock. We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 123.6 million and 161.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Based on our current operating plan, we estimate that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into 2027. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. 
 73 

We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses and operating losses over the foreseeable future, largely driven by our ongoing activities as we: 
 initiate and continue research and development, including preclinical, clinical and discovery efforts for ETX-123 and any future product candidates; 

hire and retain additional personnel, such as clinical, manufacturing, quality control, scientific, commercial and administrative personnel; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

establish sales, marketing, distribution, manufacturing, supply chain and other commercial infrastructure in the future to commercialize various products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; and 

add equipment and physical infrastructure to support our research and development and personnel; acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 

We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales since our inception. Our ability to generate product revenue will depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and eventual commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, if approved. We cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. 
 We will require substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and further the development of our product candidates. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings or other capital sources, which could include income from collaborations, strategic partnerships or other strategic arrangements. To a lesser extent, we also expect to continue to rely on U.K. research and development tax credits and incentives for funding. Adequate funding may not be available when needed or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital as needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue development of our product candidates. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide, resulting from increased volatility in the trading prices for shares in the biopharmaceutical industry, the ongoing pandemic, or otherwise. In addition, our ability to continue to benefit from research and development tax credits and incentives will depend on our ability to continue meet the applicable requirements for them. If we fail to obtain necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, it could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. Insufficient liquidity may also require us to relinquish rights to product candidates at an earlier stage of development or on less favorable terms than we would otherwise choose. 
 2023 Restructuring 
 On February 7, 2023, our board of directors approved a restructuring plan to conserve financial resources and better align our workforce with current business needs, as a result of the decision to pause development of ETX-155 and focus on our preclinical Kv7.2/3 program. As part of the Restructuring Plan, we will reduce our workforce by approximately 55 in the first half of 2023. 
 We estimate that we will incur approximately 17.1 million in charges in connection with the Restructuring Plan, which will be substantially incurred in 2023. These charges primarily relate to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation. Of the aggregate amount of charges that we estimate we will incur in connection with the Restructuring Plan, we expect that approximately 7.3 million will be in future cash expenditures. The actions associated with the Restructuring Plan are expected to be substantially complete by the third quarter of 2023, subject to local law and consultation requirements. 
 Components of Operating Results 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of (i) research and development expenses and (ii) general and administrative expenses. 
 74 

Research and Development 
 Our research and development expenses consist primarily of direct and indirect costs incurred in connection with our discovery efforts, preclinical studies, and clinical trial activities related to our pipeline, including our lead product candidate ETX-123, our recently paused product candidate ETX-155 and our discontinued product candidate ETX-810. 
 Our direct research and development costs include: 
 expenses incurred in connection with research, laboratory consumables and preclinical and clinical trial activities; 

the cost to manufacture drug products for use in our preclinical studies and clinical trials; and 

consulting fees 

Our indirect research and development costs include: 
 personnel-related expenses such as salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense, for our scientific personnel performing research and development activities; and 

facility rent. 

Total direct costs and indirect costs are as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Direct costs 

24,471 

25,166 

Indirect costs 

8,426 

4,752 

Research and development tax credits 

(6,683) 

(6,596) 

Total research and development expenses 

26,214 

23,322 

We expense research and development costs as incurred. Non-refundable advance payments for goods and services that will be used over time for research and development are capitalized and recognized as goods are delivered or as the related services are performed. We categorize costs by stage of development clinical or preclinical. Given our stage of development and the utilization of our resources across our various programs, we have not historically tracked our research and development costs by program. Research and development expenses are presented net of reimbursement received for refundable research and development tax credits from the U.K. government. 
 Research and development costs by stage of development are as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Clinical 

22,199 

19,538 

Preclinical 

10,698 

10,380 

Research and development tax credits 

(6,683) 

(6,596) 

Total research and development expenses 

26,214 

23,322 

Research and development activities are central to our business model. We expect to continue to incur substantial research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we advance our current and future product candidates. Our research and development expenses may vary significantly based on factors such as: 
 the number and scope of preclinical and IND-enabling studies; 

the number and scope of clinical studies needed for regulatory approval; 

the phases of development of our product candidates; 

the progress and results of our research and development activities; 

the length of time required to enroll eligible subjects and initiate clinical trials; 

the number of subjects that participate in the clinical trials; 

75 

potential additional safety monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; 

the duration of subject participation in the trials and follow-up; 

the cost and timing of manufacturing of our product candidates; 

the timing, receipt and terms of any marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

the hiring and retention of research and development personnel; 

the degree to which we obtain, maintain, defend and enforce our intellectual property rights; and 

the extent to which we establish collaborations, strategic partnerships or other strategic arrangements and the performance of any related third parties. 

A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our product candidates could significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate. 
 General and Administrative 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses such as salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation, for our personnel in executive, finance and accounting, human resources, business development and other administrative functions. Other significant general and administrative expenses include legal fees relating to intellectual property and corporate matters, professional fees for accounting, audit, regulatory, tax and consulting services, insurance costs, as well as investor and public relations costs. 
 We expect to continue to incur substantial general and administrative expenses for the foreseeable future to support our continued research and development activities and, if any product candidates receive marketing approval, commercialization activities, as well as to support our operations generally. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Change in Fair Value of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Tranche Liability 
 Our redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche lability was accounted for at fair value at inception, with changes in the fair value recorded in earnings at each reporting period through settlement. Refer to Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements. 
 Foreign Currency Loss 
 Our foreign currency loss consists of foreign exchange losses resulting from remeasurement and foreign currency transactions between the British Pound and the U.S. Dollar. 
 Interest Income, net 
 Our interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and adjustments related to amortization of purchase premiums and accretion of discounts of short-term investments. 
 76 

Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

26,214 

23,322 

2,892 

12.4 

General and administrative 

18,921 

12,350 

6,571 

53.2 

Total operating expenses 

45,135 

35,672 

9,463 

26.5 

Loss from operations 

(45,135) 

(35,672) 

(9,463) 

26.5 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability 

(11,718) 

11,718 

(100.0) 

Foreign currency loss 

(1,484) 

(170) 

(1,314) 

Interest income, net 

1,375 

80 

1,295 

Total other income (expense) 

(109) 

(11,808) 

11,699 

(99.1) 

Net loss 

(45,244) 

(47,480) 

2,236 

(4.7) 

- Not meaningful 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses increased 12.4 from 23.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 26.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 This increase was driven by a 3.6 million increase in personnel-related expenses from increased headcount and stock-based compensation. This increase was partially offset by (i) a 0.6 million decrease in clinical and preclinical expenses, primarily due to the discontinuation of ETX-810 in August 2022, and the postponement of initiating a Phase 2a clinical trials of ETX-155 and (ii) a 0.1 million increase in the refundable research and development tax credits from the U.K. generated due to the overall increase in research and development expenses. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses increased 53.2 from 12.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 18.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily due to a 3.5 million increase in personnel-related expenses from increased headcount and stock-based compensation, a 2.1 million increase in other general and administrative costs that primarily included consulting and legal fees, and a 1.0 million increase in insurance costs. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Change in Fair Value of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Tranche Liability 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized an 11.7 million charge from the remeasurement of our Series A-1 preferred stock tranche liability immediately prior to settlement. 
 Foreign Currency Loss 
 Foreign currency loss increased from a 0.2 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 to a 1.5 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was driven by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the British Pound and the U.S. Dollar that were more significant in the current period. These changes affect the remeasurement of our British Pound denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily our recoverable research and development tax credits. 
 77 

Interest Income, net 
 Interest income, net increased from 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was driven by an increase in investment income. The increase was due to higher rates of return on our investments as a result of rising interest rates in the current period. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 We primarily generate cash and cash equivalents from the sale of our equity securities, including common stock and redeemable convertible preferred stock, and to a lesser extent from cash received pursuant to U.K. research and development tax credits and incentives. From our inception to December 31, 2022, we raised aggregate proceeds of 208.3 million from the issuance of shares of our redeemable convertible preferred stock and from our initial public offering of our common stock. We have not generated any revenue from product sales or otherwise. We have incurred net losses from operations since our inception and anticipate we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 123.6 million and 161.4 million and an accumulated deficit of 120.9 million and 75.6 million, respectively. 
 Funding Requirements 
 We have experienced recurring net losses since inception. Our transition to profitability is dependent upon the successful development, approval and commercialization of our product candidates and achieving a level of revenue adequate to support our cost structure. We do not expect to achieve such revenue and expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 123.6 million as of December 31, 2022 will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months. 
 We expect to continue to incur substantial research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we advance our current and future product candidates. As a result, we will need significant additional capital to fund our operations, which we may obtain through one or more equity offerings, debt financings or other third-party funding, including potential strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate the amount of increased capital we will need to raise to support our operations and the outlays and operating expenditures necessary to complete the development of our product candidates and build additional manufacturing capacity, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the progress of our current and future product candidates through preclinical and clinical development; 

potential delays in our preclinical studies and clinical trials, whether current or planned, or other factors; 

continuing our research and discovery activities; 

initiating and conducting additional preclinical, clinical, or other studies for our product candidates; 

changing or adding additional contract manufacturers or suppliers; 

seeking regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for our product candidates; 

establishing sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we obtain approval; 

acquiring or in-licensing product candidates, intellectual property and technologies; 

making milestone, royalty, or other payments due under any current or future collaboration or license agreements; 

obtaining, maintaining, expanding, protecting, and enforcing our intellectual property portfolio; 

attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel; 

potential delays or other issues related to our operations; 

meeting the requirements and demands of being a public company; 

78 

defending against any product liability claims or other lawsuits related to our products; and 

the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which may exacerbate the magnitude of the factors discussed above. 

We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into 2027. We have based our estimates as to how long we expect we will be able to fund our operations on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect, in which case, we would be required to obtain additional financing sooner than currently projected, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. 
 We will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our development strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from sales of our product candidates, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions. Adequate funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise capital or enter into such agreements as, and when, needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back, or discontinue the development and commercialization of our product candidates or delay our efforts to expand our product pipeline. We may also be required to sell or license to other parties rights to develop or commercialize our product candidates that we would prefer to retain. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarized our cash flows (in thousands): 

Year Ended 'December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(37,369) 

(36,072) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

34,440 

(114,970) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

177,232 

Operating activities 
 In 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 37.4 million. This consisted primarily of net loss of 45.2 million, which was partially offset by non-cash charges of 7.6 million that primarily relate to stock-based compensation of 7.0 million, and changes in our operating assets and liabilities that resulted in a net increase in cash of 0.2 million, primarily related to research and development activities. 
 In 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 36.1 million. This consisted primarily of net loss of 47.5 million and changes in our operating assets and liabilities that resulted in a net decrease in cash of 4.2 million, primarily related to research and development activities, which was partially offset by the non-cash charges for changes in the fair value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability of 11.7 million and stock-based compensation of 3.7 million. 
 Investing activities 
 In 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was 34.4 million. This consisted of 122.4 million of proceeds received from maturities of investments in marketable securities, partially offset by purchases of 88.0 million of investments in marketable securities. 
 In 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 115.0 million. This consisted of purchases of investments in U.S. government debt securities, commercial paper, and corporate bonds. 
 Financing activities 
 In 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 177.2 million, primarily attributable to the proceeds, net of issuance costs, from the issuance of our Series A-1 and Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, and the issuance of our common stock in our initial public offering. 
 79 

Contractual Commitments and Obligations 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into contracts with contract research organizations (CROs), contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs), and other third parties for preclinical studies and clinical trials, research and development supplies, and other testing and manufacturing services. These contracts do not contain material minimum purchase commitments and generally provide us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs, prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. However, it is not possible to predict the maximum potential amount of future payments under these agreements due to the conditional nature of our obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each agreement. 
 We lease various operating spaces in the U.S. and the U.K. under non-cancelable operating lease arrangements that expire on various dates through January 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, our undiscounted future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable lease agreements was approximately 0.5 million. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 A summary of the significant accounting policies is provided in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: 
 it requires a significant level of estimation uncertainty; and 

changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

We believe the following critical accounting policies and estimates describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure our stock-based awards granted to employees, non-employee directors, consultants and independent advisors based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the awards. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of our stock option awards. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires us to make assumptions and judgements about the variables used in the calculation, including the fair value of common stock, expected term, expected volatility of our common stock, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yield. Changes in the assumptions can materially affect the fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation is recognized. As a result, if factors or expected outcomes change and we use significantly different assumptions or estimates, our stock-based compensation recognized in future periods could be materially different. 
 Refer to Note 2 and 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the development and evaluation of the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of our stock-based awards, and the related effect of stock-based compensation expense on the consolidated financial statements. 
 80 

Fair Value of Common Stock 
 Following the closing of our IPO, the fair market value of our common stock is based on its closing price as reported on the date of grant on the Nasdaq Global Market, on which our common stock is traded. Prior to our IPO, because there was no public market for our common stock, the estimated fair value of our common stock was determined by the board of directors as of the date of each option grant with input from management, considering the most recently available third-party valuation of common stock, and the board of directors assessment of additional objective and subjective factors that it believed were relevant and which may have changed from the date of the most recent valuation through the date of the grant. 
 The assumptions underlying these valuations represented management s best estimates which involved inherent uncertainties. As a result, if we had used significantly different assumptions or estimates, the fair value of our common stock and stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different. 
 Refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the factors considered and valuation approaches utilized in determining the best estimate of fair value of our common stock prior to our IPO. 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Tranche Liability 
 Our Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock included an obligation whereby the investors agreed to buy, and the Company agreed to sell, additional shares at a fixed price if certain agreed upon milestones were achieved (Series A-1 Tranche Rights). This redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability was determined to be a freestanding financial instrument that should be accounted for as a liability at fair value and was revalued at each reporting period until settlement, with changes in the fair value recorded as a change in redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Upon the closing of the redeemable convertible preferred stock, the redeemable convertible preferred stock purchase rights liability was extinguished, and the mark-to-market fair value of the liability was included in the carrying value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock issued. 
 We estimated the fair value of the Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability using a probability-weighted present value model that considered the probability of triggering the Series A-1 Tranche Rights through achievement of the clinical development milestones specified in the Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock purchase agreement. Significant estimates and assumptions impacting the fair value measurement included the estimated fair value per share of the underlying Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock, risk-free rate, expected dividend yield, time to liquidity, expected volatility of the price of the underlying redeemable convertible preferred stock and determining the type of option (call option and/or forward contract) and associated probabilities. The most significant assumptions impacting the fair value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche feature included the estimated fair value of our Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock, estimated time to achieve the tranche milestone, and the determination of the type of option (call option and/or forward contract) and associated probability of success of completing the milestone. 
 We determined the estimated fair value per share of the underlying redeemable convertible preferred stock by taking into consideration the most recent sales of our redeemable convertible preferred stock as well as additional factors that we deemed relevant. We assessed these assumptions and estimates on a quarterly basis as additional information impacting the assumptions became available. The risk-free rate was determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the preferred stock tranche feature. We estimated a 0 dividend yield based on the expected dividend yield and the fact that we have never paid or declared dividends. We estimated the time to liquidity by weighting potential timelines associated with reaching various pipeline milestones. We historically have been a private company and lack company-specific historical and implied volatility information of our stock. Therefore, we estimated our expected stock volatility based on the historical volatility of a representative group of public companies in the biotechnology industry for the expected terms. The determination of the type of option is based on the payouts available to the holders of the Series A-1 Tranche Rights and the level of control the investors had over exercising these rights. 
 These estimates involved inherent uncertainties and the application of significant judgment. As a result, if factors or expected outcomes changed and we used significantly different assumptions or estimates, our redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability could have been materially different. 
 81 

Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, two of which remain unremediated as of December 31, 2022. The material weaknesses, and our remediation plan, are disclosed in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (JOBS Act). Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. Other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements under the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies include presentation of only two years audited consolidated financial statements in a registration statement for an initial public offering, an exemption from the requirement to provide an auditor s report on internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, an exemption from any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation, and less extensive disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date that (i) we are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. 
 As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with the new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. We will remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act until the earliest of (i) the last day of our first fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.24 billion or more, (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt instruments during the previous three fiscal years, (iii) the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC with at least 700.0 million of outstanding equity securities held by non-affiliates, or (iv) December 31, 2026. 
 Ite m 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information requested by this item pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K. 
 82 

Ite m 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 84 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 85 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 86 

Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 87 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 88 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 89 

83 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIS TERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, of redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 84 

Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Long-term marketable securities 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7 

Stockholders equity 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 85 

Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Ope rations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability 

() 

Foreign currency loss 

() 

() 

Interest income, net 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to redemption value and cumulative preferred stock dividends 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax of 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 86 

Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Conv ertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Loss 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 

Reclassification of redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability upon settlement 

Issuance of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 

Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock in initial public offering, net of issuance costs of 

Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Vesting of restricted stock awards 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 87 

Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated State ments of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

Change in fair value of redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability 

Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on investments, net 

() 

Foreign currency loss (gain) from remeasurement 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

Long-term assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of marketable securities 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock and related tranche rights, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock 

Cash paid for leases included in operating cash outflows 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 88 

ELIEM THERAPEUTICS, INC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATE D FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 as a Delaware corporation. 
 
 basis, which was effected on July 29, 2021 (the Reverse Stock Split). The number of authorized shares and the par values of the common stock were not adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, the number of authorized shares, outstanding shares, and the conversion ratio for the Company's redeemable convertible preferred stock was proportionately adjusted such that the common stock issuable upon conversion of such preferred stock was decreased in proportion to the Reverse Stock Split. All references to common stock and options to purchase common stock share data, per share data, and related information contained in the consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. 
 shares of common stock, including the underwriters' full exercise of their over-allotment option at the IPO price of per share. Gross proceeds from the IPO were million, and the net proceeds were million, after deducting underwriting discounts of million and million of offering costs payable by the Company. At the closing of the IPO, all of the Company's then outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock was automatically converted into an aggregate of shares of common stock. The related carrying value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock of million was reclassified to common stock and additional paid-in capital. 
 million and expects to incur additional losses from operations in the future. The Company estimates the available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of million as of December 31, 2022 will be sufficient to meet its projected operating requirements for at least the next twelve months from the filing date of these consolidated financial statements. The Company will need to obtain substantial additional funding to develop and commercialize the Company's clinical programs as currently contemplated. The Company expects to finance future cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing and distribution arrangements. In addition, the Company expects to continue to rely on capital markets, and to a lesser extent, U.K. research and development tax credits and incentives for funding. There are no assurances that the Company will be able to raise sufficient amounts of funding in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. 

89 

. 

operating segment, all required segment financial information is found in the consolidated financial statements. 
 There were transfers into or out of Level 3 for any of the periods presented. 

Marketable securities: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Commercial paper 

Corporate bonds 

U.S. government agency debt securities 

Total marketable securities 

Total assets 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Balance 

Assets: 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

Marketable securities: 

Corporate bonds 

Commercial paper 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total marketable securities 

Total assets 

Research and development expenses include estimates of the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual costs. Management estimates accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in the consolidated financial statements based on facts and circumstances known at that time. Examples of estimated accrued research and development expenses include those related to fees paid to: vendors in connection with preclinical development activities; 

 contract research organizations (CROs) in connection with preclinical studies and clinical trials; and 

 contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) in connection with the production of preclinical and clinical trial materials. 

. 

Recognition of credit claims 

Receipt of credit claims 

() 

() 

Foreign currency loss 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the tax credit receivable was million and million respectively, all of which is classified within the prepaid expenses and other current assets line item in the consolidated balance sheets. 

basis to shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding. 
 
 . 
 business conditions and projects; 

 the lack of marketability of the Company s common stock and its redeemable convertible preferred stock as a private company; 

 the prices at which the Company sold shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock to outside investors in arms-length transactions; 

 the rights, preferences, and privileges of the Company s redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to those of the Company s common stock; 

 the analysis of IPOs and the market performance of similar companies in the biotechnology industry; 

 the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event for securityholders, such as an initial public offering or a sale of the Company, given prevailing market conditions; 

 the hiring of key personnel and the experience of management; 

 trends and developments in the industry; and 

 external market conditions affecting the life sciences and biotechnology industry sectors. 

 For valuations performed prior to the completion of the IPO on August 12, 2021, in accordance with the Practice Aid, the Company determined that the Hybrid Method, was the most appropriate method for determining the fair value of its common stock based on its stage of development and other relevant factors. The Hybrid Method is a combination of an Option Pricing Method (OPM) scenario and one or more scenarios using a Probability Weighted Expected Return Method (PWERM). The Hybrid Method estimates the probability-weighted value across multiple scenarios, and uses the OPM to estimate the allocation of value within one or more of those scenarios. Weighting allocations are assigned to the OPM and PWERM methods factoring possible future liquidity events. The Company applied the Hybrid Method when it considered both an IPO and trade sale scenarios. The OPM uses option theory to value the various classes of a company s securities in light of their respective claims to the enterprise value. Total stockholders deficit value is allocated to the various share classes based upon their respective claims on a series of call options with strike prices at various value levels depending upon the rights and preferences of each class. A Black-Scholes closed form option pricing model is employed in this analysis, with an option term assumption that is consistent with the expected time to a liquidity event and a volatility assumption based on the estimated stock price volatility of a peer group of comparable public companies over a similar term. The PWERM values each class of equity based on an analysis of the range of potential future enterprise values of the company and the manner in which those values would accrue to the owners of the different classes of equity. This method involves estimating the overall value of the subject company under various liquidity event scenarios and allocating the value to the various share classes based on their respective claim on the proceeds as of the date of each event. These different scenarios typically include an initial public offering, an acquisition, or a liquidation of the business, each resulting in a different value. For each scenario, the future value of each share class is calculated and discounted to a present value. The results of each scenario are then probability weighted in order to arrive at an estimate of fair value for each share class as of a current date. The assumptions underlying these valuations represented management s best estimates, which involved inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if the Company had used significantly different assumptions or estimates, the fair value of its common stock and stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different. 
 interest or penalties charged in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 basis to shares of common stock, thereby eliminating the cumulative preferred stock dividend), basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders was computed using the two-class method required for multiple classes of common stock and participating securities based upon their respective rights to receive dividends as if all income for the period has been distributed. The two-class method requires loss available to common stockholders for the period to be allocated between common and participating securities based upon their respective rights to share in undistributed earnings as if all loss for the period had been distributed. The Company s participating securities included the Company s redeemable convertible preferred stock, as the holders were entitled to receive dividends on a pari passu basis in the event that a dividend was paid on common stock. The holders of redeemable convertible preferred stock did not have a contractual obligation to share in losses of the Company, and therefore during periods of loss there was no allocation required under the two-class method. 
 
 million, operating lease liabilities of million, and derecognized deferred rent and other lease liabilities of . There was no material impact to the Company s statements of operations and comprehensive loss upon adoption. Results and disclosures for the year ended December 31, 2022 are presented under ASC 842. Prior period amounts before January 1, 2022 have not been adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the Company s historical accounting under previous lease guidance, ASC 840: Leases (Topic 840). In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The standard simplifies the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also improves consistent application by clarifying and amending existing guidance. The effective date of this update for non-public companies is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 on January 1, 2022, which did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The standard changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets, including accounts and notes receivables. The standard will replace today s incurred loss approach with an expected loss model, under which companies will recognize allowances based on expected rather than incurred losses. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. The effective date of this update for non-public companies is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 and interim periods therein. The Company estimates that adoption will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) Accounting For Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity . The standard simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. Consequently, more convertible debt instruments will be reported as a single liability instrument with no separate accounting for embedded conversion features. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, which will permit more equity contracts to qualify for it. The standard also simplifies the diluted net income per share calculation in certain areas. The effective date of this update for non-public companies is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods therein. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 and interim periods therein. The Company estimates that adoption will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. There were no other significant updates to the recently issued accounting standards other than as disclosed herewith for the year ended December 31, 2022. Although there are several other new accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB, the Company does not believe any of those accounting pronouncements have had or will have a material impact on its financial position or operating results. Reclassifications The Company reclassified certain prior period balances on its consolidated balance sheet, statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and statement of cash flows to conform to the current period presentation. These balances related to amounts incurred from related party transactions with Carnot Pharma, LLC. The services related to these transactions were completed in 2022 and the Company's services agreement with Carnot Pharma, LLC was terminated in 2022. These reclassifications had no effect on total liabilities, loss from operations, or net cash used in operating activities. 

Note 

() 

Commercial paper 

Corporate bonds 

() 

U.S. government agency securities 

Total short-term marketable securities 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Gain 

Unrealized Loss 

Estimated Fair Value 

Short-term marketable securities: 

Commercial paper 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Total short-term marketable securities 

() 

Long-term marketable securities: 

Corporate bonds 

() 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

Total long-term marketable securities 

() 

All the commercial paper, U.S. Treasury and government agency debt securities, and corporate bonds designated as short-term marketable securities have a contractual maturity date that is equal to or less than one year from the respective balance sheet date. Those that are designated as long-term marketable securities have a contractual maturity date that is more than one year from the respective balance sheet date. Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the amortized cost and estimated fair value of the Company's marketable securities. Accrued interest receivable of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, is presented separately within the prepaid expenses and other current assets line items in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 

Corporate bonds 

Commercial paper 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Investments in a continual unrealized loss position for greater than 12 months consist of the following (in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 

Fair Value 

Corporate bonds 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not intend, nor was the Company more likely than not to be required, to sell its available-for-sale investments before the recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be maturity. Therefore, the Company believes it is more likely than not that its marketable securities in an unrealized loss position will be held until maturity or the recovery of the cost basis of the investment. Based on the Company's assessment, it concluded that none of the available-for-sale investments held as of December 31, 2022 were considered to be impaired, as such, impairment loss related to other-than-temporary declines in market value was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. There was material realized gain or loss on available-for-sale securities in the periods presented. 

 100 

Note 

Prepaid research and development expenses 

Prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued research and development expenses 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

Note 
 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding. Prior to conversion, the holders of the Series A, Series A-1, and Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock had various rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions, with respect to voting, dividends, liquidation, and conversion. In March 2021, Series A-1 preferred stockholders exercised their tranche rights in connection with milestone achievements related to Phase 1 clinical trial results of ETX-155. As a result, the Company issued an additional shares of Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred shares for gross proceeds of million. Upon exercise of the tranche rights, the Company reclassified the million in preferred stock tranche liability to Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock on the consolidated balance sheet. In May 2021, the Company issued shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock for gross proceeds of million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no dividends in arrears as all shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock converted to common stock upon the completion of the IPO. 

 Note 
 per share upon issuance. There was no change in value from the date of issuance and December 31, 2020. The Company estimated the fair value of the Series A-1 Tranche Rights using a probability-weighted present value model that considered the probability of triggering the Series A-1 Tranche Rights through achievement of the clinical development milestones specified in the Series A-1 purchase agreement. These estimates were based, in part, on subjective assumptions. Changes to these assumptions could have had a significant impact on the reported fair value of the Series A-1 Tranche Rights. - 

Discount rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term (years) 
 
 - 

Expected volatility 
 
 N/A 

Probability of milestone achievement 
 
 - 

Strike price 

Fair value of each tranche feature 
 
 - 

The Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred tranche liability was settled on March 9, 2021 with the achievement of milestones set forth in the Series A-1 stock purchase agreement. The fair value of the liability was remeasured prior to settlement, resulting in the Company recognizing a loss in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Immediately thereafter, the balance of the redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability of million was reclassified to Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock. 

Change in fair value 

Settlement upon issuance of Series A-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

square feet of office space in Bellevue, Washington. The term of this lease is for a period of months, which commenced on November 1, 2021. The lease contains rent escalation clauses and an option to extend the term of the lease for an additional period at a market rate determined according to the lease. At the inception of the lease and as of December 31, 2022, the Company was not reasonably certain that it will exercise its option to extend the lease, therefore, the period covered by this option is not included within the lease term. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining weighted-average lease term was years. The weighted-average incremental borrowing rate used to determine the operating lease liability was . The Company incurred million and million in rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Present value adjustment 

() 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Legal Proceedings From time to time, the Company may have certain contingent liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities. The Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made and that such expenditures can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. As December 31, 2022, we are not party to any material legal matters or claims. Indemnification In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into agreements that may include indemnification provisions. Pursuant to such agreements, the Company may indemnify, hold harmless, and defend an indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party. Some of the provisions will limit losses to those arising from third-party actions. In some cases, the indemnification will continue after the termination of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these provisions is not determinable. The Company has never incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions. The Company intends to enter into indemnification agreements with its directors and officers that may require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware corporate law. The Company currently has directors and officers insurance coverage that reduces its exposure and enables the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company believes the estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements in excess of applicable insurance coverage is immaterial. 

 Note 
 of the fair value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. Option awards granted typically have terms measured from the option grant date. However, if any employee is a 10 or greater stockholder, the awards have terms measured from the option grant date. While no shares are available for future issuance under the 2019 Plan, it continues to govern outstanding equity awards granted thereunder. 2021 Plan and ESPP terms measured from the option grant date. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan was . In addition, the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2021 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2022, and continuing through and including January 1, 2031, by of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares determined by our board prior to the applicable January 1st. of their earnings, subject to certain limitations, for the purchase of the Company's common stock at a price per share equal to the lower of (a) of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the first day of the offering period, or (b) of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the last day of the offering period. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our ESPP plan. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2022 and continuing through and including January 1, 2031, by the lesser of (1) of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year or (2) a number of shares determined by our board. Shares subject to purchase rights granted under our ESPP that terminate without having been exercised in full will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP. shares have been granted or purchased under the ESPP. 
 Stock Options Awards with vesting conditions under both plans typically include either: (i) vesting on the first anniversary of the grant date with the remainder vesting monthly over the following or (ii) monthly vesting over . The activity for stock options is as follows: 

Options granted 

Options cancelled and forfeited 

() 

Options exercised 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 (1) 

Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

stock options awards outstanding for the period ended December 31, 2022, subject to only performance conditions that have been assessed and deemed not probable . The aggregate intrinsic value disclosed in the above table is based on the difference between the exercise price of the stock option and the fair value of the Company s common stock as of the respective period-end dates. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was per share and per share, respectively. The Black-Scholes option pricing model for employee and nonemployee stock options incorporates the following assumptions: Fair Value of Common Stock Prior to the completion of the Company's IPO, the fair value of the Company's common stock was determined by using straight-line interpolation between the value of common stock derived from valuations performed by independent third party specialists, further described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Fair Value of Common Stock . After the completion of the Company's IPO, the fair value of each share of common stock is based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market. 

 Volatility The expected stock price volatilities are estimated based on the historical and implied volatilities of comparable publicly traded companies as the Company does not have sufficient history of trading its common stock. 

 Risk-free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rates are based on US Treasury yields in effect at the grant date for notes with comparable terms as the awards. 

 Expected Term The expected term represents the period that the Company s stock options are expected to be outstanding and is determined using the simplified method (based on the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term). 

 Dividend Yield The expected dividend yield assumption is based on the Company s current expectations about its anticipated dividend policy. 

 - 
 
 - 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 

Restricted Stock The Company has restricted stock awards with service conditions that vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and monthly thereafter. The restricted stock awards are subject to repurchase by the Company at the original purchase price in the event that the award recipient s employment or relationship is terminated prior to the shares vesting. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

The fair value of restricted stock awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 

General and administrative expense 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options and million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards granted, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 

() 

Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to redemption value and cumulative preferred stock dividends 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Unvested restricted stock awards 

Total potentially dilutive shares 

() 

United Kingdom 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Foreign rate differential 

Non-deductible expenses 

() 

Research credit addback 

Refundable tax credit 

() 

() 

Mark-to-market adjustment 

Stock-based compensation 

Tax credits 

() 

() 

U.K. tax rate change impact on deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 

Intangible asset 

Accrued bonus 

Accrued payroll taxes 

Accrued vacation 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net operating losses 

Research credits 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Unrealized gain or loss 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the business in which the Company operates, projections of future profitability are difficult and past profitability is not necessarily indicative of future profitability. The Company does not believe it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, and accordingly, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforward of approximately million for federal income tax purposes, million for foreign income tax purposes and million for state income tax purposes. These may be used to offset future taxable income. The federal net operation loss carryforward can be carried forward indefinitely while the state net operating loss carryforward will begin to expire in varying amounts in . The Company also has research and development credits of approximately million and million for federal and state income taxes purposes, respectively. The federal credits may be used to offset future taxable income and will begin to expire in varying amounts in . The state credits may be used to offset future taxable income and will begin to expire in varying amounts in . The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. (federal and various states) and the U.K. Currently, no historical years are under examination. The Company s tax years starting in are open and subject to examination by the U.S. (federal and various states) and the U.K. taxing authorities due to the carryforward of utilized net operating losses and research and development credits. Uncertain tax positions are recorded when it is more likely than not that a given tax position would not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company s policy for recording interest and penalties related to income taxes, including uncertain tax positions, is to record such items as a component of the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does t have any uncertain tax positions. The Company has not completed a Section 382 study to assess whether an ownership change has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since the Company s formation. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383, annual use of the Company s net operating loss and research and development tax credit carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than occurs within a three-year period. If eliminated, the related asset would be removed from the deferred tax asset schedule with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by future ownership changes, if any, will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. 

 of each participating employee s eligible compensation. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, total expense recognized from the 401(k) matching contributions was approximately million. The Company also has a workplace pension contribution scheme for U.K.-based employees. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made contributions to the pension scheme of approximately million and million, respectively. 

 in the first half of 2023. The Company estimates that it will incur approximately million in charges in connection with the Restructuring Plan, which will be substantially incurred in 2023. These charges primarily relate to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation. Of the aggregate amount of charges that the Company estimates it will incur in connection with the Restructuring Plan, the Company expects that approximately million will be in future cash expenditures. The actions associated with the Restructuring Plan are expected to be substantially complete by the third quarter of 2023, subject to local law and consultation requirements. 

 108 

It em 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our executive chair (who is our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (who is our principal financial officer) or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on our evaluation, the executive chair and chief financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 Notwithstanding the material weaknesses, management believes the consolidated financial statements as included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our executive chair and our chief financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, because of the unremediated material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses are as follows: 
 We did not design or maintain an effective control environment. Specifically, we lacked a sufficient number of professionals with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters commensurate with accounting and reporting requirements. The lack of personnel contributed to the following material weakness. 

We did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures and controls to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including segregation of duties and controls over the preparation and review of journal entries, account reconciliations and consolidation. 

These material weaknesses did not result in a misstatement to the consolidated financial statements. However, these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of our account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report. 
 109 

Remediation Efforts to Address Material Weaknesses 
 Management has concluded that the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting were due to the fact that we were a private company with limited resources when the material weaknesses were identified and did not have the necessary business processes and related internal controls formally designed and implemented, coupled with the appropriate resources with the appropriate level of experience and technical expertise, to oversee our business processes and controls. 
 We have implemented measures designed to improve internal control over financial reporting to remediate the control deficiencies that led to our material weaknesses. The remediation measures we have taken include: 
 Hired qualified personnel with appropriate expertise to perform specific functions and ensure adequate segregation of key duties and responsibilities; 

Designed and implemented improved policies, processes, and internal controls, including senior management review and audit committee oversight, to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures; 

Implemented and formalized policies, processes, and internal controls to identify and assess complex accounting transactions and other technical accounting and financial reporting matters; 

Implemented new financial systems to improve segregation of duties and controls and reliability of system generated data; and 

Engaged third-party professionals to perform testing over the design and operating effectiveness of controls, who have concluded that our controls have been designed effectively. 

We believe we have made substantial progress toward achieving the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. The actions that have been taken are subject to continued review and testing by management as well as oversight by the audit committee of our board of directors. We will not be able to conclude whether the steps we have taken will fully remediate these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting until we have completed our remediation efforts and subsequent evaluation of their effectiveness. 
 Remediation of a Previously Disclosed Material Weakness 
 As previously disclosed in Part II Item 9A Controls and Procedures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed prior to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we identified an additional material weakness in our internal control related to ineffective IT general controls (ITGCs). 
 In addition to the remediation efforts described above, the Company undertook the following measures to address the material weakness: 
 Implemented ITGCs over new and existing systems; 

Implemented oversight and training on internal control over financial reporting, including training of control owners regarding ITGCs risks, controls and maintaining adequate evidence; and 

Enhanced monitoring of ITGC design and operational effectiveness. 

Management has concluded that this material weakness has been remediated. The applicable controls have been in place for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that the controls operated effectively. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than in connection with the implementation of the remedial measures described above, there have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 It em 9B. Other Information. 
 Not applicable. 
 110 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 111 

PART III 
 It em 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information required by this item and not set forth below will be set forth in the sections headed Election of Directors and Executive Officers contained in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the conclusion of our year ended December 31, 2022 (the Proxy Statement pursuant to General Instructions G(3) of Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A current copy of our code of business conduct and ethics is available under the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.eliemtx.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the code of business conduct and ethics or grants any waiver from a provision of the code of business conduct and ethics to any executive officer or director that are required to be disclosed pursuant to SEC rules, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K. 
 It em 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement in the sections headed Executive and Director Compensation and Director Compensation contained in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 It em 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information required by this item will be set forth in the sections headed Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Executive and Director Compensation contained in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information required by this item will be set forth in the sections headed Certain Related-Person Transactions and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance contained in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Information required by this item will be set forth in the sections headed Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm contained in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 112 

PART IV 
 It em 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report 
 (1) Financial Statements. The following consolidated financial statements of Eliem Therapeutics, Inc., together with the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, required to be filed pursuant to Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included on the following pages: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238) 
 84 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 85 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 86 

Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 87 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 88 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 89 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules. None. 

(3) List of exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K . See part (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits. 

113 

Exhibit Index 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

2.1 
 
 Unit Transfer Agreement, dated February 4, 2019, by and between the Registrant and the Members of NeoKera, LLC. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 2.1 
 
 July 16, 2021 

2.2 
 
 Asset Contribution Agreement, dated February 4, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Carnot, LLC. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 2.2 
 
 July 16, 2021 

2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated October 15, 2020, by and among the Registrant, Athena Merger Sub Inc., Athenen Therapeutics, Inc., AI ETI LLC, as Eliem Representative and Adam Rosenberg, as Athenen Representative. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 2.3 
 
 July 16, 2021 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40708 
 
 3.1 
 
 August 12, 2021 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 3.4 
 
 August 2, 2021 

4.1 
 
 Form of common stock certificate of the Registrant. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 4.1 
 
 August 2, 2021 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-40708 
 
 4.3 
 
 March 7, 2022 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated May 21, 2021, by and among the Registrant and the investors listed on Schedule A thereto. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 16, 2021 

10.2+ 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 10.4 
 
 August 2, 2021 

10.3+ 
 
 Forms of Option Agreement, Stock Option Grant Notice and Notice of Exercise under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 10.5 
 
 August 2, 2021 

10.4+ 
 
 Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 10.6 
 
 August 2, 2021 

10.5+ 
 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 10.7 
 
 August 2, 2021 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, by and between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 10.8 
 
 August 2, 2021 

10.7+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Robert Azelby, effective October 1, 2020, as amended. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 10.9 
 
 August 2, 2021 

10.8+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Erin M. Lavelle, effective October 1, 2020, as amended. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 10.10 
 
 August 2, 2021 

10.9+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Eliem Therapeutics (UK) Ltd. and Valerie Morisset, Ph.D., effective January 1, 2021. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 10.11 
 
 July 16, 2021 

114 

10.10+ 
 
 Separation and Consulting Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and between Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. and Robert Azelby 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40708 
 
 10.1 
 
 February 13, 2023 

10.11+ 
 
 Separation and Consulting Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and between Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. and Erin Lavelle 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40708 
 
 10.2 
 
 February 13, 2023 

10.12+ 
 
 Retention Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, by and between Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. and Valerie Morisset 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-257980 
 
 21.1 
 
 August 2, 2021 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory Plan. 
 115 

It em 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 116 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew Levin 

Andrew Levin, M.D., Ph.D. 

Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Andrew Levin 
 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Andrew Levin, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Erin M. Lavelle 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Erin M. Lavelle 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Judith Dunn 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Judith Dunn, Ph.D. 

/s/ Liam Ratcliffe 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Liam Ratcliffe, M.D., Ph.D. 

/s/ Adam Rosenberg 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Adam Rosenberg 

/s/ Simon Tate 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Simon Tate 

117 

<EX-10>
 2
 elym-ex10_12.htm
 EX-10.12

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.12 
 Valerie Morisset 
 14 February 2023 
 Dear Valerie, 
 Re: Enhancement of your Contractual Terms and Retention Bonus 
 Following the announcement on 9 February 2023 and our discussion on the same date, I am writing to confirm details of the enhancements to the terms of your employment contract (the Contract with Eliem Therapeutics (UK) Ltd (the Company and the retention bonus which are being offered to you as an incentive for your continued service to the Company, as set out in this letter agreement (the Letter ). 
 Enhancement to Contract Terms 
 I am pleased to confirm that, if you sign this Letter, with effect from 9 February 2023 your base salary will be increased to 420,238 per annum and, in addition: 
 Bonus the target value in respect of your eligibility to participate in the Company's discretionary annual bonus scheme shall be increased to 50 of earned salary in the relevant bonus year. Bonus payments are determined by the Board of Directors based on Company performance against corporate objectives, individual performance and any other factors that the Company may take into account from time to time, at its absolute discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, no bonus shall be guaranteed. 

You should keep this letter safe, as it amends the Contract to the extent set out above. 
 Retention Bonus Offer 
 If you sign this Letter, you will also be eligible to earn a retention bonus of up to 420,238 on the terms described below in connection with your continued employment with the Company Retention Bonus ). 
 The Retention Bonus shall be payable to you in two tranches, less all applicable deductions and withholdings, as follows: 
 1. If you remain employed with the Company through 1 April 2023 (the First Retention Date ), you will earn a bonus in the amount of 210,119 (the First Retention Payment ); and 
 2. If you remain employed with the Company through 1 June 2024 (the Second Retention Date ), you will earn a bonus in the amount of 210,119 (the Second Retention Payment ), 
 (each a Retention Bonus Payment ). 
 Each Retention Bonus Payment shall be paid provided that at the Applicable Retention Date you are an employee in good standing who is not (i) on a leave of absence other than holiday or a statutory family leave of absence; and/or (ii) on a performance improvement plan. If you have earned a Retention Bonus Payment, it will be paid in the next normal payroll following the Applicable Retention Date. Any bonus payment payable to you shall not be taken into account for the purpose of calculating pension contributions. 
 Any Second Retention Payment payable to you will be reduced pro rata, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to reflect the period of your absence (other than holiday) between the First Retention Date and the Second Retention Date. 
 In the event that, at any time on or prior to the date that you receive the First Retention Payment, you resign from your employment with the Company, your employment is terminated by the Company for a Summary Termination Reason (as defined below), or your employment terminates as a result of your death or disability, then you will not have earned and will not be paid any Retention Bonus. 
 In the event that, at any time in the period between the date that you receive the First Retention Payment and the Second Retention Date, you resign from or terminate your employment with the Company then, within 28 days of the termination date, you shall repay to the Company the First Retention Payment as a lump sum debt, except that you shall only be required repay income tax and employee national insurance contributions which have been withheld from the First Retention Payment within fourteen (14) calendar days of your receipt of reimbursement of the same from HMRC following a negative earnings claim (which you agree to use best endeavours to submit and pursue as soon as practicable (and, in any event, within 1 month) after the termination of your employment that triggers your obligation to repay the First Retention Payment). In agreeing to the terms of this Letter you expressly agree that if you owe any sum to the Company pursuant to this paragraph then the Company shall be entitled to deduct such sum from your final salary payment(s) or any other payments due from the Company to you. 
 
 In the event that, at any time on or prior to the date that you receive the Second Retention Payment, you resign from your employment with the Company, your employment is terminated by the Company for a Summary Termination Reason, or your employment terminates as a result of your death or disability, then you will not have earned and will not be paid any Second Retention Payment. 
 In the event that the Company terminates your employment without a Summary Termination Reason, and other than as a result of your death or disability, at any time prior to the date that you receive the Second Retention Payment, then you will be eligible to receive the full Retention Bonus, provided that: (i) you continue to comply with your obligations under all agreements entered into between you and the Company or Eliem Therapeutics, Inc.; and (ii) if requested by the Company, you enter into a settlement agreement under which you provide a general waiver of claims in favour of the Company (and its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, and affiliates) in a form satisfactory to the Company on or before the date specified by the Company. In such circumstances, the outstanding Retention Bonus will be paid in the next practicable normal payroll following the return of the signed settlement agreement to the Company. 
 For purposes of this Letter the following definitions apply: 
 Applicable Retention Date means (i) in respect of the First Retention Payment the First Retention Date; and (ii) in respect of the Second Retention Payment the Second Retention Date. 
 Summary Termination Reason means: (i) conviction of a crime (other than an offence under the road traffic legislation in the United Kingdom or abroad for which you are not sentenced to any term of imprisonment, whether immediate or suspended); (ii) commitment of an act of fraud or willful breach of trust against the Company; (iii) any material breach of this Agreement or any other written agreement between you and the Company; or (iv) any other circumstances justifying the summary termination of your employment with the Company (without notice or payment in lieu of notice) in accordance with the terms of the Contract. 
 Except as expressly stated herein, nothing in this Letter changes the Contract. 
 This Letter together with the Contract constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between you and the Company with regard to its subject matter. This Letter is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation, written or oral, other than those expressly contained herein, and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties or representations. The terms set out in this Letter may not be modified or amended except in a writing signed by both you and a duly authorised officer of the Company. If any provision of this Letter is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination will not affect any other provision of this Letter and the provision in question will be modified so as to be rendered enforceable. 
 This Letter will be deemed to have been entered into and will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of England and Wales without respect to conflicts of law principles. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and may be signed and delivered by PDF or any electronic signature, and shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and executed and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 If you wish to accept the terms set out in this Letter, please sign below and return it to me within seven (7) days. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Sincerely, 

/s/ Andrew Levin 

Executive Chairman 

On behalf of Eliem Therapeutics (UK) Ltd 

I understand and agree to the terms of this Letter: 

/s/ Valerie Morisset 

Valerie Morisset 

14 February 2023 
 Date 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 3
 elym-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-263347 and 333-258771) of Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. of our report dated March 6, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 March 6, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 elym-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Andrew Levin, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Eliem Therapeutics, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew Levin 

Andrew Levin, M.D., Ph.D. 

Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 elym-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Erin M. Lavelle, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Eliem Therapeutics, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Erin M. Lavelle 

Erin M. Lavelle 

Executive Vice President Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 elym-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew Levin 

Andrew Levin, M.D., Ph.D. 

Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 elym-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eliem Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Erin M. Lavelle 

Erin M. Lavelle 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 elym-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 elym-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 elym-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 elym-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 elym-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

