<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1861622_0001493152-23-005793.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4887945</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>446933</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>797852</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1651567</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>872752</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1003829</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-005793.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222171531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-005793
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oxbridge Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001861622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40725
		FILM NUMBER:		23654577

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 201, 42 EDWARD STREET
		CITY:			GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-345-749-7570

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 201, 42 EDWARD STREET
		CITY:			GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-005793.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 (Address
of principal executive offices and zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

The
 Capital Market 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Small
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by the check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). NO 

As
of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate
market value of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates
of the Registrant, was approximately . 

As
of February 22, 2023, there were shares of Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, and shares of Class B ordinary
shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 ii 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 41 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 41 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 41 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 41 
 
 PART II 
 
 42 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 42 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 43 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 43 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 48 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 48 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 49 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 49 
 
 PART III 
 
 50 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 50 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 60 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 61 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 64 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 65 
 
 PART IV 
 
 66 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 66 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 68 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. This Annual Report
on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements
under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections,
forecasts and forward-looking statements, and are not guarantees of performance. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they
do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this Annual Report, words such as anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 strive, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning
future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those
that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control)
or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other
factors: 

our
 being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues; 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 directors and officers allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination; 

the
 ability of our directors and officers to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our directors and officers to generate potential business combination opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below and described herein) or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our
 financial performance; and 

the
 other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in
 our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including in our Form S-1 that we filed with
 the SEC relating to our initial public offering. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws 

ii 

PART
I 

References
in this annual report to we, us, company, OXAC, or our company 
are to Oxbridge Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to management or our management
team are to our officers and directors. References to our sponsor are to OAC Sponsor Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted
company. References to our initial shareholder are to our sponsor, the holder of our Class B ordinary shares prior to our
initial public offering. 

Item
1. Business. 

Introduction 

We
are a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenue
to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we
have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. 

Our
executive offices are located at Suite 201, 42 Edward Street, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands and our telephone number is +1
(345) 749-7570. Our corporate website address is www.oxbridgeaq.com . Our website and the information contained on, or that can
be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this annual report.
You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. 

Company
History 

On
April 12, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares (our founder shares for an aggregate
purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share. Our Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares, on a one-for-one basis, upon the completion of a business combination. The number of founder shares issued was based on the expectation
that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares (collectively,
our ordinary shares upon completion of our initial public offering (the IPO ). 

On
August 16, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 10,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000 and incurring
offering costs of approximately 6,624,000, inclusive of approximately 3,500,000 in deferred underwriting commissions. The underwriter
was granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the initial public offering to purchase up to 1,500,000
additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at 10.00 per Unit. On August 16, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment
option in full and, purchased an additional 1,500,000 Over-Allotment Units, generating additional gross proceeds of 15,000,000, and
incurring additional offering costs of 825,000, inclusive of approximately 525,000 of deferred underwriting commissions. Each warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 5,760,000 warrants to the sponsor and Maxim Group LLC Maxim ),
the underwriter in our initial public offering (the private placement warrants ), at a price of 1.00 per private placement
warrant, generating gross proceeds of 5,760,000. An aggregate of 116,725,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement
warrants was placed in a trust account (the trust account such that the trust account held 116,725,000 at the time of
closing of the IPO. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject
to certain adjustments. 

On
September 30, 2021, we announced that, commencing October 1, 2021, holders of the 11,500,000 units sold in the IPO may elect to separately
trade the shares of Class A ordinary shares and the warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade on The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbol OXACU and the Class A ordinary shares and warrants that
were separated trade under the symbols OXAC and OXACW, respectively. 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM of shareholders. At the EGM, the
Company s shareholders were presented the proposals to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business
combination (the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the
Board of Directors) by amending the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Extension Amendment
Proposal ). The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association Charter Amendment was approved. The Company filed the Charter Amendment with the Cayman Islands
Registrar of Companies on November 11, 2022. 

In
connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 10,313,048 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.22 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of 105,424,960 in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. 

The
sponsor has agreed to contribute to us a loan of 575,000 (the Extension Loan ), to be deposited into the trust account
to extend the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023. On November 14, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note
(the Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of 575,000 to the sponsor, in connection with the Extension
Loan. The Extension Loan was deposited into the trust account on November 15, 2022. 

1 

The
Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of an initial
business combination, or (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The SEC s website (http://www.sec.gov) contains such reports,
proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. In accordance with the
requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered
public accounting firm. 

Effecting
a Business Combination 

Our
Business Strategy 

We
believe that the blockchain technology and artificial intelligence sectors are highly fragmented and evolving quickly. Our
business strategy is to identify and consummate an initial business combination with a company that focuses on leveraging technology,
blockchain or artificial intelligence to grow its business. We will seek to acquire businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound
but potentially in need of financial, operational, strategic or managerial redirection to maximize value. We may also look at earlier
stage companies that exhibit the potential to change the industries in which they participate and which will offer the potential of sustained
high levels of revenue growth and path to profitability. 

We
intend to employ a thematic acquisition strategy, and are focused on long-term shareholder value growth and building a leading franchise.
Our strategy is to: 

target a company with potentially disruptive and differentiated technology; 

fully leverage the industry experience and broad network of our executive officers, board members and advisors to identify potential
investment opportunities and successfully execute acquisition transactions; 

deliver creative approaches to transaction sourcing, while exercising pricing discipline; and 

utilize an understanding of global financial markets and events, financing, restructuring and overall corporate strategy options. 

Our
business combination strategy will leverage the following attributes of our management team: 

Broad network, proprietary contacts, corporate relationships including financing providers and investment market participants, private
equity groups, investment banks, accounting firms, target management teams and companies or individuals that represent sellers); 

Industry experience developed through operating, managing, marketing and growing businesses in the insurance industry; 

Investing and building companies in various sectors with unique market insights; 

Substantial experience in navigating the challenges of operating public companies; and 

Engaging with public market analysts and investors to help companies better communicate their business model, opportunity and strategy
to maximize value for their shareholders. 

In
addition to assisting in the sourcing of a potential transaction, members of our management team may join the acquired company as a board
member or in a senior executive capacity or assist in the operation of the acquired company in order to enhance shareholder value by
improving the operational performance of the combined company and undertaking broader strategic initiatives. 

2 

Business
Combination Criteria 

Our
intent is to seek potential target businesses globally. The maturity and judgment of our team will guide our acquisition process. When
potential targets are being evaluated, we expect to use the following, non-exclusive criteria listed below for determining opportunities.
We will use these criteria when evaluating business combination opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that does not meet all or some of these criteria: 

Is
 Established and of Sufficient Scale . We will seek to acquire an established business with an enterprise value suitable for
 the reduced size of our company, and without excessive leverage. 

Has
 a Defensible Market Position. We will seek to acquire a business that has a defensible position within a target market as
 a result of a differentiated technology, distribution capabilities, customer service or other competitive advantages. 

Generates
 Stable Free Cash-Flow. We will seek to acquire a business that has historically generated, or has the near-term potential
 to generate, strong and sustainable free cash flow. 

Is
 Sourced Through our Proprietary Channels. We expect to acquire a business that we source by leveraging the extensive network
 of our management team and do not expect to participate in broadly marketed processes. 

Can
 Benefit from our Capabilities. We will seek to acquire a business whose performance and operations can benefit from the collective
 capabilities of our sponsor, founders and management team and their expertise to tangibly improve the operations and market position
 of the target. 

Has
 a Committed and Capable Management Team. We will seek to acquire a business with a professional management team whose interests
 are aligned with those of our shareholders and complement the expertise of our management team. Where necessary, we may also look
 to complement and enhance the capabilities of the target business s management team by recruiting additional talent through
 our network of contacts. 

Has
 the Potential to Grow Through Further Acquisition Opportunities. We will seek to acquire a business that has the potential
 to grow through additional acquisitions. 

Has
 publicly traded peers. We will seek to acquire a business that either has publicly traded comparable companies that operate
 in a similar industry sector or which has recently raised capital privately which may help establish that the valuation of our initial
 business combination is relatively attractive; 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet
the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that
we would file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. 

Additional
Disclosures 

Our
Acquisition Process 

Each
of our directors and officers presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our directors or officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect
our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or complete our initial business combination. 

3 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of net assets test. If our Board
of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company
we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries
in conjunction with our initial business combination. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be
approved by a majority of our independent directors. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, also
provide that any initial business combination must be approved by at least 75 of our Board of Directors. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however,
structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding
capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target business or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in
connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target.
However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business
combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less
than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value
test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the
aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

Extension
of Time to Complete Business Combination 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination. The Charter Amendment was filed with the Cayman Islands
Registrar of Companies on November 11, 2022, and we now have until August 16, 2023 to complete an initial business combination. 

4 

Facilities 

We
maintain our principal executive offices at Suite 201, 42 Edward Street, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. We pay our sponsor
 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services pursuant to the terms of an administrative services agreement
between us and our sponsor. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We
currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but
they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period to our company will vary based on whether a target business has
been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. We do not intend to have
any full-time employees prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

Competition 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check
companies looking for business combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are
sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we believe there are numerous
target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement warrants,
if we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 11.07 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act ), and may take advantage of
certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. 

5 

We
have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company
which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period
difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of our initial public offering, or December 31, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07
billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which
we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, and the prospectus
relating to our IPO, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial
condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline,
and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that
adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks associated with: 

being
 a newly incorporated exempted company without an operating history; 

material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting; 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; 

delay
 in receiving distributions from the trust account; 

lack
 of opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination; 

lack
 of protections afforded to investors of blank check companies; 

issuance
 of equity and/or debt securities to complete a business combination; 

lack
 of working capital; 

third-party
 claims reducing the per-share redemption price; 

negative
 interest rate for securities in which we may invest the funds held in the trust account; 

our
 shareholders being held liable for claims by third parties against us; 

failure
 to enforce our sponsor s indemnification obligations; 

warrant
 holders limited to exercising warrants only on a cashless basis; 

the
 ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company; 

dependence
 on key personnel; 

conflicts
 of interest of our sponsor, officers and directors; 

the
 delisting of our securities by Nasdaq; 

dependence
 on a single target business with a limited number of products or services; 

our
 shareholders inability to vote or redeem their shares in connection with our extensions; 

shares
 being redeemed and warrants becoming worthless; 

our
 competitors with advantages over us in seeking business combinations; 

ability
 to obtain additional financing; 

our
 initial shareholders controlling a substantial interest in us; 

warrants
 adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares; 

disadvantageous
 timing for redeeming warrants; 

registration
 rights adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares; 

business
 combination with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction; 

changes
 in laws or regulations , including recent proposed rules related to SPACs; and 

tax
 consequences to business combinations. 

6 

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR SEARCH FOR, CONSUMMATION OF, OR INABILITY TO CONSUMMATE, A BUSINESS COMBINATION AND POST-BUSINESS COMBINATION RISKS 

Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our
initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder
approval under applicable Cayman Islands law or the rules of Nasdaq or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other
reasons. Examples of transactions that would not ordinarily require shareholder approval under Cayman Islands law or the rules of Nasdaq
include asset acquisitions and capital stock or share purchases, while transactions such as direct mergers with our company or transactions
where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares would require shareholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow
us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking
to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we
were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder
approval of such business combination. Except as required by applicable law or Nasdaq rules, the decision as to whether we will seek
shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will
be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business
combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we
consummate. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law,
or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder
approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive approximately 11.07 per share on the liquidation of
our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more
target businesses. Since our Board of Directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders
may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if
we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in
our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

7 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
approximately 11.07 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants,
our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, if we are obligated to pay cash for the Class A ordinary shares redeemed and, in the event we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination, we make purchases of our Class A ordinary shares, the resources available to us for our initial
business combination may be reduced. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating
a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 11.07 per share (or less in certain circumstances) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In
certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 11.07 per share on the redemption of their shares. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders may be less than 11.07 per share and other risk factors herein. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors altogether. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be at least 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that
we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may
be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition,
each as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an
alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business
combination transaction with us. 

8 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust
account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for
redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust
account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions
of the Class B ordinary shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of
the Class B shares at the time of the initial business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most
desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until
we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market;
however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate
or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms
that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination by August 16, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over
us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target
business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer
to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business
combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only
receive approximately 11.07 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
initial shareholder, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete by August 16, 2023. We may
not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not
completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our
public shareholders may only receive approximately 11.07 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public shareholders may receive less than 11.07 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than 11.07 per share and other risk factors herein. 

9 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholder, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates
may elect to purchase shares from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public
 float of our ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial shareholder, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates,
may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that
such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to
exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial shareholders, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates purchase
shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such
selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The price per share paid in any such transaction
may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our
initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby
increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our
securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on
a national securities exchange. 

10 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable,
such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder
fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of
our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to
amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 16, 2023, or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of
all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by August 16, 2023,
subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest
of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect
to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at
a loss. 

You
are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because
we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of our initial public offering and the private placement
and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet of the company demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from
rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded
the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial
business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering was subject to Rule 419, that rule
would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account
were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of private placement warrants that not being held in the trust account are
insufficient to allow us to operate for at least through to August 16, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

The
funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate through August 16, 2023
assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of
our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through our initial public offering and potential loans
from certain of our affiliates. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to
raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact
the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. 

We
believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate through to August 16,
2023. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with
our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision
(a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies
on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have
any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target
business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient
funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public shareholders may receive approximately 11.07 per share (or less in certain circumstances) on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than
 11.07 per share on the redemption of their shares. 

11 

If
the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are
insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business
combination and we will depend on loans from our initial shareholders or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial
business combination. 

If
we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our initial shareholders, management team or other third
parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our initial shareholders, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates
is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside
the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 11.07 per share (or less in certain circumstances)
on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In such case, our public shareholders may only receive
 11.07 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Subsequent
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface
all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues
through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later
arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 11.07 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such
agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

12 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public shareholders could be less than the 11.07 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. 

Our
sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor (other than our independent registered accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 11.07 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our
initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations
and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to
satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside
to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available
for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 11.07 per public share. In such event, we may not
be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption
of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 11.07 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors, who are also members
of our sponsor, would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we
currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any
particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the
trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 11.07 per share. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our Board of Directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition,
our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby
exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors. 

13 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account,
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine
of up to 18,292 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our public shareholders will
not have the right to appoint directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one
full year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to
hold annual or extraordinary general meetings in order to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders
may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management. In addition, prior to our initial business combination,
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of our directors. Our initial shareholders have agreed
that, subject to applicable law, neither of our initial shareholders will vote their founder shares to change the size of our board of
directors or, without the others consent, with respect to appointment of directors. As holders of our Class A ordinary shares,
our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to consummation of our initial business
combination. 

Because
we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We
may pursue acquisition opportunities in any one of numerous industries, except that we will not, under our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, be permitted to effectuate our business combination with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to a business
combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business operations, results
of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be
affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable
business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and
operations of a financially unstable or an early stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk
factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such
opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of
a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

14 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue
an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s
expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be
able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders
following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have
a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks
include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be
outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or from an independent registered public accounting firm,
and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity, or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the fair market
value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an independent accounting
firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our
shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board of Directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally
accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, related to our initial business combination. However, if our Board of Directors is unable to determine the fair value
of an entity with which we seek to complete an initial business combination based on such standards, we will be required to obtain an
opinion as described above. 

15 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement
disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financing reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,
or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to
disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control
over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank
check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public
companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such
entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
a business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except
that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either
immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions
(such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial
business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed
their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their
shares to our initial shareholders, directors, officers or advisors, or their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash
consideration we would be required to pay for all ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to
us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

16 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and modified governing instruments. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination
that our shareholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and
modified governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption
thresholds and extended the period of time in which it had to consummate a business combination. We cannot assure you that we will not
seek to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, or governing instruments or extend the time in which
we have to consummate a business combination through amending our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended,
will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. 

The
provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, that relate to our pre-initial business
combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account),
including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive
upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended with the approval of holders of at least
two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some
other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association, as amended, and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our
shareholders may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to a company s pre-initial business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s
shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public
shareholders. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, provide that any of its provisions, including
those related to pre-initial business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering
and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide
redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein and in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association,
as amended, or an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive
upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated), but excluding the provision of the articles relating to the
appointment of directors, may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in
a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended
if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares. Should our initial shareholders vote all their shares in favor of any such amendment
at a meeting at which only the minimum quorum is present (and if the representative shares are voted in favor of the amendment), we would
not need any of the public shares outstanding to be voted in favor of any such amendment for its approval. We may not issue additional
securities that can vote on amendments to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended. Our initial shareholders,
which collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association, as amended, and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses. As a result,
we may be able to amend the provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, which govern our
pre-initial business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete
a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to
allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot ascertain
the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the obligation to redeem
for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or
the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek
additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable
terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require
such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material
adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required
to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public shareholders may receive approximately 11.07 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and
our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 11.07 per share on the redemption
of their shares. 

17 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may
receive only approximately 11.07 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only
approximately 11.07 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them
to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial
business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business
combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business
combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination
as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities
we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose
to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

18 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a
business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidates key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be
subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be
subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the
following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely
impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

19 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise
incur outstanding debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business
combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount
available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
 financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
 and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
 of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Of
the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, and shareholder redemptions in
connection with our Extension Amendment Proposal, approximately 13 million is available to complete our business combination and
pay related fees and expenses (which includes up to 4,025,000 for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions and 575,000 for the payment of promissory note payable). 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several
business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may
be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

20 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors altogether. 

We
face risks related to insurance sector companies. 

Business
combinations with companies in the insurance sector entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business
combination with such a target business, we will be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: 

Compliance with governmental regulations and changes in laws
and regulations and risks from investigations and legal proceedings could be costly and could adversely affect operating results; 

We may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals in connection
with a business combination in a timely manner, or at all, and this delay or failure may result in additional expenditures of money and
resources, jeopardize our efforts to consummate a business combination within required time periods and force us to liquidate; 

21 

Each
 of our target businesses in the insurance sector will be subject to extensive regulation, which may adversely affect our ability
 to achieve our business objectives; in addition, if a target business fails to comply with these regulations, it may be subject to
 penalties, including fines and suspensions, which could reduce our earnings significantly; 

If
 we fail to properly evaluate the financial position and reserves of a target business with which we enter into a business combination,
 our losses and benefits from the operation of that business may exceed our loss and benefit reserves, which could have a significantly
 adverse effect on our results of operations; 

A
 downgrade in the claims paying and financial strength ratings of a target business may cause significant declines in its revenues
 and earnings; 

Changes
 in market interest rates or in the equity security markets may impair the performance of a target business investments, the
 sales of its investment products and issuers of securities held in the portfolio of the target business; 

The
 exclusions and limitations in policies written by a target business may not be enforceable; 

Cyclical
 changes in the property/casualty insurance industry may negatively impact a target business results of operations; 

Catastrophic
 losses are unpredictable and may adversely affect the results of operations, liquidity and financial condition of a target business; 

A
 target business may be subject to assessments and other surcharges from state guaranty funds, mandatory reinsurance arrangements
 and state insurance facilities, which may reduce or otherwise impair profitability; 

Reliance
 by a target business on information technology and telecommunications systems and the failure or disruption of these systems could
 disrupt its operations and adversely affect its results of operations; 

If
 our target business established reserves for insurance claims are insufficient, its earnings may be reduced or it could suffer
 losses; and 

If
 a target business is engaged in insurance brokerage, a reduction in insurance premium rates and commission rates may have an adverse
 effect on its operations and profits. 

Any
of the foregoing could have a negative adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying
prospective target businesses will not be limited to the insurance sector. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry,
these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate
or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

We
may face risks related to businesses in the InsurTech sector. 

Business
combinations with businesses in the InsurTech sector may involve special considerations and risks. If we complete our initial business
combination with a business in the financial services industry or a business providing technology services to the financial industry,
we will be subject to the following risks, any of which could be detrimental to us and the business we acquire: 

If
 we are unable to keep pace with evolving technology and changes in the InsurTech sector, our revenues and future prospects may decline; 

Our
 ability to provide InsurTech products and services to customers may be reduced or eliminated by regulatory changes; 

22 

Any
 business or company we acquire could be vulnerable to cyberattack or theft of individual identities or personal data; 

Difficulties
 with any products or services we provide could damage our reputation and business; 

A
 failure to comply with privacy regulations could adversely affect relations with customers and have a negative impact on business;
 and 

We
 may not be able to protect our intellectual property and we may be subject to infringement claims. 

Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying
prospective target businesses will not be limited to businesses in the InsurTech sector. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business
in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry
in which the target business which we acquire operates, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations under applicable accounting standards, management has
determined that our possible need for additional financing to enable us to negotiate and complete our initial business combination,
as well as the deadline by which we may be required to liquidate our trust account, raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern through approximately one year from the date the financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were issued. 

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR SPONSOR AND MANAGEMENT TEAM 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts
of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the
management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial
business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be
unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

We
are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, Mr. Madhu, our Chief Executive Officer, Mr.
Timothy, our Chief Financial Officer, and our directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers
and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We
do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss
of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Since
our initial shareholders, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination
is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for
our initial business combination. 

On
April 12, 2021, our sponsor purchased 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per
share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. Our
initial shareholders own approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete
an initial business combination. 

In
addition, our sponsor and Maxim, the representative to the underwriters in our initial public offering, have purchased 5,760,000 private
placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, Our
sponsor and Maxim have purchased 4,897,500 and 862,500 warrants, respectively, but such warrants will be worthless if we do
not complete our initial business combination. Each of our officers (and directors) has made an investment in our sponsor and is a member
of our sponsor. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying
and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business
following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as August 16, 2023 nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 

23 

The
founder shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units being sold in our initial public offering except that (i) holders
of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of our directors prior to our initial business combination, (ii) the
founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, (iii) our initial shareholders, officers and directors have entered into
a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares
and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by
August 16, 2023 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame) and
(iv) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination,
or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described
herein and in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended. 

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several
other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute
any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities.
If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs
in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact
on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain
of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
Our initial shareholders and officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies
or investment vehicles) that are engaged in making and managing investments in a similar business, although they may not participate
in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition companies with a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we
have failed to complete our initial business combination by August 16, 2023. 

Our
officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other
entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. As a result, they will have a duty to offer acquisition opportunities
to certain clients or other entities. Accordingly, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target
business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. 

24 

Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our initial shareholders,
our directors or officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our initial shareholders, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our initial shareholders, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more
businesses affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers and directors. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board
members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may
compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors are not currently aware of any
specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there
have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically
focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such
affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent directors.
Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders
valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our
company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with
our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business
combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since
our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket
expenses if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business
combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

At
the closing of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be
reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf. These financial interests of our sponsor, officers and
directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination and completing an initial business
combination. 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than
100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not
consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital
stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less
than a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion of the company s shares
than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of
the target business. 

25 

Our
initial shareholders will control the appointment of our Board of Directors until consummation of our initial business combination and
will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will appoint all of our directors and may exert a substantial influence on
actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our
initial shareholders owns approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, the founder shares, all of which
are held by our initial shareholders, will entitle the initial shareholders to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business
combination. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions
of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least
90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the appointment of directors
prior to our initial business combination. 

Neither
our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities.
Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our
Class A ordinary shares. In addition, as a result of its substantial ownership in our company, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial
influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders
purchase any additional ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its influence
over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will exert significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote
at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES 

The
securities in which we may invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the
value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 11.07 per
share. 

The
proceeds held in the trust account can be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly
yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years,
and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies
in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in
trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 11.07 per share. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We
cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination.
In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial,
distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000)
and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business
combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous
than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance,
our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our shareholders equity would generally be required
to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot
holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet
those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to
list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market.
If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A
 ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
 market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

26 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually
our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be covered securities.
Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate
companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the
sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the
sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check
companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies
in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject
to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose
the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, provide that a
public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. 
However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against
our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete
our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market
transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial
business combination. As a result, you would continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares,
would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class
B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended. Any such issuances would dilute the interest
of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, authorize the issuance of up to 400,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, 40,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share and 4,000,000 undesignated preference shares,
par value 0.0001 per share. There are 381,438,048 and 37,125,000 authorized but unissued Class A and Class B ordinary shares available,
respectively, for issuance, which amount takes into account shares issuable to the underwriter and shares reserved for issuance upon
exercise of outstanding warrants but not upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary shares are convertible into
Class A ordinary shares, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended. Immediately after our initial public offering, there will be no preference shares issued
and outstanding. 

27 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary shares, and may issue preference shares, in order to complete our initial business
combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary
shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination
as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended.
However, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, provide, among other things, that prior to our
initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds
from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preference shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary
 shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability
 to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and
 directors; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

We
are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor
from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We
have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file, and within 60 business
days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering such shares and maintain
a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants
in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts
or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial
statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any
shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following
the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis
pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption,
or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. We will use our best
efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will
we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that
we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available.
If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification,
the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In
such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for
the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption
right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state
blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such
shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public
offering. 

28 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial shareholder and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete
our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary
shares. 

Pursuant
to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our initial
shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares, after those shares convert to our Class
A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted
transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, may demand that we register
such warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities.
The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business
combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake
they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A
ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants
or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

Provisions
in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals
that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of the
Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make more difficult the removal of
management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote
in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Unlike
other blank check companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the
votes cast by the public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers and directors
have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any
founder shares held by them, as well as any public shares purchased after our initial public offering, in favor of our initial business
combination. Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees owned approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares at the time of our extraordinary general meeting in November 2022 to extend the deadline to consummate a business combination.
As a result of this meeting, 10,313,048 public shares were redeemed and our initial shareholder now own approximately 69 of the current
issued and outstanding ordinary shares. As such, we will not require any of the public shares to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming
all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. 

The
exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in many similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the
warrants are more likely to expire worthless. 

The
exercise price of the public warrants is higher than is typical in many similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, the
exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise
price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. As a result, the warrants are less likely
to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless. 

29 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike
some other blank check companies, if 

(i) 
 we
 issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of
 our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price (as defined in the warrants) of less than 9.20 per share; 

(ii) 
 the
 aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
 for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
 and 

(iii) 
 the
 Market Value (as defined in the warrants) is below 9.20 per share, 

then
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target
business. 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which
could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of
the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management team. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants. 

Our
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public
warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend
the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve
of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding
public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of
the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

30 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If
(i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our
initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial
business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value of our Class A ordinary shares is below 9.20 per share, the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.15 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
business combination with a target business. 

Our
warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period
reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We
have issued an aggregate of 17,260,000 warrants in connection with our initial public offering (comprised of the 11,500,000 warrants
included in the units in our initial public offering and the 5,760,000 private placement warrants). We have accounted for these as a
warrant liability and have recorded at fair value upon issuance with any changes in fair value period reported in earnings. The impact
of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential
targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for
us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their expiration at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of
 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as
adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption
to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of
shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are
unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. Redemption of
the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous
for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or
(iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held
by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees. 

Our
management s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive
fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their
warrants for cash. 

If
we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria have been satisfied, our management will have the option to
require any holder that wishes to exercise his or her warrant (including any warrants held by our initial shareholders, officers or directors,
other purchasers of our founders private placement warrants, or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. 
If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received
by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. This will have
the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company. 

31 

Our
warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult
to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We
have issued warrants to purchase 17,260,000 of our Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment). Our
initial shareholders own an aggregate of 2,875,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on
a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended.
In addition, if our initial shareholders make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants,
at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. To
the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number
of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce
the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may
make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The
private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that, so long
as they are held by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) they may be exercised by
the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) the holders thereof (including with respect to ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such
warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 

If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by August 16, 2023, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond
August 16, 2023 before redemption from our trust account. 

If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by August 16, 2023, we will distribute the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (less up to 100,000 of any net interest earned thereon to pay dissolution expenses),
pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs,
as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function
of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind
up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation
process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case,
investors may be forced to wait beyond August 16, 2023 before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and
they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then
in cases where investors have sought to redeem their ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders
be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 

GENERAL
RISK FACTORS 

We
are a newly incorporated company with limited operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective. 

We
are a newly incorporated exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited operating results. Because we
lack a substantial operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing
our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will
never generate any operating revenues. 

32 

Past
performance by our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team and their affiliates is presented for informational purposes
only. Past performance by our management team, including their affiliates past performance, is not a guarantee either (i) of success
with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial
business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team and their affiliates as indicative of our future
performance and you may lose all or part of your invested capital. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of
our management team have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. Our officers and directors have not had management
experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition corporations in the past. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in
taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We
may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located. The transaction may require a shareholder to recognize taxable
income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent
entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject to withholding
taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Certain
agreements related to our initial public offering may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Certain
agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to our initial public offering, the investment management trust agreement between
us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the letter agreement among us and our initial shareholders, officers, directors
and director nominees, the registration rights agreement among us and our initial shareholders and the administrative services agreement
between us and our sponsor, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public
shareholders might deem to be material. For example, the underwriting agreement related to our initial public offering contains a covenant
that the target company that we acquire must have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account at the
time of signing the definitive agreement for the transaction with such target business (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on any income earned on the trust account) so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq.
While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may
be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments
to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendment may have an adverse
effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares
or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting
requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception.
Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be
any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as
a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be
determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor
to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual
information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but
there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect
to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules
to holders of our ordinary shares and warrants. 

33 

An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain or adverse United States federal income tax consequences. 

An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain United States federal income consequences. There are no authorities that directly
address instruments similar to the units we have issued in our initial public offering and therefore, the allocation an investor makes
with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the ordinary share and the warrant included in each unit could be challenged by
the IRS or the courts. If such a challenge were to be successful, an investor could be subjected to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
that would be different than those described herein. Furthermore, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the ordinary
shares suspend the running of the holding period for a U.S. Holder for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such
holder upon a disposition of the ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and determining whether any dividend we pay would
be considered qualified dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, each prospective investor is
urged to consult a tax advisor with respect to the specific tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our ordinary
shares and warrants, including the applicability and effect of state, local or non-U.S. tax laws, as well as U.S. federal tax laws. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more
difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case
we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

34 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against
our directors or officers. 

Our
corporate affairs are governed by our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, the Companies Act (as the same
may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action
against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands
law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from
comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are
of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions
in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and
certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman
Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We
have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely
(i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the
federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities
against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as
the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in
the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign
money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain
conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a
liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the
same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural
justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public
policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

35 

As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the Board of Directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States
company. 

After
our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or
their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in foreign countries that are subject to political, economic, and other uncertainties. 

We
may seek acquisitions opportunities that have operations outside the United States. As a result, we could face political and economic
risks and other uncertainties with respect these potential international operations. These risks may include the following, among other
things: 

loss
 of revenue, property, and equipment or delays in operations as a result of hazards such as expropriation, war, piracy, acts of terrorism,
 insurrection, civil unrest, and other political risks, including tension and confrontations among political parties; 

transparency
 issues in general and, more specifically, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption
 compliance laws and issues; 

increases
 in taxes and governmental royalties; 

unilateral
 renegotiation of contracts by governmental entities; 

redefinition
 of international boundaries or boundary disputes; 

difficulties
 enforcing our rights against a governmental agency because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity and foreign sovereignty over international
 operations; 

difficulties
 enforcing our rights against a governmental agency in the absence of an appropriate and adequate dispute resolution mechanism to
 address contractual disputes, such as international arbitration; 

changes
 in laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies; 

foreign-exchange
 restrictions; and 

international
 monetary fluctuations and changes in the relative value of the U.S. dollar as compared to the currencies of other countries in which
 we conduct business. 

Outbreaks
of civil and political unrest and acts of terrorism have occurred in countries in Europe, Africa, South America, and the Middle East,
including countries close to or where we may seek an acquisition. Continued or escalated civil and political unrest and acts of terrorism
in the countries in which we may operate could result in our curtailing operations or delays in project completions. In the event that
countries in which we may operate experience civil or political unrest or acts of terrorism, especially in events where such unrest leads
to an unseating of the established government, our operations could be materially impaired. Our potential international operations may
also be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by laws, policies, and regulations of the United States affecting foreign trade and
taxation, including U.S. trade sanctions. Realization of any of the factors listed above could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

36 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the company, and the
management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may
not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have
to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and
if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

Changes
to laws or regulations or in how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations,
interpretations or applications, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination. 

We
are subject to the laws and regulations, and interpretations and applications of such laws and regulations, of national, regional, state
and local governments and, potentially, non-U.S. jurisdictions. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and potentially
other legal and regulatory requirements, and our consummation of an initial business combination may be contingent upon our ability to
comply with certain laws, regulations, interpretations and applications and any post-business combination company may be subject to additional
laws, regulations, interpretations and applications. Compliance with, and monitoring of, the foregoing may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, and those changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete an initial business combination.
A failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
including our ability to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

37 

Recent
increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
business combination. 

Recent
increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded
securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business
combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed
to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination.
The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company
at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other items, to disclosures in
SEC filings in connection with business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies SPACs and private operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of
projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants
in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment
Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy
certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. Certain of the procedures
that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, as
proposed or as adopted, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and time of
negotiating and completing an initial business combination, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial
business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or
liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

38 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The SEC s proposed rules would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition
of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions
that limit a company s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe
harbor rule would require the company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement
with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date
of the company s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial
business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering.
These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and
complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities; 

each
of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust
account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the
exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company
Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may
hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 11.07 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

To
mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time,
instruct the trustee to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in cash
until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation
of securities in the trust account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would
reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

The
funds in the trust account have, since our initial public offering, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company
(including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment
Company Act, we may, at any time, instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account,
to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds
in the trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation of the Company. Following
such liquidation, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account. However, interest previously
earned on the funds held in the trust account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted.
As a result, any decision to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account
in cash would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

In
addition, even if we consummate an initial business combination prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the Registration
Statement, as our charter currently contemplates, we may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the trust
account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities,
even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case
we may be required to liquidate the Company. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the
trust account at any time, even prior to our initial business combination, and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash, which
would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

39 

Were
we to be considered to be a foreign person, we might not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S.
target company if such initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government
entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), or ultimately prohibited. 

Certain
investments that involve the acquisition of, or investment in, a U.S. business by a non-U.S. investor may be subject to review and approval
by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). Whether CFIUS has jurisdiction to review an acquisition
or investment transaction depends on, among other factors, the nature and structure of the transaction, including the level of beneficial
ownership interest and the nature of any information or governance rights involved. For example, investments that result in control 
of a U.S. business by a foreign person always are subject to CFIUS jurisdiction. Significant CFIUS reform legislation, which was fully
implemented through regulations that became effective on February 13, 2020, expanded the scope of CFIUS s jurisdiction to investments
that do not result in control of a U.S. business by a foreign person but afford certain foreign investors certain information or governance
rights in a U.S. business that has a nexus to critical technologies, critical infrastructure and/or sensitive
personal data. 

In
addition, if our potential initial business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory
filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS
and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. Our Sponsor, OAC Sponsor, Ltd., is a Cayman Islands
exempted company. Jay Madhu, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, as well as one of the three directors of our Sponsor, is a U.S.
citizen and resident of the Cayman Islands. Wrendon Timothy, our Chief Financial Officer and a director, as well as one of the three
directors of our Sponsor, is a resident of the Cayman Islands. Jason Butcher, a director of our Company and the third director of our
Sponsor, is a resident of the Cayman Islands. A substantial portion of the capital contributions made to our Sponsor are from non-U.S.
persons. Except as disclosed herein, the Sponsor has no other substantial ties with a non-U.S. person. However, if CFIUS has jurisdiction
over our initial business combination, CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate
national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business
of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. If we were considered to be a foreign person, 
foreign ownership limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us
from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders.
As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination could be limited and we could
be adversely affected in terms of competing with other SPACs which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover,
the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our
initial business combination, our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate.
If we liquidate, our public shareholders may only receive the redemption value per share (as described above), and our warrants will
expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing
future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

40 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
maintain our principal executive offices at Suite 201, 42 Edward Street, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. We pay the Sponsor
 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services pursuant to the terms of an administrative services agreement
between us and our Sponsor. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

41 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information. 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are traded on Nasdaq under the symbols OXACU, OXAC and OXACW, 
respectively. 

Holders 

Although
there are a larger number of beneficial owners, at February 22, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, two holders of record
of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares and three holders of record of our warrants. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on shares of our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment
of any dividends subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of
directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and,
accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

On
April 12, 2021, OAC Sponsor Ltd. paid 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share, to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company
in exchange for issuance of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Such securities were issued in connection with our
organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited
investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. 

On
August 16, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,897,500 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an
aggregate purchase price of 4,897,500. This purchase took place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the completion of
our initial public offering. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act. 

Maxim
Group LLC (and/or its designees) purchased an aggregate of 862,500 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an
aggregate purchase price of 862,500. This purchase took place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the completion of our
initial public offering. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. 

42 

Further,
we issued 115,000 Class A ordinary shares to Maxim Group LLC (and/or its designees). This purchase took place on a private placement
basis simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

There
were no sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On
August 16, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering of 11,500,000 Units, including 1,500,000 Units that were issued
pursuant to the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Ordinary Share and one redeemable
Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 115,000,000. 

As
of August 16, 2021, a total of 116,725,000 of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the simultaneous private
placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders. On November 9,
2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting. In connection with this meeting, holders of 10,318,048 Class A ordinary
shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.22 per share, for
an aggregate redemption amount of 105,424,960. A total of approximately 11,300,040 of the net proceeds from our
initial public offering now remain in the trust account. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
to the Company, our, us or we refer to Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. The following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial
statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and
the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-K, words such
as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions,
as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs
of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual results could differ materially
from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

43 

Overview 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated on April 12, 2021, for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses
(the Business Combination ). 

Our
sponsor is OAC Sponsor Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our initial
public offering IPO was declared effective on August 11, 2021. On August 16, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 10,000,000
units (each, a Unit and collectively, the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included
in the Units, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000 and incurring offering
costs of approximately 6,624,000, inclusive of 3,500,000 in deferred underwriting commissions. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment
option in full and on August 16, 2021, purchased an additional 1,500,000 units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating additional
gross proceeds of 15,000,000 (the Over-Allotment ), and incurring additional offering costs of 825,000, inclusive of 525,000
of deferred underwriting commissions. 

Substantially
concurrently with the closing of our IPO, we completed the private sale (the private placement of 5,760,000 warrants to
the Sponsor and Maxim Group LLC Maxim ), the underwriter in our IPO, at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant,
generating gross proceeds of 5,760,000. 

Upon
the closing of our IPO and the private placement, 116,725,000 10.15 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units in the IPO, including a portion of the proceeds from the private placement, was deposited in a trust account, located in the United
States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, which may only be invested in permitted United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement
warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM of shareholders. At the EGM, the
Company s shareholders were presented the proposals to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business
combination (the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by
the Board of Directors) by amending the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Extension
Amendment Proposal ). The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association Charter Amendment was approved. The Company filed the Charter Amendment with the Cayman
Islands Registrar of Companies on November 11, 2022. 

In
connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 10,313,048 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.22 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of 105,424,960 in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. 

The
Sponsor agreed to contribute to us a loan of 575,000 (the Extension Loan ), to be deposited into the trust account to extend
the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023. On November 14, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note (the Extension
Note in the aggregate principal amount of 575,000 to the Sponsor, in connection with the Extension Loan. The Extension Loan
was deposited into the trust account on November 15, 2022. 

The
Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of an initial business
combination, or (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

We
have until August 16, 2023 to complete the initial Business Combination (the Combination Period ). However, if we are unable
to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay the our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. 

At December 31, 2022, approximately 12.8 million was held in Trust for
possible redemption of 1,186,952 Class A ordinary shares at approximately 10.81 per share. 

44 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022 we had cash of approximately 212,000 and a working capital of approximately 110,000 to satisfy our liquidity needs. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may
be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but
no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible
into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued
1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private
placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such working capital loans by our
sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our
sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against
any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any
working capital loans. 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs
through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or six months from this filing. Over this time period, we will be using
these funds to pay existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing
due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire,
and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. The impact
of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the specific impact
on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Results
of Operations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April
12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 relates to our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and subsequent to the Initial
Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any
revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at the
earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income and unrealized gains from the proceeds derived from the
Initial Public Offering. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

45 

Net
Income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7.18 million, or 0.546 basic and diluted earnings per share, which consisted of an
approximately 487,000 in general and administrative expenses, 964,000 in interest income and approximately 6.7 million gain on warrant
liability revaluation. 

For
the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through to December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 3.54 million, which consisted
of an approximately 86,000 in general and administrative expenses and approximately 3.46 million loss on warrant liability revaluation. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Other
than the below, we do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations
or long-term liabilities. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the date that our securities are first listed, we agreed to pay the Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative
services provided to members of our founding team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease
paying such monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded expenses of 100,000 (2021: 50,000) respectively,
to the Sponsor under the Administrative Agreement. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private
placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights
pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of the initial Business Combination. We will bear the
expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

On
August 16, 2021, we paid an underwriting discount of 2 of the per Unit offering price, or approximately 2,300,000 million in the aggregate
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 of the gross
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 4,025,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete an initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Derivative
financial instruments 

We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial
instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification
of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, will be re-assessed at
the end of each reporting period. Derivative warrant liabilities will be classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is
not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

The
17,260,000 warrants issued on August 16, 2021 in connection with the IPO and the private placement (including the 11,500,000
warrants included in the Units and the 5,760,000 private placement warrants) are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance
with ASC 815. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value
is recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the
Public Offering were initially measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes option pricing model simulation model and
subsequently, the fair value of Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering have been measured based on
the listed market price of such warrants beginning on December 31, 2021 and through to December 31, 2022. The fair value of the
Private Warrants has been estimated initially and subsequently, as of December 31, 2022, using a
Black-Scholes option pricing model. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liabilities may be subject to change as more
current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. 

46 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 1,301,952 Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. We account for our Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and is measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that is either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain
redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and be subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
at December 31, 2022, 1,186,952 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary
equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our condensed balance sheets. 

Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation had a material impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the period presented. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business
Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act ), and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

47 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Form 10-K and is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we have evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (December 31, 2022). Our disclosure
controls and procedures are intended to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial
officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Based
on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting related to our accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary
to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements
included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for
the period presented. 

T o
respond to the material weakness identified during the first quarter of 2023 related to our accounting for complex financial instruments ,
we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal
control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements,
we plan to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our
plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication
among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our
remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended
effects. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on
the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results. 

Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control
over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards.
We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with
whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training
to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

48 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to scaled disclosure requirements applicable to non-accelerated filers that permit us to provide only management s report
in this Annual Report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

To
respond to the material weakness identified during the first quarter of 2023 related
to our accounting for complex financial instruments , we have devoted, and plan to continue to
devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial
reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance
our system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at
this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication
among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of
our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have
the intended effects. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
Applicable. 

49 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Jay Madhu 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of
 the Board of Directors 
 
 Wrendon Timothy 
 
 43 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Jason Butcher 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Allan Martin 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 William L. Yankus 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

Jay
Madhu has been our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President since April 2021. Mr. Madhu is a founder of Oxbridge
Re Holdings Limited (NASDAQ: OXBR), a Cayman Islands based NASDAQ-listed reinsurance holding company. He has served as the President,
Chief Executive Officer and director since its inception in April 2013 and serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 2018.
Mr. Madhu also serves as a director of Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS, the wholly owned licensed reinsurance subsidiaries
of Oxbridge Re. Mr. Madhu also serves as a director of our company s sponsor, OAC Sponsor Ltd. Mr. Madhu is a founder and director
of HCI Group, Inc. (NYSE: HCI), an NYSE-listed publicly traded company HCI since May 2007. Mr. Madhu serves on the board
of HCI, which oversaw and monitored the formation and growth of TypTap Insurance Company TypTap and its holding company,
TypTap Insurance Group, Inc. TypTap is HCI s rapidly growing InsurTech homeowners and flood insurance subsidiary formed in January
2016, now with over a 100 million in annualized revenue. Mr. Madhu also served on the board of Exzeo Software Private Limited Exzeo ),
an Indian software development company and subsidiary of HCI from August 2012 to December 2018. TypTap s operations are powered
substantially by technologies developed by Exzeo. Mr. Madhu also serves as a director on a number of other HCI s subsidiaries,
and also served as President of Green Leaf Capital, HCI s real estate division from June 2011 to June 2013. Mr. Madhu also served
as HCI Vice President of Investor Relations and President of Marketing during the years 2008 through 2013. Mr. Madhu has also served
as a director on the board of directors of First Home Bancorp, Inc. (OTCQX: FHBI), an OTC-listed publicly held bank holding company in
Seminole, Florida from August 2013 to April 2014. Mr. Madhu also served as a director on the board of directors of Wheeler Real Estate
Investment Trust, Inc. (NASDAQ: WHLR), a NASDAQ listed publicly held real estate investment trust from November 2012 to June 2014. 

Mr.
Madhu is an approved director with Cayman Islands Monetary Authority, Bermuda Monetary Authority, Florida Office of Insurance Regulation,
Arkansas Insurance Department, California Department of Insurance, Maryland Insurance Administration, New Jersey Department of Banking
and Finance, North Carolina Department of Insurance, Ohio Department of Insurance, Pennsylvania Insurance Department and South Carolina
Department of Insurance. Mr. Madhu attended Northwest Missouri State University where he studied marketing and management. Mr. Madhu
brings considerable business and capital markets experience to our Board of Directors. 

Wrendon
Timothy has been our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and director since April 2021. He has served as a director, chief
financial officer and corporate secretary of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited (NASDAQ: OXBR), a Cayman Islands based NASDAQ-listed reinsurance
holding company. He has served in the positions of chief financial officer and corporate secretary since August 2013 and as a director since November 2021. In his role, he has provided financial and accounting consulting services with a focus on technical and
SEC reporting, compliance, internal auditing, corporate governance, mergers acquisitions analysis, risk management, and CFO and
controller services. Mr. Timothy also serves as an executive and director of Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS, the wholly-owned
licensed reinsurance subsidiaries of Oxbridge Re. Mr. Timothy also serves as a director of our company s sponsor, OAC Sponsor Ltd. 

50 

Mr.
Timothy started his financial career at PricewaterhouseCoopers (Trinidad) in 2004 as an Associate in their assurance division, performing
external and internal audit work, and tax-related services. Throughout his career progression and transitions through KPMG Trinidad and
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Cayman Islands), Mr. Timothy has successfully delivered services across both the public and private sectors,
spanning insurance and reinsurance, banking, hedge funds, trusts, investment management, manufacturing, beverage, construction, glass,
healthcare, retail, construction, marketing, restaurant, software, sports, and tourism industries. Mr. Timothy management roles allowed
him to be heavily involved in the planning, budgeting, and leadership of engagement teams, serving as a liaison for senior client management,
and advising on technical accounting matters. Mr. Timothy is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), a
Chartered Corporate Secretary and also holds a Postgraduate Diploma in Business Administration and a Master of Business Administration,
with Distinction (with a Specialism in Finance (with Distinction), from Heriot Watt University in Edinburg, Scotland. Mr. Timothy holds
directorship and leadership roles with a number of privately-held companies, and also serves on various not-for-profit organizations,
including his governance role as Chairman of Audit Risk Committee of The Utility Regulation Competition Office of the Cayman
Islands. Mr. Timothy is an active Fellow Member of the ACCA, an active member of the Cayman Islands Institute of Professional Accountants
(CIIPA), and an active Associate Member of the Chartered Governance Institute (formerly the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators). 

Mr.
Timothy brings to our board capital markets experience and significant expertise across a wide array of corporate matters, including
the ability to conduct pre-acquisition due diligence, balance sheet analyses, audit support, monthly financial reporting and forecasting,
technical accounting research, corporate governance risk management, internal audit walkthroughs and testing, and Sarbanes-Oxley
implementation. 

Jason
Butcher has been one of our independent directors since August 2021. Mr. Butcher is an entrepreneur with nearly 3 decades of experience
building global businesses across diverse industries and ever-changing financial markets. His daily role involves being an active player
in a number of global Fintech, payment processing, crowdfunding and blockchain technology projects. 

Mr.
Butcher is the founder of Parallel Payments and has served as the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Parallel Payments since 2010.
Parallel Payments is currently a US licensed money service provider that offers a digital infrastructure for online payments and money
services to institutions, consumers, and businesses. Mr. Butcher is also the founder of WiPay Cayman, Broadbase Consulting and Orbit
Capital, and a number of other Cayman Islands-based companies in the field of technology development, property development, technology
consulting, tourism and investment holdings, respectively. He also serves (or has served) as a director on the boards of these companies. 

Mr.
Butcher also serves as board member and advisor for a number of payments, fintech businesses and associations including the Emerging
Payments Association, a UK commercial membership association of payment industry influencers whose members collectively transact more
than six trillion British pounds 6,000,000,000,000) annually and employing over 300,000 staff. 

Mr.
Butcher brings significant leadership, advisory, investment, and technology development experience to our Board. 

Allan
S. Martin has been one of our independent directors since August 2021. Mr. Martin is the co-founder of Lumina Analytics, an
artificial intelligence technology and big data analytics technology company founded in 2015. Lumina s proprietary deep web listening
algorithms uncover risk, provide timely, actionable information and help prevent catastrophic loss. Mr. Martin currently serves as Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Martin served as a director Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Chair of Oxbridge
Re Holdings Limited (NASDAQ: OXBR) from April 2013 through to May 2017. From October 2009 to present, Mr. Martin has been CEO of Atlantic
Merchant Capital Investors, a private equity firm based in Tampa, Florida that focuses on the origination of proprietary private equity
transactions in financial services and data analytics. Prior to that, from June 2005 to September 2009, Mr. Martin was CEO of Mortgage
Contracting Services (MCS) of Tampa, Florida and led a successful leveraged buy-out of the firm in 2005. MCS is a national mortgage field
services company. He was a founder and advisory board member of USAmeribank from 2006 to 2010. From January 2010 to December 2017, Mr.
Martin was a director of Florida Capital Group and its subsidiary, Florida Capital Bank. During that time, he also served as the bank s
audit chair. Mr. Martin has been a director of Moffitt Medical Group since March 2013 and was Chairman until January 2021. He also serves
as an officer and director of several additional portfolio companies of Atlantic Merchant Capital Partners. Mr. Martin is a past trustee
of Jesuit High School of Tampa, and currently managing partner of Fleur De Lis Partners, a private investment group, and chairman of
the Martin Family Foundation. Mr. Martin obtained his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a Major in Accounting from
the University of Southern Maine in May 1987. He began his career with Touche Ross Co (today Deloitte) before beginning his entrepreneurial
career. 

Mr.
Martin brings substantial leadership, operations, investment, artificial intelligence technology development and corporate governance
experience to our Board of Directors. 

51 

William
L. Yankus has been one of our independent directors since August 2021. Mr. Yankus is an experienced investment banking specialist
with a demonstrated history of working in the insurance industry. Since July 2015, Mr. Yankus has served as Founder and Principal of
Pheasant Hill Advisors, LLC, a New York based advisor firm that provides various research, advisory, private equity capital raising and
M A services primarily to the insurance industry and insurance industry investors. Since March 2016, Mr. Yankus has served on the
board of directors of Kingstone Companies, Inc. (NASDAQ: KINS), a New York based NASDAQ-listed property and casualty insurance company.
He has also served as the Chairman of Kingstone s Compensation Committee since April 2017, and as the Chairman of Kingstone s
Investment Committee since February 2020. Mr. Yankus is also a Senior Advisor
at Independent Insurance Analysts LLC, which provides investment analysis, credit research and investment banking services related to
the life insurance industry. 

From
September 2011 to June 2015, Mr. Yankus served as Managing Director for Sterne Agee, one of the oldest privately owned financial services
firm in the USA. Sterne Agee offered wealth management and investment services to a diverse client base and custodies nearly 26 billion
in client assets. Prior to Sterne Agee, Mr. Yankus also held executive and leadership roles with other reputable financial services and
investment banking firms, including serving as Head of Insurance Research at Macquarie Group from December 2009 to November 2010, Managing
Director-Insurance Research for Fox-Pitt, Kelton from May 1993 to November 2009, and Vice President, Insurance Research at Conning 
Company from June 1985 to Apr 1993. He completed the CFA program in 1989 and passed the CT uniform CPA exam in 1984. He received his
B.A. degree in Economics and Accounting from The College of the Holy Cross. 

Mr.
Yankus brings significant leadership, insurance, public company, mergers acquisitions, corporate governance and investment banking
experience to our Board of Directors . 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of five members. Holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior
to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment
of directors during such time. These provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, may only be
amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Each of our directors will
hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our Board of Directors
may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority
of the holders of our founder shares. 

Our
officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association, as amended, as it deems appropriate. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended,
provides that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary,
Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Collectively,
through their positions described above, our officers and directors have extensive experience in public companies and in the insurance
industry. These individuals will play a key role in identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, selecting the target
businesses, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the acquisition. 

52 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities
are first listed on the NASDAQ through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay
our sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services
provided to members of our management team. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination
will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not
expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business
combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees,
will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial
business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

53 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance
committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in
rules, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance
committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved
by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit
Committee 

The
members of our audit committee are: Jason Butcher, William Yankus and Allan Martin, and Mr. Martin serves as chair of the audit committee.
Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Martin and
Yankus qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related
financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the
audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
 retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit
 and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
 pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies
 for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required
 by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies
 for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing
 a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing: (i) the independent registered public
 accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures; (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control
 review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within
 the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such
 issues; and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered
 public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving
 any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us
 entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management,
 the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters,
 including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
 issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. Martin, Butcher and Yankus, and Mr. Yankus serves as chair of the compensation committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and
 approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any
 is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and
 approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation,
if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies
and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based
remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and
other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to
be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration for directors. 

54 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting, or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. 

Accordingly,
it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for
the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Messrs. Butcher, Yankus and Martin, and Mr. Martin serves as chair of
the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

We
adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and
corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying, screening
 and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the
 board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board
 of directors; 

developing and recommending
 to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing
 the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the
 company; and 

reviewing on a regular
 basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

Director
nominations 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the
annual general meeting. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for appointment by our shareholders
during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for appointment at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable,
an extraordinary general meeting). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for appointment to our board of directors should
follow the procedures set forth in our memorandum and articles of association and the charter of the nominating and corporate governance
committee. 

55 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our Class A Ordinary shares will not have
the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee
of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than
ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also
required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we are aware of no
late Section 16(a) filings. 

Code
of Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. 

You
are able to review these documents by accessing our website at www.oxbridgeaq.com. In addition, a copy of the Code of Conduct and Ethics
will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith
 in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers
 for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly
 fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty not to put themselves
 in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent
 judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
which that director has. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, or alternatively by shareholder approval
at general meetings. 

Each
of our directors and officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or
contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities
to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity,
and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended,
provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, no director or officer shall be disqualified or prevented
from contracting with the company nor shall any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the company in which any director
shall have an interest be liable to be avoided provided that the director provides full and frank disclosure of the nature of the interest
prior to its approval. A director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he or she is interested
provided that the nature of such interest shall be disclosed at or prior to its consideration or any vote thereon by the board of directors.
We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine
our ability to complete our business combination. 

56 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or
 directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating
 his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their
 other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate
 for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest
 in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our initial shareholders
 have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection
 with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption
 rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by August 16, 2023. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds
 of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares,
 and the private placement warrants (and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. Our initial shareholders have agreed not
 to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the date of the consummation
 of our initial business combination; or (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, or other similar
 transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities,
 or other property (except as described under the section entitled Principal Shareholders Restrictions on Transfers
 of Founder Shares and private placement warrants in our IPO prospectus filed with the SEC). Any permitted transferees will
 be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares. Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will no longer be subject to such transfer restrictions. With
 certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, will not be
 transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial
 business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants, our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
 with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
 may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any
 such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business
 combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or
 directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may
 obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in
 connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into
 private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued
 1,500,000 warrants if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the
 private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

57 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers
and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual (1)(2) 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Jay Madhu 
 
 Oxbridge
 Re Holdings Limited 
 
 P C
 Reinsurance Holding Company 
 
 Chairman,
 CEO President 

Oxbridge
 Reinsurance Ltd. 
 
 P C
 Reinsurance 
 
 CEO,
 President Director 

Oxbridge
 Re NS 
 
 Reinsurance
 Side-car 
 
 Director 

HCI Group,
 Inc 
 
 InsurTech,
 Software, P C Insurance, Real Estate, Reinsurance 
 
 Director 

Homeowners 
 Choice Property and Casualty Insurance Inc. 
 
 P C
 Insurance 
 
 Director 

Homeowners
 Choice Managers 
 
 Insurance
 Managing General Agent MGA 
 
 Director 

Claddaugh
 Casualty Insurance Company Ltd. 
 
 Reinsurance 
 
 Director 

Southern
 Administration, Inc 
 
 Policy
 Administration Software Licensing 
 
 Director 
 
 Wrendon
 Timothy 
 
 Oxbridge
 Re Holdings Limited 
 
 P C
 Reinsurance Holding Company 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

Oxbridge
 Reinsurance Ltd. 
 
 P C
 Reinsurance 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

Oxbridge
 Re NS 
 
 Reinsurance
 Side-car 
 
 Director 

SYF
 Trade Consulting 
 Services
 Ltd. 
 
 Financial
 Consulting 
 Ad
 Advisory 

President
 Director 

Utility
 Regulation Competition Office Cayman Islands 
 
 Regulator 
 
 Chairman,
 Audit Risk Committee 

58 

Jason Butcher 
 
 Parallel Payments 
 
 Fintech/Licensed Money Service Broker

Founder, CEO Director 

Emerging Payments Association 
 
 Fintech membership association 
 
 Advisor 

HODLtech O 
 
 Digital
 Wallet Technology 

Founder 

Digisure Ltd. 
 
 Secure Debit Credit Card Programs 
 
 Founder 

Gateway Technologies 
 
 Technology Development 
 
 Founder 

Revolutionary Technologies 
 
 Technology 
 
 Founder Director 

Broadbase Consultants 
 
 Technology Business Consulting 
 
 Founder 

Infinity Developments 
 
 Real Estate Development 
 
 Founder 

Orbit Capital Inc. 
 
 Investment Holding 
 
 Founder Director 

National Crowdfunding Fintech Association of
 Canada 
 
 Fintech Crowdfunding 
 
 Ambassador 

Elemental 
 
 Fintech Credit Lending 
 
 Advisor 

PiP iT Global 
 
 Fintech Digital Wallets 
 
 Advisor 

Allan Martin 
 
 Atlantic Merchant Capital Investors 
 
 Private
 Equity 

Chairman Chief Executive Officer 

Lumina Analytics 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Big Data Technology 
 
 Co-Founder Chairman 

Martin Family Foundation 
 
 Not For Profit 
 
 Chairman 

William L. Yankus 
 
 Pheasant Hill Advisors LLC 
 
 Investment Banking 
 
 Principal 

Kingstone Companies, Inc. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 Director, Chairman of Investment Compensation
 Committee 

(1) 
 Each of the entities listed
 in this table has priority and preference relative to our company with respect to the performance by each individual listed in this
 table of his obligations and the presentation by each such individual of business opportunities. 

(2) 
 Each individual listed has a fiduciary duty with respect
 to each of the listed entities opposite from his name. 

Accordingly,
if any of the above officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination, because, although many of the foregoing
entities are involved in the insurance industry broadly defined, the specific industry focuses of a majority of these entities differ
from our focus on financial technology businesses and the type or size of the transaction that such companies would most likely consider
are of a size and nature substantially different than what we are targeting. 

We
have not selected any potential business combination target and have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target. Potential target companies with whom we may engage in discussions
after the closing of the offering may have had prior discussions with other blank check companies, bankers in the industry and/or other
professional advisors. Subsequent to the closing of our IPO, we may pursue transactions with such potential targets (i) if such other
blank check companies are no longer pursuing transactions with such potential targets, (ii) if we become aware that such potential targets
are interested in a potential initial business combination with us and (iii) if we believe such transactions would be attractive to our
shareholders. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, OAC Sponsor Ltd.
or with any of our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with our sponsor, OAC Sponsor Ltd., or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

If
we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant
to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our IPO (including in
open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

59 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud or willful
default. We may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors
against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify
our officers and directors. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Under our Administrative
Services Agreement, our sponsor is entitled to receive monthly recurring expenses of 10,000 for office space, administrative and
support services. Upon completion of the initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
Accordingly, in the event the consummation of the initial business combination (or liquidation) takes up to August 16, 2023, the Sponsor will be entitled to a total of 250,000 for office space, administrative and support
services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

Our
sponsor, directors and officers or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, directors, officers or our or
any of their respective affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the post-combination business. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent
then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed
business combination. 

It
is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after
the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the
ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in
our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that
provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

60 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

We
have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this annual report,
by: 

each person known by us
 to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers,
 directors and director nominees; and 

all our executive officers,
 directors and director nominees as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement
warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this annual report. 

Class A Ordinary shares 
 Class B Ordinary shares 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Class A Common Stock 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Class B Common Stock 
 
 OAC Sponsor Ltd. (2) 

2,875,000 (3) 
 100 

Jay Madhu 

Wrendon Timothy 

Jason Butcher 

Allan Martin 

William Yankus 

Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. (4) 
 166,000 
 12.75 

All officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. Suite 201, 42 Edward Street,
 George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 

(2) 
 OAC Sponsor Ltd. is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Each
of our directors and officers have direct or indirect membership interests in OAC Sponsor Ltd. OAC Sponsor Ltd. is governed and controlled
by a board of directors of 3 members, Jay Madhu, Wrendon Timothy, and Jason Butcher. Each director has one vote, and the approval of a
majority is required to approve an action. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding
an entity s securities are made by a majority comprised of two or more individuals of a three-member (or greater) board, and a voting
and dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner
of the entity s securities. This is the situation with regard to OAC Sponsor Ltd. Based on the foregoing, no director exercises
voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by OAC Sponsor Ltd. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or
share beneficial ownership of such shares and, for the avoidance of doubt, each expressly disclaims any such beneficial interest to the
extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. Each of our officers, directors and advisors is, directly
or indirectly, a member of our sponsor. 

(3) 
 Represents Class B ordinary
 shares held by our sponsor. 

(4) 
 Based solely upon information
 contained in the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023 by Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. The address of the business office
 of the foregoing reporting person 640 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10019. 

61 

Our
sponsor currently beneficially owns approximately 69 of the issued and outstanding shares of our ordinary shares. Our sponsor will have
the right to elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination as a result of holding all of the
founder shares. In addition, because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters
requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of
significant corporate transactions. 

In
April 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.009 per share. Our Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares, on a one-for-one basis,
upon the completion of a business combination. The number of founder shares issued was based on the expectation that the founder shares
would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of our ordinary shares upon completion of the IPO. 

Concurrently
with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor and Maxim purchased an aggregate of 5,760,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00
per warrant, or approximately 5,760,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 116,725,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of
private placement warrants was placed in a trust account such that the trust account held 116,725,000 at the time of closing of the
IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of
 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM of shareholders. At the EGM, the
Company s shareholders were presented the proposals to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business
combination (the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by
the Board of Directors) by amending the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Extension
Amendment Proposal ). The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association Charter Amendment was approved. The Company filed the Charter Amendment with the Cayman
Islands Registrar of Companies on November 11, 2022. 

In
connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 10,313,048 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.22 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of 105,424,960 in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. 

The
sponsor agreed to contribute to us a loan of 575,000 (the Extension Loan ), to be deposited into the trust account to extend
the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023. On November 14, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate
principal amount of 575,000 to the sponsor, in connection with the Extension Loan. The Extension Loan was deposited into the trust account
on November 15, 2022. 

Our
sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal
securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below for additional
information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 

62 

Restrictions
on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants 

The
founder shares, private placement warrants, and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject
to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with us to be entered into by our sponsor, officers and
directors. Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur
of: (i) one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination; or (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange, or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class
A ordinary shares for cash, securities, or other property (except as described herein under the section of our IPO prospectus filed with
the SEC entitled Principal Shareholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants ).
Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any
founder shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
(as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will no longer be subject to
such transfer restrictions. In addition, the lock-up provisions of the insider letter provide that the founder shares and the private
placement warrants, and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are not transferable or salable until
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. However, any such securities may be transferred or sold: (a) to our
officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor, or any affiliates
of our sponsor; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary
of which is a member of one of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization;
(c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual,
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of an initial
business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) in the event of our liquidation
prior to the completion of our initial business combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of Florida or our sponsor s limited liability
company agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor; or (h) in the event of our liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of ordinary shares for
cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case
of clauses (a) through (e) or (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer
restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements, and by the same agreements entered into by our sponsor with
respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the trust account, and liquidation distributions described in the
prospectus for our IPO filed with the SEC). 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the (i) founder shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our initial public offering, (ii)
private placement warrants, which was issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and
the Class A ordinary shares underlying such private placement warrants and (iii) private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant
to a registration rights agreement signed in connection with our IPO. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement and assuming 1,500,000
of working capital loans are converted into private placement warrants, we will be obligated to register up to 10,135,000 Class A ordinary
shares and 7,260,000 warrants. The number of Class A ordinary shares includes (i) 2,875,000 Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon
conversion of the founder shares, (ii) 4,897,500 Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants, (iii) 862,500 Class
A ordinary shares underlying the representative warrants and (iv) 1,500,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement
warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements 

63 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On
April 12, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 2,875,000 founders shares for a total purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.009 per share. The number of founders shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of our initial
public offering would be a maximum of 11,500,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares if the underwriters over-allotment option were
exercised in full, and therefore that such founders shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of our ordinary shares
(excluding shares issuable upon exercise of private placement warrants) after such offering. 

On
April 19, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover for expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory
note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and was payable upon the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the completion
of the IPO. The loan amounted to 195,175 and was repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of offering proceeds not held in the trust account. 

Our
sponsor and Maxim purchased an aggregate of 5,760,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrants,
or approximately 5,760,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with our IPO. The private placement warrants
may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM of shareholders. At the EGM, the
Company s shareholders were presented the proposals to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business
combination (the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by
the Board of Directors) by amending the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Extension
Amendment Proposal ). The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association Charter Amendment was approved. The Company filed the Charter Amendment with the Cayman
Islands Registrar of Companies on November 11, 2022. 

In
connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 10,313,048 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.22 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of 105,424,960 in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. 

The
sponsor agreed to contribute to us a loan of 575,000 (the Extension Loan ), to be deposited into the trust account to extend
the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023. On November 14, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note (the Extension
Note in the aggregate principal amount of 575,000 to the sponsor, in connection with the Extension Loan. The Extension Loan
was deposited into the trust account on November 15, 2022. 

The
Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of an initial
business combination, or (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

Following
the closing of our IPO, we pay our sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services pursuant to the terms
of an administrative services agreement between us and an affiliate of our sponsor. Upon completion of our initial business combination
or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

No
finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our
sponsor, directors or officers or our or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, founders, directors
and officers or any of their respective affiliates may, but none of them are obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event
that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants of the post business combination entity (the Working Capital Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at
the option of the lender. The Working Capital Warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor. Except
as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, founders,
directors and officers or any of their respective affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and
provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any
outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Any of the foregoing payments to our sponsor, repayments of loans from our sponsor
or repayments of working capital loans prior to our initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the post-combination business. The directors of the post-combination business will determine executive and director compensation. 

64 

Director
Independence 

The
rules of Nasdaq require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent
director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship
with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the
company). We have independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined
that each of Jason Butcher, Allan Martin and William Yankus is an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Hacker Johnson and Smith PA HJ S ), for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by HJ S in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by HJ S for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for
the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 40,000 and for the period
from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 81,000. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees,
as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay HJ S for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022,
or for the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees. We did not pay HJ S for tax planning and tax advice standards for the year ended December 31, 2022, or for the period from
April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees. We did not pay HJ S for other services standards for the year ended December 31, 2022, or for the period from April
12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

65 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

(b) 
 Financial Statement Schedules.
 All schedules are omitted for the reason that the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that
 they are not required or are not applicable. 

(c) 
 Exhibits: The exhibits
 listed in the accompanying index to exhibits on pages are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report on Form
 10-K. 

ITEM 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

66 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and between Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and among Oxbridge Acquisition Corp., its executive officers, its directors, and OAC Sponsor Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and between Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and among Oxbridge Acquisition Corp., OAC Sponsor Ltd. and Maxim Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and among Oxbridge Acquisition Corp., OAC Sponsor Ltd. and Maxim Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, between Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. and OAC Sponsor Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021 
 
 10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, each dated as of August 11, 2021, by and between Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. and each of the officers and directors of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q filed with the SEC on September 27, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 14, 2022, issued to OAC Sponsor Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 
 
 The following materials
 from Oxbridge Acquisition Corp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are filed herewith,
 formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Balance Sheets, (ii) Statements of Operations,
 (iii) Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Statements of Changes
 in Shareholders Deficit and (vi) Notes to Financial Statements. 

- filed herewith 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this
annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 22 nd day of February,
2023. 

Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jay Madhu 

Name: 
 Jay Madhu 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jay Madhu 
 
 Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 February
 22, 2023 
 
 Jay Madhu 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Wrendon
 Timothy 
 
 Chief Financial Officer,
 Director, Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 Wrendon Timothy 
 
 (Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Jason
 Butcher 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 Jason Butcher 

/s/ Allan
 Martin 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 Allan Martin 

/s/ William
 Yankus 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 William Yankus 

68 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (As restated) 
 F-2 
 
 Statements
 of Operations, For the Year ended December 31, 2022 and For the Period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 (As restated) 
 F-3 
 
 Statement
 of Changes in Shareholders Deficit For the Year ended December 31, 2022 and For the Period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through
 December 31, 2021 (As restated) 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows, For the Year ended December 31, 2022 and For the Period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 (As restated) 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Oxbridge
Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
(as restated), the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 (as restated), and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (as restated), and the results of its operations and its cash
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 (as restated), in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to complete
a business combination by August 16, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The
liquidity condition and the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement
of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
HACKER JOHNSON SMITH PA 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

February
22, 2023 

PCAOB ID # 

F- 1 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 Balance
Sheet 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(as restated) 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accrued interest, prepaid expenses and other receivables 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Due to affiliates 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Promissory note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred underwriting commissions 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares; (2021: shares subject to possible redemption (at redemption value) 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; (2021: issued and outstanding (excluding (2021: shares subject to possible redemption) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital, net of offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of financial statements. 

F- 2 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 Statement
of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 Period from April 12, 2021 (inception) 
through 
 December 31, 
2021

(as restated) 
 
 Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Other income 

Other interest income 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account 
 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net earnings (loss) per ordinary share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of financial statements. 

F- 3 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 12, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 (as restated) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance April 12, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of Class A ordinary shares (net of offering costs) 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of private placement warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Class A Ordinary shares reclassified to Commitments subject to possible
redemption 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Accretion for Class A Ordinary
 Shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 (as restated) 
 
 - 

- 

Balance, value 
 
 - 

- 
 
 ) 
 
 Accretion for Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption amount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

- 

Balance, value 
 
 - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of financial statements. 

F- 4 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

Period from 

April 12, 2021 

Year ended 
December 31, 2022 
 (inception) through 
 December 31, 2021

(as restated) 

Cash flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used in operating activities 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued interest receivable 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Due to affiliates 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from liquidation of marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in Trust Account 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from Financing Activities: 

Redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of promissory note 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of private placement warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of units (net of offering costs) 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash Ending of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cashflow information 

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering 
 - 

Derivative
warrant liabilities issued in connection with the initial public offering 
 
 - 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of financial statements. 

F- 5 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER
31, 2022 

units (each, a Unit and collectively, the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of and incurring
offering costs of approximately , inclusive of in deferred underwriting commissions. The underwriter exercised the
over-allotment option in full and on August 16, 2021, purchased an additional units (the Over-Allotment Units ),
generating additional gross proceeds of (the Over-Allotment ), and incurring additional offering costs of ,
inclusive of of deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5). 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of warrants to the Sponsor and Maxim Group LLC Maxim ),
the underwriter in our Initial Public Offering (the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating
gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at per share. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Over-Allotment and the Private Placement, per Unit) of the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account ),
located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and may be invested only in U.S.
government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully.

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (continued) 

The
Company will provide the holders (the Public Shareholders of its Public Shares, with the opportunity to redeem all or
a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek
shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The
Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account
(anticipated to be approximately 
per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter. These Public Shares have been classified as
temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards
Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at
least 
and the approval of an ordinary resolution, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or
by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting in favor of the business combination. If a shareholder vote
is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended (the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however,
shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or
legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of
whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business
Combination, the Initial Shareholder (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and
any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial
Shareholder have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any
affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering,
without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
Company s Sponsor (the Initial Shareholder officers and directors have agreed not to propose an amendment to Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to
allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination by August 16, 2023, as described in more detail in the prospectus for the IPO) (the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless
the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such
amendment. 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (continued) 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the
Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements
of applicable law. 

The
Initial Shareholder, officers and directors have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company
fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Shareholder or members of the Company s
management team acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
Maxim has agreed to waive their rights to its deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other
funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets)
will be approximately per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account,
the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor (other than the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which
the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will
not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022 the Company had cash of approximately 
and a working capital of approximately 
to satisfy the Company s liquidity needs. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no
amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

of cash and cash equivalents. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on
these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

In
some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In
those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

warrants issued on August 16, 2021 in connection with the IPO and the Private Placement (including the warrants
included in the Units and the Private Placement Warrants) are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815.
The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized
in the Company s statement of operations. The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering were
initially measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and subsequently, the fair value of Public Warrants
issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering have been measured based on the listed market price of such warrants beginning
from December 31, 2021, and through to December 31, 2022. The fair value of the Private Warrants has been estimated initially and subsequently,
as of December 31, 2022, using a version of the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liabilities
may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. 

Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. The Company accounts for its Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic
480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability
instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption
rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders 
equity. The Company s ordinary shares features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s
control and be subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section
of the Company s balance sheets. 

Denominator: 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic
 and diluted net earnings (loss) per ordinary share 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of and
incurring offering costs of approximately , inclusive of approximately in deferred underwriting commissions. The
underwriter was granted a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up
to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at per Unit. On August 16, 2021, Maxim exercised the over-allotment
option in full and, purchased an additional Over-Allotment Units, generating additional gross proceeds of , and
incurring additional offering costs of , inclusive of approximately of deferred underwriting commissions. 

Each
Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange
for issuance of Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares will automatically
convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain
transfer restrictions, as described in Note 6. 

The
Initial Shareholder have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the
earlier to occur of: (i) 

Private
Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor
and Maxim at an average purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .
The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold as part of the Units in the IPO, except that the Sponsor and
Maxim have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants (except to certain permitted transferees) until
30 days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Private Placement Warrants are also not redeemable
by the Company so long as they are held by the Sponsor and Maxim or their respective permitted transferees. 

Certain
proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private
Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees. 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
4 Related Party Transactions (continued) 

Related
Party Loans 

On
April 19, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover for expenses related to the IPO pursuant
to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and was payable upon the earlier of September 30, 2021
or the completion of the IPO. The loan amounted to and was repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of offering proceeds not held
in the Trust Account. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
other Initial Shareholder, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds
as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the
Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside
the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital
Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without
interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement
warrants at a price of per warrant. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any outstanding borrowings under the Working
Capital Loans. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the effective date of the Company s IPO, the Company agreed to pay its Sponsor a total of up to per month, for office
space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s
liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period ending December
31, 2021, the Company recorded expenses of and , respectively, to the Sponsor under the Administrative Services Agreement. 

Extension
Amendment Proposal and Promissory Note 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM of shareholders. At the EGM, the
Company s shareholders were presented the proposals to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business
combination (the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by
the Board of Directors) by amending the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Extension
Amendment Proposal ). The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association Charter Amendment was approved. The Company filed the Charter Amendment with the Cayman
Islands Registrar of Companies on November 11, 2022. 

In
connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of Class A ordinary shares properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. 

The
sponsor has agreed to contribute to us a loan of 575,000 (the Extension Loan ), to be deposited into the trust account
to extend the Termination Date from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023. On November 14, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note
(the Extension Note in the aggregate principal amount of 575,000 to the sponsor, in connection with the Extension Loan.
The Extension Loan will be deposited into the trust account on or around November 15, 2022. 

The
Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of an initial
business combination, or (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
5 Commitments and Contingencies (continued) 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the final prospectus relating to the IPO to purchase up to additional
Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 16, 2021, the underwriters
fully exercised their over-allotment option. 

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of per Unit, or million in the aggregate (or million in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the IPO. In addition, per unit,
or approximately million in the aggregate (or approximately million in the aggregate if the underwriters over-allotment
option was exercised in full) was payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable
to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. The impact
of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the specific impact
on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, outstanding. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject
to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
from registration is available. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination,
it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement covering the shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement
to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire
or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed
to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act or another exemption 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
6 Derivative Warrant Liabilities (continued) 

Redemption
of Warrants for Cash When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 

Once
the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share
 sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day
 period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference
 Value ). 

If
and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of shares
of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws
or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. 

The
exercise price and number of shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. Additionally, in no event will
the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account
with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of common
shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend,
extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. 

In
addition, if (x) 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
6 Derivative Warrant Liabilities (continued) 

The
Company has accounted for the warrants issued in connection with the IPO (including Public Warrants and 
Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants
do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company has
classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With
each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s
statement of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, the
Company recognized a gain (loss) on revaluation of approximately million and million), respectively. 

The
warrant agreement contains an Alternative Issuance provision that if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of
the Class A common stock in the Business Combination is payable in the form of common equity in the successor entity, and if the holders
of the warrants properly exercise the warrants within thirty days following the public disclosure of the consummation of Business Combination
by the Company, the warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero) of (i) the warrant
price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant
Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets. Per
Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the common stock consists exclusively of cash, the amount
of such cash per common stock, and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted average price of the common stock as reported during
the ten-trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the Business Combination. 

The
Company believes that the adjustments to the exercise price of the warrants is based on a variable that is not an input to the fair value
of a fixed-for-fixed option as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 40, and thus the warrants are not eligible
for an exception from derivative accounting. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record
a derivative liability upon the closing of the IPO. Accordingly, the Company classifies each warrant as a liability at its fair value
and the warrants will be allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units equal to its fair value determined using
Black-Scholes option pricing model. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement,
the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations.
The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the
period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Warrant liabilities - private warrants 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

At December 31, 2021 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 Total 
 
 Description 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities - public warrants 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant liabilities - private warrants 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

The
Public Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants were initially and subsequently measured
at fair value using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The subsequent measurement of the Public Warrants as of December 31,
2022, and December 31, 2021, are classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market. 

The
Company utilizes a Black-Scholes model to value the Private Placement Warrants at each reporting period, with changes in fair
value recognized in the statement of earnings. The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrant liability is determined using
Level 3 inputs. Inherent in the Black-Scholes option pricing model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility,
expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its warrants based on historical volatility
of its stock price. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for
a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The Company used the modified extension date deadline of August 16,
2023, to determine the estimated life of the warrants. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates
remaining at zero. 

There
were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3
during the period from April 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, other than the transfer of public warrants liabilities from
Level 3 to Level 1. 

Exercise price 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life (in years) 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
7 - Fair Value Measurements (continued) 

- 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 
 
 - 

Fair value of Level 3 warrants at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of 
per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the
Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue 
Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were 
and , respectively, Class A ordinary shares outstanding, of which 
and , respectively, has been classified as temporary equity due to its redeemable nature. 

Class
B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per
share. Holders are entitled to one vote for each Class B ordinary share. At December 31, 2022, there were Class B ordinary
shares issued and outstanding. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as
a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by applicable law or stock
exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of the Company s
directors prior to the initial Business Combination. 

OXBRIDGE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
8 Shareholders Deficit (continued) 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination on a
one-for-one basis (as adjusted). In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed
issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder
Shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving
effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued,
or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company
in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans;
provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

F- 20 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. we, our; us or the company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): (i) units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one redeemable warrant, (ii) Class A ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, and (iii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price
of 11.50. In addition, this Description of Securities also references the company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share (the Class B ordinary shares or founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12
of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class A ordinary shares. The description of the Class B ordinary shares is included to assist
in the description of the Class A ordinary shares. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to our sponsor are
to OAC Sponsor Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company, and references to our initial shareholders are to our sponsor and
certain members of our management team, as they held our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (our IPO ). 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company (company registration number MC374214) and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 400,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share,
40,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share and 4,000,000 undesignated preference shares, 0.0001 par value per share.
The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our memorandum and articles of
association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each
unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one redeemable warrant entitling the holder to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described elsewhere. 

The
Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on October 1, 2021. Once the Class A ordinary shares
and warrants commenced separate trading, holders had the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component
securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares
and warrants. 

Ordinary
shares 

Class
A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be
voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by applicable law; provided, that holders of our Class
B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and holders of our Class
A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares
voting in a general meeting. Unless specified in the Companies Act, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or
applicable stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares
represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting (other than the appointment of directors),
and an ordinary resolution of the founder shares under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the founder shares
represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting of the Company is required to approve
the appointment of directors. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are appointed for a term of
two years. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than
50 of the founder shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 400,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase
the number of ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination
to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one
full year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to
hold annual or extraordinary general meetings in order to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

We
will provide our Class A public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount
in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to
investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
Our initial shareholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to
waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination. 

Unlike
many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations
and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote
is not required by applicable law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder
vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial
business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain
substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law, or we decide
to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands
law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and
who vote at a general meeting of the Company in favor of the business combination However, the participation of our initial shareholders,
directors, officers or advisors, or their respective affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval
of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against
such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes
and abstentions will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give
approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which
a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability
to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such
Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess
Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, officers and directors have
agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder
shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our IPO in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally,
each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by
August 16, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
no more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if
we fail to complete our initial business combination by August 16, 2023. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each
class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations
described herein. 

Founder
shares 

The
founder shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our IPO, and holders of founder shares have
the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment
of our directors prior to our initial business combination, (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as
described in more detail below, and (iii) our initial shareholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by August 16, 2023, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period and (iv)
the founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein
and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our initial shareholders have agreed that, subject to applicable
law, neither of our initial shareholders will vote its founder shares to change the size of our board of directors or, without the other s
consent, with respect to appointment of directors. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote,
our initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a
letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our IPO
in favor of our initial business combination. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination on a
one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like,
and subject to further adjustment as provided herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In the case
that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in our
IPO and related to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class
A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive
such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the sum of all ordinary shares outstanding upon completion
of our IPO plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business
combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination
and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to our initial shareholders or their affiliates upon conversion of loans made to
us). Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares,
subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities
that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with
our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed
issued for purposes of the conversion adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities,
warrants or similar securities. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our initial shareholders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until
the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equal or exceed 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share
capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of
our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock or share exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. 

Register
of members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there shall be entered therein: 

the
 names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered
 as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of the shares of each member; 

whether
 voting rights are attached to the share in issue; 

the
 date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
 date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register
of members. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members shall be deemed to have
legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to
a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman
Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that
the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register
of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman
Islands court. 

Preference
shares 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or
more series. Our Board of Directors are authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative,
participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares
of each series. Our Board of Directors are able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights
that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects.
The ability of our Board of Directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares outstanding at the date hereof.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference
shares were issued or registered in our IPO. 

Redeemable
warrants 

Public
Shareholders Warrants 

Each
warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our IPO or 30 days after the completion of our
initial business combination. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m.,
New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle
such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying
the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below
with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any
shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the
two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise
such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for
the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for
the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective,
a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to
cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating
thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. No warrants will be exercisable
for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the
consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis
pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption,
or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the private placement
warrants): 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder;
 and 

if,
and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equal or exceed 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the
warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration
or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in
those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our IPO. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However,
the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price
after the redemption notice is issued. No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon redemption. If, upon redemption, a holder
would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class
A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, we will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her
or its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on
a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are
outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over
the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported
last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the
notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will
contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including
the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be
issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do
not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and
our management does not take advantage of this option, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees would still be entitled
to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant
holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described
in more detail below. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder
may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or
by a sub-division of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization, sub-division
or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of Class A ordinary shares entitling holders
to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a capitalization of a number of Class A
ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable
under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares)
multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering divided by (y)
the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary
shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for
such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted
average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right
to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other ordinary shares into which
the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends of not greater than 0.10 per share
per annum (subject to adjustment), (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with
a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 16, 2023 or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity,
or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the
warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or
the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If
the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division
or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination,
reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant
will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise
price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator
of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment,
and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above
or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into
another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any
reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to
another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with
which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the
terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of our Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable
upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including
cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or
transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event.
However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable
upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable
will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that
affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other
than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company
as provided for in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of
Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for
approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of
any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate
or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such
affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued
and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or
other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant
prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder
had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or
exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally, if less than
70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary
shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter
market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly
exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced
as specified in the warrant agreement based on the per share consideration minus Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant
agreement) of the warrant. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants.
The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our
initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity
proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our
initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00
per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration
date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed
as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank
check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders
of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance
of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all
matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or
any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

The
private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not
be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited
exceptions to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by
us and will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial shareholders or their permitted transferees. Otherwise,
the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in our
IPO. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor or their permitted transferees, the private placement
warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our
IPO. 

If
holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering
his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the
number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below)
over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported
last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the
notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a
cashless basis so long as they are held by our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees is because it is not known at this
time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell
our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling
our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities,
an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public
shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market
in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result,
we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a
business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. In addition, our Board of Directors is not
currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
transfer agent and warrant agent 

The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have
agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each
of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees
that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence,
willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain
differences in corporate law 

Cayman
Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary
of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated
in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers
and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands
companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated
by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where
the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan of merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a)
a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2 / 3 in value who attend and vote at a general meeting) of the shareholders
of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association.
No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares
of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest
of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is
satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar
of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where
the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the
directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they
are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited
by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated,
and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition
or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign
company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction
and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise
or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company
are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where
the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required
to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been
met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not
intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted
by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or
waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company;
and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that
the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the
laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit
the merger or consolidation. 

Where
the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure
is as follows (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the
vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger
or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by
the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder
must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his
intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following
the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger
or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a
written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the
company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder
such amount; (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date
on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand
Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders
with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the
court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate
fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not be available
in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized
stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed
are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover,
Cayman Islands law also has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain
circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies,
commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event
that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedure of which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than
the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority
in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths
in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy
at an annual general meeting, or general meeting, or an extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the
meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting
shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected
to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we
 are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote
 have been complied with; 

the
 shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the
 arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the
 arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount
 to a fraud on the minority. 

If
a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable
to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations, providing
rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares. 

Squeeze-out
Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four
months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms
of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence
of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through other means to
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating
business. 

Shareholders 
Suits. Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought
in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed
the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us,
and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman
Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in
the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
 company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
 act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of
 votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those
 who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A
shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about
to be infringed. 

Enforcement
of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection
to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We
have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely
(i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the
federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities
against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as
the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in
the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign
money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain
conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a
liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the
same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to
natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to
public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special
Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes
between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business
mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. An exempted company may also be licensed to carry
on business in the Cayman Islands under applicable law. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary
company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an
 exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies so long as such exempted
 company is are not licensed to carry on business in the Cayman Islands under applicable law; 

an
 exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection so long as such exempted company is are not licensed to carry
 on business in the Cayman Islands under applicable law; 

an
 exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting so long as such exempted company is are not licensed to carry on
 business in the Cayman Islands under applicable law; 

an
 exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an
 exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for
 20 years in the first instance); 

an
 exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an
 exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an
 exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited
liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the
company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper
purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until
the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman
Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher
threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders who attend and vote at a general
meeting of the Company for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or
(ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least
two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company for which notice specifying the intention to propose
the resolution as a special resolution has been given (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous
written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our
initial shareholders will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have
the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide,
among other things, that: 

if
 we are unable to complete our initial business combination by August 16, 2023,
 we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
 ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price,
 payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be
 net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public
 shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
 further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
 redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve; 

prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive
 funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

although
 we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our initial shareholders, our
 directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee
 of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly
 renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such a business
 combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if
 a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder
 vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of
 the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain
 substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
 under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So
 long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having
 an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting
 commissions and taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If
 our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) that would modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination
 or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 16, 2023, or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
 business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary
 shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

we
 will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination. 

The
Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares. A company s articles of association
may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman
Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association
provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our structure and business plan which are
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations
to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless
we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Anti-Money
Laundering Cayman Islands 

If
any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged
in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that
knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business
or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman
Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money
laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property.
Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any
enactment or otherwise. 

Data
Protection Cayman Islands 

We
have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Data Protection Act based
on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 

Privacy
Notice 

Introduction 

This
privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal
information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act personal data ). In the following
discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor
Data 

We
will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could
be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the
extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which
we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act, and will apply appropriate
technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal
data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. 

In
our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act,
while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act
as our data processors for the purposes of the Data Protection Act or may process personal information for their own lawful
purposes in connection with services provided to us. 

we
may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating
to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact
details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence
records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who
this Affects 

If
you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements
such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in
relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy
Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. 

How
the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data 

The
company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

(a) 
 where
 this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

(b) 
 where
 this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money
 laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

(c) 
 where
 this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental
 rights or freedoms. 

Should
we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will
contact you. 

Why
We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In
certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the
relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange
this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 

We
anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain
entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on
our behalf. 

The
Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any
transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance
with the requirements of the Data Protection Act. 

We
and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures
designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage
to, personal data. 

We
shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms
or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. 

Certain
anti-takeover provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association 

Our
authorized but unissued ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could
be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Securities
eligible for future sale 

Immediately
after our IPO we had 11,500,000 Class A ordinary shares outstanding. Of these shares, only the Class A ordinary shares sold in our IPO
are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased
by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding 2,875,000 founder shares, all
of the outstanding 4,897,500 private placement warrants and all of the 862,500 representative warrants will be restricted securities
under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. 

Rule
144 

Pursuant
to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to
sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during
the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months
before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter
period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of,
or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be
entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 
 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding, which will equal 115,000 shares immediately after our IPO, on an
 as converted basis; or 

the
 average weekly reported trading volume of the ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on
 Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
 by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of
 current public information about us. 

Restrictions
on the use of rule 144 by shell companies or former shell companies 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants pursuant to Rule 144 without
registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration
rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and
any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working
capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A ordinary
shares). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such
securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols OXACU, OXAC and OXACW, 
respectively. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certifications
of the Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and 

 Rule
13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Jay Madhu, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
(P aragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313) ; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
February 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 JAY MADHU 

Jay Madhu 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certifications
of the Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and 

 Rule
13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Wrendon Timothy, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
(P aragraph omitted pursuant to SEC
Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313) ; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
February 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 WRENDON TIMOTHY 

Wrendon Timothy 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Written
Statement of the Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

Solely
for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. 1350, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company ), hereby certify, based on our knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 JAY MADHU 

Jay Madhu 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Written
Statement of the Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

Solely
for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. 1350, I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company ), hereby certify, based on our knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 WRENDON TIMOTHY 

Wrendon Timothy 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

Date:
February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 oxacu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 oxacu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 oxacu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 oxacu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

