<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_912728_0001628280-23-005879.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14230661</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>380739</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2189665</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5227599</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3281225</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2867621</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005879.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301172715
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005879
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FORWARD AIR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912728
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		IRS NUMBER:				621120025
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22490
		FILM NUMBER:		23695175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1915 SNAPPS FERRY ROAD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING N
		CITY:			GREENEVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37745
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4236367000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 1058
		CITY:			GREENEVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37744

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LANDAIR SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930928

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005879.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 fwrd-20221231.htm
 10-K

fwrd-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 Commission file number: 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 000-22490 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the Registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the Registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D.1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common st ock (as of February 27, 2023): . 

Documents Incorporated By Reference 

Table of Contents Forward Air Corporation Page Number Part I. Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 Item 2. Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 28 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 49 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 49 
 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 49 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 49 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 49 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 49 
 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 
 Exhibit Index 
 50 
 Signatures 
 53 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 F- 2 
 Financial Statement Schedule 
 S- 1 

2 

Part I 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (this Form 10-K contains 
 forward-looking statements, as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical information or statements of current condition and relate to future events or our future financial performance. Some forward-looking statements may be identified by use of such terms as believes, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects or expects. 
 
 In this Form 10-K, forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, any statements regarding any projections of earnings, revenues, payment of dividends, other financial items or related accounting treatment, or cost reduction measures; any statements regarding future performance; any statements regarding the availability of cash; any statements regarding the impact of the Ransomware Incident on our business, future operations and results; any statements of plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations; any statements regarding future insurance, claims and litigation and any associated estimates or projections; any statements regarding regulation and legislative impacts on our business; any statements regarding an increase in the cost of new equipment; any statements concerning proposed or intended, new services, developments or integration measures; any statements regarding our technology and information systems, including the effectiveness of each; any statements regarding competition, including our specific advantages, the capabilities of our segments, including the integration of services and our geographic location; any statement regarding our properties; any statements regarding intended expansion through acquisition or greenfield startups; any statements regarding future business, economic conditions or performance; any statements regarding our ESG and sustainability initiatives; any statement regarding certain tax and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements; any statement regarding the impact and implementation of disclosure control systems; and any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors below. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Form 10-K may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that may materially affect the forward-looking statements include the risk factors summarized below. 
 
 The factors identified below are believed to be important factors, but not necessarily all of the important factors, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us. Other factors not discussed herein could also have a material adverse effect on us. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future, except as required by applicable law. 
 
 The following is a list of factors, among others, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements: economic factors such as recessions, inflation, higher interest rates and downturns in customer business cycles, our ability to manage our growth and ability to grow, in part, through acquisitions, while being able to successfully integrate such acquisitions, our ability to secure terminal facilities in desirable locations at reasonable rates, more limited liquidity than expected which limits our ability to make key investments, the creditworthiness of our customers and their ability to pay for services rendered, our inability to maintain our historical growth rate because of a decreased volume of freight or decreased average revenue per pound of freight moving through our network, the availability and compensation of qualified Leased Capacity Providers and freight handlers as well as contracted, third-party motor carriers needed to serve our customers transportation needs, our inability to manage our information systems and inability of our information systems to handle an increased volume of freight moving through our network, the occurrence of cybersecurity risks and events, market acceptance of our service offerings, claims for property damage, personal injuries or workers compensation, enforcement of and changes in governmental regulations, environmental, tax, insurance and accounting matters, the handling of hazardous materials, changes in fuel prices, loss of a major customer, increasing competition and pricing pressure, our dependence on our senior management team and the potential effects of changes in employee status, seasonal trends, the occurrence of certain weather events, restrictions in our charter and bylaws, the cost of new equipment and the impact and efficacy of our disclosure controls and procedures. As a result of the foregoing, no assurance can be given as to future financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 3 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Forward Air Corporation Forward , the Company , we , our , or us is a leading asset-light freight and logistics company. We provide less-than-truckload LTL ), final mile, truckload and intermodal drayage services across the United States and in Canada. We offer premium services that typically require precision execution, such as expedited transit, delivery during tight time windows and special handling. We utilize an asset-light strategy to minimize our investments in equipment and facilities and to reduce our capital expenditures. Forward Air was formed as a corporation under the laws of the State of Tennessee on October 23, 1981. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FWRD . 
 
 Discontinued Operation 
 
 On April 23, 2020, the Company made a decision to divest of Pool and the sale was completed on February 12, 2021. As a result, the results of Pool were classified to Loss from discontinued operation, net of tax in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Certain corporate overhead and other costs previously allocated to Pool for segment reporting purposes did not qualify for classification within discontinued operation and were allocated to continuing operations. 
 
 Services Provided 
 
 Our services are classified into two reportable segments: Expedited Freight and Intermodal. For financial information relating to each of our business segments, see Note 12, Segment Reporting to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Expedited Freight. We operate a comprehensive national network that provides expedited regional, inter-regional and national LTL services. Expedited Freight offers customers local pick-up and delivery and other services including final mile, truckload, shipment consolidation and deconsolidation, warehousing, customs brokerage and other handling services. We have, and plan to continue to grow our LTL and final mile geographic footprints through greenfield start-ups as well as acquisitions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Expedited Freight accounted for 78.7 of our consolidated revenue. 
 
 Intermodal. We provide first- and last-mile high value intermodal container drayage services both to and from seaports and railheads. Intermodal also offers dedicated contract and Container Freight Station CFS warehouse and handling services. Intermodal operates primarily in the Midwest and Southeast, with a smaller operational presence in the Southwest, Mid-Atlantic, and West Coast. We have, and plan to grow Intermodal s geographic footprint through greenfield start-ups where we do not have an acceptable acquisition target, as well as acquisitions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Intermodal accounted for 21.3 of our consolidated revenue. 
 
 Strategy 
 
 Our strategy is to take advantage of our core competencies in precision execution to provide asset-light freight and logistics services to profitably grow in the premium segments of the markets we serve. Principal components of our efforts include: 
 Expand Service Offerings and Terminal Footprint. A key part of our growth strategy is to offer new and enhanced services that address our customers premium transportation needs. Over the past few years, we added or enhanced LTL pickup and delivery, final mile solutions, expedited truckload, temperature-controlled shipments, warehousing, drayage, customs brokerage and shipment consolidation and handling services. These services benefit our existing customers and increase our ability to attract new customers. Another part of our key growth strategy is to pursue geographic expansion in under penetrated markets to better meet the current and future needs of customers. As a result, we plan to invest in new terminals, in our trailer fleet and technology to enable us to efficiently handle the increased freight in the new markets. 

4 

Manage Pricing and Freight Characteristics. Our business strategy involves managing both the price we charge for our services and the mix of freight we transport to operate our LTL network efficiently and more profitably. Over the past several years, we have implemented initiatives to improve the freight characteristics in our LTL network that has allowed us to increase our yield and revenue per shipment. 
 
 Continue to Focus on Delivering Best-in-Class Service. The foundation of our growth strategy is our commitment to provide our customers with the most reliable and damage-free alternative for their shipments. Commitment to precision execution service is valued by customers and allows us to charge fair compensation for our services and positions us to improve market share. 
 
 Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. We continue to evaluate and pursue acquisitions that help expand geographic reach while gaining the business base of the acquired entity. In 2014 we created the foundation for what is our Intermodal segment by acquiring Central States Trucking Co. CST ). Since the acquisition of CST, we have completed fifteen additional intermodal acquisitions. In order to enhance our final mile footprint, we acquired FSA Network, Inc. FSA in April 2019, Linn Star Holdings, Inc., Linn Star Transfer, Inc. and Linn Star Logistics, LLC (collectively, Linn Star in January 2020 and CLW Delivery, Inc. CLW in October 2020. In May 2021, we acquired J P Hall Express Delivery J P to expand the expedited LTL footprint across the Southeast. 
 
 Enhance Information Systems. We are committed to the development and enhancement of our information systems to provide competitive service advantages and increased productivity. We believe our information systems have and will assist us in capitalizing on new business opportunities with existing and new customers. 
 
 Operations 
 
 The following describes in more detail the operations of each of our reportable segments: Expedited Freight and Intermodal. 
 
 Expedited Freight 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our Expedited Freight segment provides expedited regional, inter-regional and national LTL, final mile and truckload services. We market our Expedited Freight services primarily to freight and logistics intermediaries (such as freight forwarders and third-party logistics companies), airlines (such as integrated air cargo carriers, and passenger and cargo airlines) and retailers (such as retailers of heavy bulky appliances). We offer our customers a high level of service with a focus on on-time, damage-free deliveries. Our Expedited Freight network encompasses approximatel y 92 of all continental U.S. zip codes, with service in Canada and Mexico. 
 
 Shipments 
 
 During 2022, approximately 28 of the freight handled by our LTL network was for overnight delivery, approximately 59 was for delivery within two to three days and the balance was for delivery in four or more days. 
 
 The average weekly volume of freight moving through our LTL network was approximately 54.8 million pounds per week and our average shipment weighed approximately 764 pounds in 2022. Although we impose no significant size or weight restrictions, we focus our marketing and price structure on shipments of 200 p ou nds or more. 
 
 Expedited Freight markets its services primarily to freight and logistics intermediaries; however, it may at times, provide such services to shippers if the opportunity is consistent with Expedited Freight s strategy. Also, because Expedited Freight does not place significant size or weight restrictions on shipments, we generally do not compete directly with integrated air cargo carriers such as United Parcel Service and FedEx Corporation in the overnight delivery of small parcels. 
 
 5 

The table below summarizes the average weekly volume of freight moving through our LTL network for each year since 2008. 
 Average Weekly Volume in Pounds Year (In millions) 2008 34.2 2009 28.5 2010 32.6 2011 34.0 2012 34.9 2013 35.4 2014 37.4 2015 47.2 2016 46.5 2017 49.5 2018 50.2 2019 48.6 2020 46.3 2021 55.4 2022 54.8 
 
 Transportation 
 
 Expedited Freight secures transportation capacity from four sources: 
 
 independent contractors that own and lease their equipment (primarily tractors) to the Company Leased Capacity Providers 
 third-party contracted motor carriers; 
 capacity secured by transportation intermediaries, including freight brokers; and 
 Company-owned equipment operated by employee drivers. 
 
 The majority of the transportation capacity utilized by Expedited Freight is provided by Leased Capacity Providers, with whom we seek to establish long-term relationships with to assure dependable service and availability. We believe Expedited Freight has experienced significantly higher average retention of Leased Capacity Providers compared to other over-the-road transportation providers. Expedited Freight has established specific guidelines relating to safety records, driving experience and personal evaluations that we use to select our Leased Capacity Providers. To enhance our relationship with the Leased Capacity Providers, Expedited Freight seeks to pay rates that are generally above prevailing market rates, and our Leased Capacity Providers often are able to negotiate a consistent work schedule for their drivers. Usually, Leased Capacity Providers negotiate schedules for their drivers that are between the same two cities or along a consistent route, improving quality of work life for the drivers of our Leased Capacity Providers and, in turn, increasing the retention rate of drivers and Leased Capacity Providers. 
 
 We also purchase transportation capacity supplied by third-party contracted motor carriers and transportation intermediaries. The majority of the transportation capacity utilized in our big and bulky final mile service is provided by third-party motor carriers, and we utilize capacity from both third-party motor carriers and transportation intermediaries to support other Expedited Freight service offerings in response to seasonal demands and volume surges in particular markets, to handle overflow volume. A small portion of Expedited Freight's transportation capacity is provided by employee drivers operating company-owned equipment. 
 
 Other Services 
 
 Expedited Freight provides additional value-added services that are integrated into the overall operation of its network. 
 
 6 

Expedited Freight offers final mile services which include the delivery and installation of heavy bulky appliances such as washing machines, dryers, dishwashers and refrigerators. We significantly expanded the final mile geographic footprint and operate in over 117 locations nationwide. Expedited Freight continues to integrate these deliveries into its LTL pickup and delivery and terminal operations so as to increase network density and lower overall LTL unit costs. 
 
 Expedited Freight offers truckload services which include expedited truckload brokerage, dedicated fleet services, as well as high security and temperature-controlled logistics services. 
 
 Other Expedited Freight services allow customers to access the following services from a single source: 
 
 customs brokerage; 
 warehousing, dock and office space; 
 hotshot or ad hoc ultra-expedited services; and 
 shipment consolidation and handling, such as shipment build-up and break-down and reconsolidation of air or ocean pallets or containers. 
 
 Customers 
 
 Our Expedited Freight wholesale customer base is primarily comprised of freight forwarders, third-party logistics 3PL companies, integrated air cargo carriers and passenger, cargo airlines, steamship lines and retailers. Expedited Freight s freight forwarder customers vary in size from small, independent, single facility companies to large, international logistics companies. Our dependable service and wide-ranging service offerings also make Expedited Freight an attractive option for 3PL providers, which is one of the fastest growing segments in the transportation industry. Integrated air cargo carriers use our network to provide overflow capacity and other services, including shipment of bigger packages and pallet-loaded cargo. In 2022, Expedited Freight s ten largest customers accounted for approximately 38 of its revenue and no single customer had revenue greater than 10 of Expedited Freight revenue for 2022. 
 
 Intermodal 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our Intermodal segment provides first- and last-mile high value intermodal container drayage services both to and from seaports and railheads. Intermodal also offers dedicated contract and container freight station CFS warehouse and handling services. Intermodal also provides linehaul and local less-than-truckload service in the Midwest, as well as CFS warehousing services (e.g. devanning, unit load device build-up/tear-down, and security screening) for air and ocean import/export freight at five of its Midwest terminals. Our Intermodal service differentiators include: 
 
 Immediate proof of delivery and signature capture capability via tablets; 
 All drivers receive dispatch orders on hand-held units and are trackable via GPS; and 
 Daily container visibility and per diem management reports. 
 
 Operations 
 
 Intermodal s primary office is located in Oak Brook, Illinois. Intermodal s network consists of 30 locations primarily in the Midwest and Southeast, with a smaller operational presence in the Southwest, Mid-Atlantic, and West Coast. 
 
 Transportation 
 
 Intermodal utilizes a mix of Company-employed drivers, Leased Capacity Providers and third-party motor carriers. During 2022, approximate ly 71 of Intermodal s direct transportation expenses were provided by Leased Capacity Providers, 24 by Company-employed drivers, and 5 by third-party motor carriers. 
 
 All of our Intermodal company and independent contractor tractors are equipped with computer tablets, which enable us to communicate with our drivers, plan and monitor shipment progress and monitor our drivers hours of service. We use the real-time global positioning data obtained from these devices to improve customer and driver service, and provide a high level of shipment visibility to our customers (including immediate proof of delivery signature capture). We believe that our technology is a key differentiator and enables us to provide a higher level of service than our competitors. 
 
 7 

Customers 
 
 Intermodal s customer base is primarily comprised of international freight forwarders, passenger and cargo airlines, beneficial cargo owners and steamship lines. In 2022, Intermodal s ten largest customers accounted for approximate ly 33 of its operating revenue and had one customer with revenue greater than 10 of Intermodal revenue for 2022. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We compete in the North American transportation and logistics services industry, and the markets in which we operate are highly competitive, very fragmented and historically have few barriers to entry. We compete with a large number of other asset-light logistics companies, asset-based carriers, integrated logistics companies, and third-party freight brokers. To a lesser extent, we also compete with integrated air cargo carriers and passenger airlines. Our competition ranges from small operators that operate within a limited geographic area to companies with substantially greater financial and other resources, including greater freight capacity. 
 
 Our Expedited Freight segment primarily competes with other national and regional truckload carriers. Expedited Freight also competes with less-than-truckload carriers, and to a lesser extent, integrated air cargo carriers and passenger and cargo airlines. Our Intermodal segment primarily competes with national and regional drayage providers. 
 
 We believe competition in our segments is based primarily on quality of service, price, available capacity, on-time delivery, flexibility, reliability, security, transportation rates, location of facilities, and business relationships, and we believe we compete favorably with other transportation service companies in these areas. To that end, we believe our Expedited Freight segment has an advantage over other truckload and less-than-truckload carriers because Expedited Freight delivers faster, more reliable services between cities at rates that are generally significantly below the price to transport the same shipments to the same destinations by air. We believe our Intermodal segment has a competitive advantage over other drayage providers because we deliver more reliable service while offering greater shipment visibility and security. Additionally, we believe our Intermodal segment is one of the leading providers of drayage and related services in North America today. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 We market all of our services through a sales and marketing team located in major markets of the United States. Senior leadership is also actively involved in sales and marketing to national and local accounts. We participate in trade shows and advertise our services through digital marketing channels, trade publications, and the Internet via www.tlxpedited.com, www.forwardair.com, www.forwardaircorp.com, and www.forward-intermodal.com. Our websites promote and describe our services in addition to lead generation support. The information on our websites is not part of this filing and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such information is specifically referenced elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Generally, our operating results have been subject to seasonal trends when measured on a quarterly basis with the first quarter the weakest and the third and fourth quarters have been the strongest. This seasonal pattern has been the result of numerous factors such as economic conditions, customer demand, weather, and national holidays. Additionally, a significant portion of our revenue is derived from customers whose business levels are impacted by trends in the economy. 
 
 Workforce 
 
 We recognize that our workforce, including our freight handlers, is our most valuable asset. Through ongoing talent development, comprehensive compensation and benefits, and a focus on health, safety and employee well-being, we strive to help our employees in all aspects of their lives so they can do their best at work. The recruitment, training and retention of qualified employees is essential to support our continued growth and to meet the service requirements of our customers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 4,155 full-time employees, 924 of whom were freight handlers and an additional 272 part-time employees, the majority of whom were freight handlers. In 2022, none of our employees were covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 
 8 

Roadway Health and Safety 
 
 We are committed to educating our employees and promoting driver health and wellness through routine communication campaigns and information designed to emphasize the importance of safe operations. Drivers of our Leased Capacity Providers complete a three-day safety orientation as part of their onboarding where they are assigned several training courses, and from time-to-time, additional safety trainings may also be assigned on an ongoing basis, dependent upon driving behaviors. 
 
 We invest in a variety of programs focused on improving and maintaining driver health and wellness. We provide drivers access to a fatigue management service with the goal of reducing fatigue-related accidents and encouraging healthy, restful sleep. We have implemented fleet safety equipment, including electronic monitoring systems, to track driver safety, well-being, and health through monitoring of speed and proper hours-of-service-required rest breaks. 
 
 We provide a quarterly safety bonus and annual vehicle giveaway to incentivize our Leased Capacity Providers to promote safe driving practices. Both initiatives celebrate drivers of our Leased Capacity Providers who have zero moving violations or accidents on a quarterly basis. Drivers who obtain four quarterly bonuses are eligible to win a new vehicle. In 2022, 209 Leased Capacity Providers as well as Company-employed drivers qualified for the vehicle giveaway. Looking ahead, we will continue to identify and promote programs that focus on the health and wellness for the drivers of our Leased Capacity Providers. 
 
 Workplace Health and Safety 
 
 We are committed to the safety of our employees and independent contractors. Our safety program focuses on risk reduction and safety management procedures that promote preventative measures. 
 
 We employ, maintain, and monitor a robust health and safety program for all of our workers to prevent workplace incidents. Policies and procedures exist to investigate accidents and monitor lessons learned, driving continuous improvement in the health and safety practices across our facilities. All of our employees are assigned to training courses as part of onboarding and employees may be assigned additional refresher trainings based on corrective action or identified risk. 
 
 Diversity 
 
 We believe that our employees unique and diverse capabilities positively impact our success. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion starts at the top with a highly skilled and diverse board. Since 2017, we added four female directors to our Board, two directors who identify as Hispanic, one director who identifies as African American and one director who identifies as Indian. 
 
 We are committed to further increase the percentage of diverse representation in our overall employee base as well as to further initiatives for compensation equity, employee engagement, development and inclusion. We believe that incorporating diversity and inclusion D I initiatives into our everyday business practices enhances innovation and enables diversity of thought. Building upon our core values, our employees value learning from different perspectives and welcome the opportunity to work with those of diverse backgrounds. Through our D I initiatives, employees take part in robust training, such as understanding diversity, generational awareness, and emotional intelligence. We also provide our employees with Employee Resource Groups to help foster a diverse and inclusive workplace as well as provide for the growth and development of underrepresented groups. 
 
 Compensation 
 
 We regularly review surveys of market rates for jobs to ensure our compensation practices are competitive. We are committed to providing total rewards that are market-competitive and performance-based, driving innovation and operational excellence. Our compensation programs, practices, and policies reflect our commitment to reward short- and long-term performance that aligns with, and drives shareholder value. Total direct compensation is generally positioned within a competitive range of the market median, with differentiation based on tenure, skills, proficiency, and performance to attract and retain key talent. In addition to salaries, our compensation programs include annual incentive bonuses, stock awards, and participation in a retirement savings plan, dependent upon the position and level of employee. We also invest in talent development initiatives to support the ongoing career development of all employees, including learning workshops that target all levels of employees. 
 
 9 

Equipment 
 
 We manage a trailer pool that is utilized by all of our businesses to move freight through our networks. Our trailer pool includes dry van, refrigerated and roller-bed trailers, and substantially all of our trailers are 53 feet long. We own the majority of the trailers we use, but we supplement at times with leased trailers. As of December 31, 2022, we had 6,021 owned trailers in our fleet with an average age of approximately nine years. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we also had 705 leased trailers in our fleet. As of December 31, 2022, we had 273 owned tractors and straight trucks in our fleet, with an average age of approximately three years. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we also had 643 leased tractors and straight trucks in our fleet. 
 
 Corporate Sustainability 
 
 We embrace a comprehensive approach to sustainability that addresses Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG factors. 
 
 Our integrated framework focuses on three pillars: (i) People and Communities; (ii) Customer; and (iii) Environment. After completing an ESG assessment in 2020 utilizing the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards and conducting a third-party stakeholder assessment, we identified ten ESG priority areas within these three pillars that we believe are relevant to our business and important to our employees, communities, cusotmers, investors, partners and contractors, and which form the foundation for our sustainability strategy: 
 
 Roadway Health Safety 
 Measurement Disclosure 
 Workplace Health Safety 
 Information Security 
 Independent Contractor Practices 
 Responsible Supplier Practices 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging (DEI B) Practices 
 Green House Gas (GHG) Emissions Reduction Practices 
 Community Impact Partnerships 
 Air Quality Practices 

Since 2019, we have deployed meaningful resources to manage sustainability risks and to capitalize on related opportunities for the benefit of our stakeholders. In 2019, our Board amended the Corporate Governance and Nominating CG N Committee Charter to give the CG N Committee oversight over our ESG-related efforts. At least twice a year, the CG N Committee is updated on each of these topics and provides feedback and direction that it deems appropriate. At least annually, the Chair of the CG N Committee will provide a report on these topics to the full Board. 
 
 In 2020, Forward s leadership created the Head of Corporate ESG role to provide oversight of Forward s ESG vision, strategic planning, performance management, and improvement activities. 
 
 In 2021, we published our first ESG Report and created our internal ESG Steering Committee, which oversees our company-wide ESG strategy and meets at least quarterly and on an as-needed basis. 
 
 In 2022, we streamlined our internal data collection process, completed our Greenhouse Gas (GHG) inventory, set measurable targets and goals, and published our second ESG report through the launch of our new ESG website which we will update annually with our progress. The ESG report and new website are accessible through our investor relations site, https://ir.forwardaircorp.com/esg . The information on our website and our ESG report are not incorporated into, and are not a part of, this report. 
 
 People and Communities 
 
 We are committed to maintaining safe facilities for our employees, independent contractors, customers and partners. As part of this pillar, we focus on Roadway Health Safety, Workplace Health Safety, Independent Contractor Practices, and DEI B Practices. 
 
 For instance, we employ, maintain, and monitor a robust Health and Safety program for all of our workers which establishes procedures and policies to prevent workplace incidents. As part of our assessment, we have identified improvement activities to develop a comprehensive Emergency Preparedness Plan EPP for all our facilities. The EPP is under 
 10 

development and in compliance with OSHA 29 CFR 1910 standards and FMCSA 49 CFR. When completed, we will distribute and maintain this EPPP for employees and independent contractors alike, across our facilities and corporate offices. 
 
 We also remain committed to fostering a more diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment. In 2020, we created a Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging (DEI B) Council to promote employee inclusion and engagement. Since the creation of the DEI B Council, among other initiatives, we have implemented paid parental leave, launched Employee Resource Groups to foster an inclusive environment and celebrated different cultures by commemorating key diversity holidays, observances, celebrations and provided floating paid holidays. 
 
 We are committed to supporting and giving back to the communities where we live and work, particularly through the support of our employee Veterans, and to the community of Veterans in North America. For instance, we continue to support our Veterans through our charitable organization, Operation: Forward Freedom, a manifestation of our ongoing commitment to Veteran-related causes. In 2022, we hosted our first annual Drive for Hope Golf tournament where we raised more than 375,000 for Hope for the Warriors. Hope for the Warriors is a 501c3 nonprofit whose mission is to care for and empower service members and military families challenged by the physical, moral and psychological effects of war. 
 
 We also partner with non-profit organizations that positively impact our communities and our industry such as Truckers Against Trafficking, Women in Trucking and Drexel Hamilton. 
 
 Customer 
 
 We are committed to providing the industry's highest quality service in delivering on our customers' expectations. As part of this pillar, we focus on Measurement Disclosure, Information Security, and Responsible Supplier Practices. 
 
 We remain committed to transparent and sustainable business practices. As part of this ongoing commitment, we have transformed and innovated several of our digital and cloud technologies to create more efficient and integrated processes. We deploy various programs, including Safety and Environmental Management Systems, to collect meaningful data that is communicated with all divisions and management. 
 
 We have also employed proactive measures to protect our network, computer systems and data from cyber threats, in part, by creating a robust Information Security program in early 2020. We are continuously deploying infrastructure to meet the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) requirements. 
 
 As part of our Responsible Supplier program, we work to understand the ESG goals of both our suppliers and customers. By 2024, we expect to establish data tracking infrastructure and explore opportunities to grow our supplier diversity program and partnerships. We aim to establish supplier diversification goals in the coming years. 
 
 Environment 
 
 We are committed to promoting a healthier natural and built environment by striving for continuous environmental improvements in all aspects of our business. Environmental leadership requires not only our own action, but transparency and participation in the industry, including conversations about innovations and advancements that make a difference. As part of this pillar, we focus on GHG Emissions Reduction Practices and Air Quality Practices. 
 
 As a transportation company, we are conscious of the environmental effects of our operations and are committed to tracking and reducing our GHG emissions and improving our energy efficiency. We have established a preliminary goal to reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions (combined) by 2030 from a 2021 base year. As part of this goal, in 2022, we partnered with carbon capture company Remora, reserving ten of its mobile devices for a pilot project tentatively scheduled for the second half of 2023. We are also aligning with industry certifications, continuing to be a SmartWay certified company. SmartWay is a certification from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA verifying company compliance with EPA regulations, including fuel efficiency ranges and emission standards. 
 
 To learn more about our ESG strategy and all our focus areas, visit our ESG website, https://forwardair.metrio.net/ , also accessible through our investor relations site. The information in our ESG report is not incorporated into, and is not a part of, this report. We are committed to making our results count and will continue to update our future disclosures accordingly. 

11 

Risk Management and Litigation 
 Under DOT regulations, we are liable for bodily injury and property damage caused by Leased Capacity Providers and employee drivers while they are operating equipment under our various motor carrier authorities. The potential liability associated with any accident can be severe and occurrences are unpredictable. 
 
 For vehicle liability, we retain a portion of the risk. Below is a summary of our risk retention on vehicle liability insurance coverage maintained by us through 10,000 (in thousands): 
 
 Risk Retention Frequency Layer Policy Term Expedited Freight LTL business 5,000 Occurrence/Accident 0 to 5,000 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 Truckload business 2,000 Occurrence/Accident 0 to 2,000 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 LTL, Truckload and Intermodal businesses 5,000 Policy Term Aggregate 5,000 to 10,000 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 Intermodal 1,000 Occurrence/Accident 0 to 1,000 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 
 Excluding the Final Mile business, which is primarily a brokered service. 
 For each and every accident/incident, we are responsible for damages and defense up to these amounts, regardless of the number of claims associated with any accident/incident. 
 During the Policy Term, we are responsible for damages and defense within the stated Layer up to the stated, aggregate amount of Risk Retention before insurance will contribute. 
 
 Also, from time to time, when brokering freight, we may face claims for the negligent selection of outside, contracted carriers that are involved in accidents, and we maintain third-party liability insurance coverage with a 100 deductible per occurrence for most of our brokered services. Additionally, we maintain workers compensation insurance with a self-insured retention of 500 per occurrence. We cannot guarantee that our self-insurance retention levels will not increase and/or that we may have to agree to more unfavorable policy terms as a result of market conditions, poor claims experience or other factors. We could incur claims in excess of our policy limits or incur claims not covered by our insurance. Any claims beyond the limits or scope of our insurance coverage may have a material adverse effect on us. Because we do not carry stop loss insurance, a significant increase in the number of claims that we must cover under our self-insurance retainage could adversely affect our profitability. In addition, we may be unable to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts or scope to protect us against losses. 
 
 From time to time, we are a party to other litigation arising in the normal course of our business, most of which involve claims for personal injury, property damage related to the transportation and handling of freight, or workers compensation. We do not believe that any of these pending actions, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 We are regulated by various United States and state agencies, including the DOT. The DOT and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration FMCSA ), an agency within the DOT, manages a Compliance, Safety, Accountability initiative CSA which governs matters such as safety requirements and compliance, registration to engage in motor carrier operations, drivers hours of service HOS requirements, and certain mergers, consolidations, and acquisitions. We are also subject to laws and regulations under the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, which regulate safety, the supervision of hazardous materials, water discharges, air emissions, solid waste disposal and the release and cleanup of other substances. These regulatory authorities have broad powers, generally governing matters such as authority to engage in motor carrier operations, as well as motor carrier registration, driver hours of service, safety and fitness of transportation equipment and drivers, transportation of hazardous materials, certain mergers and acquisitions and periodic financial reporting. The trucking industry is also subject to regulatory and legislative changes from a variety of other governmental authorities, which address matters such as: increasingly stringent environmental, occupational safety and health regulations, limits on vehicle weight and size, ergonomics, port security, and hours of service. In addition, we are subject to compliance with cargo-security and transportation regulations issued by the Transportation Security Administration and Customs and Border Protection CBP within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and our domestic customs brokerage operations are licensed by CBP. 
 12 

We are also subject to employment laws and regulations, including the changing regulatory landscape, with the potential effects of California Assembly Bill 5 California AB5 ), which introduced a new test for determining worker classification that is viewed as expanding the scope of employee relationships and narrowing the scope of independent contractor relationships. 
 
 Additionally, our Canada business activities are subject to similar requirements imposed by the laws and regulations of Canada, as well as its provincial laws and regulations. Regulatory requirements, and changes in regulatory requirements, may affect our business or the economics of the industry by requiring changes in operating practices or by influencing the demand for and increasing the costs of providing transportation services. 
 
 Service Marks 
 
 Through one of our subsidiaries, we hold U.S. federal trademark registrations associated with the following service marks: Forward (logo), Forward Air, Inc. (logos), circle design (logo), Forward Air , Forward Air (logos), Forward Air Complete , Forward Air Complete (logo), Forward Air Solutions , Forward Air Solutions (logo), TQI, inc. (logo), TQI (logo), Central States Trucking Co. (logo), FAF, Inc. (logo), FSA Logistix (logo), First in last mile Home Delivery , North America s Most Complete Road Feeder Network , and Keeping Your Business Moving Forward . We also hold an allowed federal trademark application for the Precision Execution logo. We additionally have certain common law service mark rights, including in the tagline When It Matters, Think Forward, that are not currently registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. As our brands evolve, certain of these marks may go out of use, and others may be developed over time. Our marks are of significant value to our business. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K. other reports and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. We are an electronic filer and the SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains these reports and other information filed electronically. We make available free of charge through the Investor Relations portion of our website such reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website address is www.forwardaircorp.com. Our goal is to maintain our website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us. The information provided on the website is not part of this report, and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this report. 

13 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The following are important risk factors that could affect our financial performance and could cause actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC or in oral presentations such as telephone conferences and webcasts open to the public. You should carefully consider the following factors and consider these in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes in Item 8. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Operations 
 
 Overall economic conditions that reduce freight volumes could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and ability to achieve growth. 
 
 We are sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact customer shipping volumes, industry freight demand and industry truck capacity. The transportation industry historically has experienced cyclical fluctuations in financial results due to economic recession, downturns in business cycles of customers, interest and currency rate fluctuations, inflation, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and other economic factors beyond our control. Changes in U.S. trade policy could lead to trade wars impacting the volume of economic activity in the United States, and as a result, trucking freight volumes may be materially reduced. Such a reduction may materially and adversely affect our business. Deterioration in the economic environment subjects our business to various risks, including the following that may have a material and adverse impact on our operating results and cause us not to maintain previously achieved levels of profitability or achieve growth: 
 
 A reduction in overall freight volumes reduces our revenues and opportunities for growth. In addition, a decline in the volume of freight shipped due to a downturn in customers business cycles or other factors (including our ability to assess dimensional and weight-based charges) generally results in decreases in freight pricing and decreases in revenue derived from various surcharges and accessorial charges. In our LTL business, these decreases typically reduce the average revenue per pound of freight, as carriers use price concession to compete for loads to maintain truck productivity. 
 Our base transportation rates are determined based on numerous factors such as length of haul, weight per shipment and freight class. During economic downturns and periods of low freight volume, we may also have to lower our base transportation rates based on competitive pricing pressures and market factors. 
 Some of our customers may face economic difficulties that affect their ability to pay us, and some may go out of business. In addition, some customers may not pay us as quickly as they have in the past, causing our working capital needs to increase. 
 A significant number of our transportation providers may go out of business and we may be unable to secure sufficient equipment or other transportation services to meet our commitments to our customers. 
 We may not be able to appropriately adjust our expenses to changing market demands. In order to maintain high degree of cost variability in our business model, it is necessary to adjust staffing levels to changing market demands. In periods of rapid change, it is more difficult to match our staffing levels to our business needs. 
 If the domestic freight forwarder, Expedited Freight s primary customer type, is disintermediated, and we are not able to transition effectively into servicing other customers, like third-party logistics companies and beneficial cargo owners, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Inflation may increase our operating expenses and lower profitability 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic caused a global recession, and the sustainability of the economic recovery observed in 2022 remains unclear. The COVID-19 pandemic has also significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, has led to inflationary pressure in the U.S. and elsewhere, and has led to disruption and volatility in demand for our services, our suppliers' ability to fill orders and global capital markets. 
 
 Most of our operating expenses are sensitive to increases in inflation, including equipment prices, real property rental costs, fuel costs, insurance costs, employee wages and purchased transportation. Furthermore, inflation may generally increase costs for materials, supplies and services and capital. With increasing costs, we may have to increase our prices to maintain the same level of profitability. If we are unable to increase our prices sufficiently to offset increasing expenses, then inflation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 14 

We may have difficulty effectively managing our growth, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our growth strategy includes increasing freight volume from new and existing customers, improving our freight characteristics, implementing best practices and operational efficiencies, expanding our service offerings and pursuing strategic transactions. Our growth plans will place significant demands on our management and operating personnel. 
 
 To manage our current and anticipated future growth effectively, we must continue to maintain, and may need to enhance, our operating and management information systems and information technology infrastructure, which will place additional demands on our resources and operations. Failure to manage our growth effectively could lead us to over-invest or under-invest in technology and operations; result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, systems, or controls; give rise to operational mistakes, losses, or loss of productivity or business opportunities; reduce customer satisfaction; limit our ability to respond to competitive pressures; or result in loss of employees and reduced productivity of remaining employees. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our revenue could decline or may grow more slowly than expected, and we may be unable to implement our growth strategy. 
 
 Volatility in fuel prices, shortages of fuel or the ineffectiveness of our fuel surcharge program could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and profitability. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with the availability and price of fuel. Fuel prices have fluctuated dramatically over recent years. Future fluctuations in the availability and price of fuel could adversely affect our results of operations. Fuel availability and prices can be impacted by factors beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, adverse weather conditions, political events, economic sanctions imposed against oil-producing countries or specific industry participants, disruption or failure of technology or information systems, price and supply decisions by oil producing countries and cartels, terrorist activities, armed conflict, tariffs, sanctions, other changes to trade agreements and world supply and demand imbalance. Over time we have been able to mitigate the impact of the fluctuations through fuel surcharge programs. Our fuel surcharge rates are set weekly based on the national average for fuel prices as published by the U.S. Department of Energy and our fuel surcharge table. Our fuel surcharge revenue is the result of our fuel surcharge rates and the tonnage transiting our networks. The impact of fuel on our results of operations depends on the relationship between the applicable surcharge, the fuel efficiency of our Company drivers, and load factor achieved by our operations. Fluctuations in fuel prices in either direction could have a positive or negative impact on our margins, particularly in our LTL business where the weight of a shipment subject to the fuel surcharge on a given trailer can vary materially. There can be no assurance that our fuel surcharge revenue programs will be effective in mitigating the full impact of future increases in fuel prices. Conversely, decreases in fuel prices reduce the amount of revenue derived from our fuel surcharge programs and accordingly, could reduce our consolidated revenues and may reduce margins for certain businesses. In addition to changing fuel prices, fluctuations in volumes and related load factors may subject us to volatility in our fuel surcharge revenue. Fuel shortages, changes in fuel prices and the potential volatility in fuel surcharge revenue may adversely impact our results of operations and overall profitability. 
 
 If we have difficulty attracting and retaining Leased Capacity Providers, other third-party transportation capacity providers, or freight handlers, our profitability and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We depend on Leased Capacity Providers, third-party contracted motor carriers, and other intermediaries like freight brokers for most of our transportation capacity needs. In 2022, 47.5 of our purchased transportation capacity was provided by Leased Capacity Providers. Competition for Leased Capacity Provider s is intense, and sometimes there are shortages in the marketplace. In addition, a decline in the availability of trucks, tractors and trailers for purchase or use by Leased Capacity Providers may negatively affect our ability to obtain the needed transportation capacity. We also require a large number of employee freight handlers to operate our business efficiently. During periods of low unemployment in the areas where our terminals are located, we may have difficulty hiring and retaining a sufficient number of freight handlers. If we have difficulty attracting and retaining enough qualified freight handlers or Leased Capacity Providers, we may need to increase wages and benefits for our employees or to increase the cost at which we contract with our Leased Capacity Providers, either of which would increase our operating costs. This difficulty may also impede our ability to maintain our delivery schedules, which could make our service less competitive and curtailing our planned growth. A capacity deficit may lead to a decline in the volume of freight we receive from customers or a loss of customers. 
 
 To augment the transportation capacity provided by Leased Capacity Providers, we purchase transportation from other third-party motor carriers, typically at a higher cost. As with Leased Capacity Providers, competition for third-party motor carriers is intense, and sometimes there are shortages of available third-party motor carriers. If we cannot secure a sufficient number of Leased Capacity Providers and have to purchase transportation from third-party carriers, our operating costs will 
 15 

increase. If our labor and operating costs increase, we may be unable to offset the increased costs by increasing rates without adversely affecting our business. As a result, our profitability and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may not make future acquisitions or, if we do, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of future acquisitions and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and occupy management. 
 
 We have grown through acquisitions, and we intend to pursue opportunities to expand our business by acquiring other companies in the future. Our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies and business performance from such acquisitions. Appropriate targets for acquisition are difficult to identify and transactions are difficult to complete for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, limited due diligence, high valuations, other interested parties, negotiations of the definitive documentation, satisfaction of closing conditions, the need to obtain antitrust or other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms, and availability of funding. There is no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, negotiating, consummating or integrating any future acquisitions. Additionally, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of any future acquisitions. Each acquisition has numerous risks including: 
 
 difficulty in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired company; 
 unanticipated costs to support new business lines or separate legal entities; 
 disruption of our ongoing business, distraction of our management and employees from other opportunities and responsibilities due to integration issues; 
 additional indebtedness or the issuance of additional equity to finance future acquisitions, which could be dilutive to our shareholders; 
 inability to access capital markets on acceptable terms or at all; 
 potential loss of key customers or employees of acquired companies along with the risk of unionization of employees; 
 pricing pressure resulting from differing customer pricing practices of the acquired company or varying pricing dynamics in the acquired company's market; 
 inability to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses; 
 potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill acquired as a result of acquisitions; and 
 potential failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant issues with legal and financial liabilities and contingencies, among other things. 
 
 In the event that we do not realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition or if the acquired business is not successfully integrated, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 A determination by regulators that our Leased Capacity Providers or third-party motor carriers are employees rather than independent contractors could expose us to various liabilities and additional ongoing expenses, and related litigation could subject us to substantial costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition. 
 
 At times, the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor and state authorities have asserted that independent contractor transportation capacity providers like our Leased Capacity Providers and third-party motor carriers are employees, rather than independent contractors. Additionally, we are aware of certain judicial decisions and state laws that could bring about major reforms in the classification of workers, including the California Assembly Bill 5 California AB5 ). California AB5 purports to codify a new test for determining worker classification that is broadly viewed as expanding the scope of employee relationships and narrowing the scope of independent contractor relationships. Although no enforcement actions under California AB5 have been asserted against the Company, if the State of California seeks to re-classify our use of our Leased Capacity Providers or ISPs as employees, that result could materially increase our exposure under a variety of federal and state tax, workers compensation, unemployment benefits, labor, employment and tort laws, as well as our potential liability for employee benefits. In addition, such changes may be applied retroactively, and if so, we may be required to pay additional amounts to compensate for prior periods. Any of the above increased costs would adversely affect our business and operating results. In addition, California AB5 has been the subject of widespread national discussion and it is possible that other jurisdictions may enact similar laws. 

16 

A determination by regulators that some or all of our Leased Capacity Providers or third-party motor carriers are employees rather than independent contractors could expose us to various liabilities and additional ongoing expenses, including but not limited to, the cost of assets to be operated by employee drivers, employment-related expenses such as workers compensation insurance coverage and reimbursement of work-related expenses. Our exposure could include prior period compensation, as well as potential liability for employee benefits and tax withholdings. In addition, the topic of the classification of individuals as employees or independent contractors has gained increased attention among the plaintiffs bar and certain states have recently seen numerous class action lawsuits filed against transportation companies that engage independent contractors, some of which have resulted in significant damage awards and/or monetary settlements for workers who have been allegedly misclassified as independent contractors. The legal and other costs associated with any of these matters can be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition. 
 
 Because a portion of our network costs are fixed, any factors that result in a decrease in the volume or revenue per pound of freight shipped through our networks will adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our operations, particularly our networks of hubs and terminals, represent substantial fixed costs. As a result, any decline in the volume or revenue per pound of freight we handle will have an adverse effect on our operating margin and our results of operations. Several factors can result in such declines, including adverse business and economic conditions affecting shippers of freight as discussed above. In addition, volumes shipped through our network may be negatively impacted by lack of customer contractual obligations or cancellations of existing customer contracts. Generally, we do not enter into long-term contracts with our customers. Rather, our customer contracts generally allow for cancellation within 30 to 60 days. As a result, we cannot guarantee that our current customers will continue to utilize our services or that they will continue at the same levels. The timing of our capital investments, pricing models and service availability is generally based on our existing and anticipated customer contracts and freight volumes. 
 
 Our profitability could be negatively impacted if our pricing structure proves to be inaccurate or off-market. 
 
 The price we charge our customers for the services we provide is based on our calculations of, among other things, the costs of providing those services. The Company s assessment of its costs and resulting pricing structure relies on the effective identification and measurement of the impact of a number of key operational variables including, but not limited to volumes, operational efficiencies, length of haul, the mix of fixed versus variable costs, productivity and other factors. If we are incorrect in our assumptions and do not accurately calculate or predict the costs to us to provide our services, we could experience lower margins than anticipated, loss of business, or an inability to offer competitive products and services. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a few major customers, the loss of one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 While no customer accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenues for the calendar year ended December 31, 2022, our top ten customers, based on revenue, accounted for approximately 31 of our revenue. These customers can impact our revenues and profitability based on factors such as: industry trends related to e-commerce that may apply downward pricing pressures on the rates our customers can charge; the seasonality associated with the fourth quarter holiday season; business combinations and the overall growth of a customer's underlying business; and any disruptions to our customers businesses. These customers could choose to divert all or a portion of their business with us to one of our competitors, demand pricing concessions for our services, require us to provide enhanced services that increase our costs, or develop their own shipping and distribution capabilities. Our Expedited Freight and Intermodal segments generally do not have long-term contracts with their customers. A reduction in, or termination of, our services by one or more of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. In addition, any increased direct sales efforts to direct shippers and beneficial cargo owners, as well as the potential acquisition of other businesses that may be perceived as competing more directly with our customers, could adversely affect our expenses, pricing, third-party relationships and revenues, particularly if such actions affect any of these key customers. 
 
 We are dependent on our senior management team and other key employees, and the loss of any such personnel could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our future performance depends, in significant part, upon the continued service of our senior management team and other key employees. We cannot be certain that we can retain these employees. The loss of the services of one or more of these or other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition if we are unable to timely secure replacement personnel who have sufficient experience in our industry or in the management of our business. If we fail to develop, compensate, and retain a core group of senior management and other key employees and maintain an adequate succession plan, it could hinder our ability to execute on our business strategies and maintain our level of service. 
 
 17 

Our business is subject to seasonal trends. 
 
 Generally, our operating results have been subject to seasonal trends when measured on a quarterly basis with the first and second quarters generally weaker compared to our third and fourth quarters. This trend is dependent on numerous factors including economic conditions, customer demand and weather. Revenue is directly related to the available working days of shippers, national holidays and the number of business days during a given period, which may also create seasonal variability on our results of operations. During the remaining winter months after the winter holiday season, our freight volumes are generally lower because some customers reduce shipment levels. In addition, a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from customers in industries whose shipping patterns are tied closely to consumer demand, which can sometimes be difficult to predict, or are based on just-in-time production schedules. Therefore, our revenue is, to a large degree, affected by factors that are outside of our control. There can be no assurance that our historic operating patterns will continue in future periods as we cannot influence or reliably forecast many of these factors. Our ability to predict and adapt to future seasonality in our business will affect our operations and financial results. 
 
 Our results of operations may be affected by harsh weather conditions, disasters and pandemics. 
 
 Certain weather-related conditions such as ice and snow can disrupt our operations. Our operating expenses have historically been higher in the winter months because of cold temperatures and other adverse winter weather conditions, which generally result in decreased fuel efficiency, increased cold weather-related maintenance costs of equipment and increased insurance and claims costs. Harsh weather can temporarily halt deliveries, which could result in decreased revenues and operational challenges resulting from the interruption. Disasters, including severe weather, such as hurricanes or blizzards, and public health issues, such as pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, occurring in the United States or abroad, could result in the temporary lack of an adequate work force and the temporary disruption in the transport of goods to or from overseas which could prevent, delay or reduce freight volumes and could have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels, all of which could result in decreased revenues. 
 
 Our business may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our products and services are directly tied to the production and sale of goods and, more generally, to the North American economy. As a result, transportation and supply chain companies such as ours experienced slowdowns and reduced demand for our services as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The spread of COVID-19 had a material economic effect on our business due to government-imposed restrictions on travel and shelter-in-place orders, increased teleworking, a reduction in business travel and disrupted supply chains worldwide. Although our business and operations have returned to pre-COVID levels, should we experience another COVID-19-like virus outbreak in the future with similar restrictions, we would anticipate a similar impact on our business. 
 
 Labor shortages and increased turnover or increases in employee and employee-related costs could have adverse effects on our profitability. 
 
 A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us, including high employment levels, federal unemployment subsidies, and other government regulations, which include laws and regulations related to workers health and safety, wage and hour practices, immigration, and federal vaccine mandates. A labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our business or otherwise operate at full capacity. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on the company s operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 
 
 Changes to our compensation and benefits could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. 
 
 The compensation we offer our employees is subject to market conditions that may require increases in employee compensation, which become more likely as economic conditions improve or as inflation increases. If we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, we could be required to increase our compensation and benefits packages, or reduce our operations and face difficulty meeting customer demands, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 

18 

We could be required to record a material non-cash charge to income if our recorded intangible assets or goodwill are determined to be impaired. 
 
 We have 154,801 of net definite-lived intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Our definite-lived intangible assets primarily represent the value of customer relationships and non-compete agreements that were recorded in conjunction with our various acquisitions. We review our long-lived assets, such as our definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairment is recognized on these assets when the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value. If such measurement indicates impairment, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge to our consolidated statement of comprehensive income in the amount that the carrying value of these assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets. 
 
 We also have 306,184 of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually (or more frequently if circumstances indicate possible impairment) for each of our reporting units. This assessment includes comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the respective reporting unit. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge calculated as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting units estimated fair value. A non-cash impairment charge to our consolidated statement of comprehensive income could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 
 We operate in highly competitive and fragmented segments of our industry, and our business will suffer if we are unable to adequately address downward pricing pressures and other factors that may adversely affect our results of operations, growth prospects and profitability. 
 
 The segments of the freight transportation industry in which we participate are highly competitive, very fragmented and historically have few barriers to entry. We compete with a large number of other asset-light logistics companies, asset-based carriers, integrated logistics companies, and third-party freight brokers. To a lesser extent, we also compete with integrated air cargo carriers and passenger airlines. Our competition ranges from small operators that compete within a limited geographic area to companies with substantially greater financial and other resources, including greater freight capacity. We also face competition from freight forwarders who decide to establish their own networks to transport expedited ground freight, as well as from logistics companies, Internet matching services and Internet and third-party freight brokers, and new entrants to the market. In addition, customers can bring in-house some of the services we provide. We believe competition is based primarily on quality service, price, available capacity, damage-free handling, on-time delivery, flexibility, reliability and security and transportation rates as well as the ability to acquire and maintain terminal facilities in desirable locations at reasonable rates. Many of our competitors periodically reduce their rates to gain business, especially during times of economic decline. In an effort to reduce costs, we have seen our customers solicit bids from multiple transportation providers and develop or expand internal capabilities for some of the services that we provide. 
 
 In addition, competitors may pursue other strategies to gain a competitive advantage such as developing superior information technology systems or establishing cooperative relationships to increase their ability to address customer needs. The development of new information technology systems or business models could result in our disintermediation in certain businesses, such as freight brokerage. Furthermore, the transportation industry continues to consolidate. As a result of consolidation, our competitors may increase their market share and improve their financial capacity, and may strengthen their competitive positions relative to ours. Business combinations could also result in competitors providing a wider variety of services at competitive prices, which could adversely affect our financial performance. These competitive pressures may cause a decrease in our volume of freight, require us to lower the prices we charge for our services and adversely affect our results of operations, growth prospects and profitability. 
 
 Our increased direct sales efforts to direct shippers and beneficial cargo owners could be viewed as a competitive threat by our current domestic forwarder customers. 
 
 We are increasing our sales to direct shippers and beneficial cargo owners, which as a group are the primary customers of freight forwarders, 3PLs and other transportation intermediaries. These intermediaries are significant customers of our business in the United States. Our activities related to our increased direct sales efforts to direct shippers and beneficial cargo owners, as well as the potential acquisition of other businesses that may be perceived as competing with our customers, could harm relationships with our current customers, employees or suppliers, and could adversely affect our expenses, pricing, third party relationships and revenues. Further, a loss of a significant customer could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 19 

Reductions in the available supply or increases in the cost of new equipment may adversely impact our profitability and cash flows. 
 
 We and our Leased Capacity Providers and ISPs may face difficulty in purchasing new equipment due to decreased supply or increased costs. Investment in new equipment is a significant part of our annual capital expenditures and we require an available supply of tractors, trailers, and other freight handling equipment from manufacturers to operate and grow our business. We may also be subject to shortages in raw materials that are required for the production of critical operating equipment and supplies, such as shortages in rubber or steel. Currently, tractor and trailer manufacturers are experiencing significant shortages of various component parts and supplies, forcing many manufacturers to reduce or suspend their production, which has led to a lower supply of tractors, trailers, and other equipment, higher prices, and lengthened trade cycles. 
 
 In addition, the availability and price of our equipment may also be adversely affected in the future by regulations on newly manufactured equipment and engines. We are subject to regulations issued by the EPA and various state agencies, particularly the California Air Resources Board CARB ), that have required progressive reductions in exhaust emissions. We may become subject to new or more restrictive regulations, or differing interpretations of existing regulations, which may increase the cost of providing transportation services or adversely affect our results of operations. We are also unable to predict how any future changes in United States government policy will affect EPA and CARB regulation and enforcement. 
 
 These regulations, the limited equipment availability, and other supply chain factors have resulted and could continue to result in higher prices for new equipment, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly our maintenance expense, mileage productivity, and driver retention. 
 
 Risks Relating to Information Technology and Systems 
 
 If we fail to maintain our information technology systems, or if we fail to successfully implement new technology or enhancements, we may be at a competitive disadvantage and experience a decrease in revenues. 
 
 We rely heavily on our information technology systems to efficiently run our business, and they are a key component of our growth strategy and competitive advantage. We, our customers and third parties increasingly store and transmit data by means of connected information technology systems. We expect our customers to continue to demand more sophisticated, fully integrated information systems from their transportation providers. To keep pace with changing technologies and customer demands, we must correctly interpret and address market trends and enhance the features and functionality of our information technology systems in response to these trends, which may lead to significant ongoing software development costs. We may be unable to accurately determine the needs of our customers and the trends in the transportation services industry or to design and implement the appropriate features and functionality of our information technology systems in a timely and cost-effective manner, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage and result in a decline in our efficiency, decreased demand for our services and a corresponding decrease in our revenues. In addition, we could incur software development costs for technology that is ultimately not deployed, and thus would require us to write-off these costs, which would negatively impact our financial results. Furthermore, as technology improves, our customers may be able to find alternatives to our services for matching shipments with available freight hauling capacity. 
 
 Our information technology systems can also play an integral role in managing our internal freight and transportation information and creating additional revenue opportunities, including assessing available backhaul capacity. A failure to capture and utilize our internal freight and transportation information may impair our ability to service our existing customers or grow revenue. 
 
 Our information technology systems are dependent upon cloud infrastructure providers, software as a service, global communications providers, web browsers, telephone systems and other aspects of the Internet infrastructure that have experienced significant system failures and outages in the past. While we take measures to ensure our major systems have redundant capabilities, our systems are susceptible to outages from fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, data leakage, human error, break-ins, cyber-attacks and similar events. The occurrence of any of these events could disrupt or damage our information technology systems and hamper our internal operations, impede our customers access to our information technology systems and adversely impact our customer service, volumes, and revenues and result in increased cost. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 

20 

Our business is subject to cybersecurity risks. 
 
 On December 15, 2020, we detected a ransomware incident (the Ransomware Incident impacting our operational and information technology systems, which caused service delays for our customers. We suffered unexpected costs and impacts from the Ransomware Incident, and may in the future incur costs in connection with any future cybersecurity incidents, including infrastructure investments, remediation efforts and legal claims resulting from the above. 
 
 Our operations depend on effective and secure information technology systems. Threats to information technology systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks and cyber incidents, such as the Ransomware Incident on December 15, 2020, continue to grow. Cybersecurity risks could include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and the unauthorized release, corruption or loss of our data and personal information, interruptions in communication, loss of our intellectual property or theft of our sensitive or proprietary technology, loss or damage to our data delivery systems, or other electronic security, including with our property and equipment. 
 
 These cybersecurity risks could: 
 Disrupt our operations and damage our information technology systems; 
 Subject us to various penalties and fees by third parties; 
 Negatively impact our ability to compete; 
 Enable the theft or misappropriation of funds; 
 Cause the loss, corruption or misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, expose us to litigation; and 
 Result in injury to our reputation, downtime, loss of revenue, and increased costs to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity events. 
 
 If another cybersecurity event occurs, such as the Ransomware Incident, it could harm our business and reputation and could result in a loss of customers. Likewise, data privacy breaches by employees and others who access our systems may pose a risk that sensitive customer or vendor data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public, adversely impacting our customer service, employee relationships and our reputation. Furthermore, any failure to comply with data privacy, security or other laws and regulations, such as the California Privacy Rights Act, which took effect as the California Consumer Privacy Act in January 2020 and was amended effective January 1, 2023, could result in claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquires or investigations. 
 
 While we continue to make efforts to evaluate and improve our systems and particularly the effectiveness of our security program, procedures and systems, it is possible that our business, financial and other systems could be compromised, which could go unnoticed for a prolonged period of time, and there can be no assurance that the actions and controls that we implement, or we cause third-party service providers to implement, will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property. Additionally, customers or third parties upon whom we rely on face similar threats, which could directly or indirectly impact our business and operations. The occurrence of a cyber-incident or attack could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Regulatory Environment 
 
 Claims for property damage, personal injuries or workers compensation and related expenses could significantly reduce our earnings. 
 
 Under DOT regulations, we are liable for bodily injury and property damage caused by Leased Capacity Providers and employee drivers while they are operating equipment under our various motor carrier authorities. The potential liability associated with any accident can be severe and occurrences are unpredictable. 
 
 21 

For vehicle liability, we retain a portion of the risk. Below is a summary of our risk retention on vehicle liability insurance coverage maintained by us up to 10,000 (in thousands): 
 
 Risk Retention Frequency Layer Policy Term Expedited Freight LTL business 5,000 Occurrence/Accident 0 to 5,000 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 Truckload business 2,000 Occurrence/Accident 0 to 2,000 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 LTL, Truckload and Intermodal businesses 5,000 Policy Term Aggregate 5,000 to 10,000 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 Intermodal 1,000 Occurrence/Accident 0 to 1,000 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 
 Excluding the Final Mile business, which is primarily a brokered service. 
 For each and every accident/incident, we are responsible for damages and defense up to these amounts, regardless of the number of claims associated with any accident/incident. 
 During the Policy Term, we are responsible for damages and defense within the stated Layer up to the stated, aggregate amount of Risk Retention before insurance will contribute. 
 
 Also, from time to time, when brokering freight, we may face claims for the negligent selection of outside, contracted carriers that are involved in accidents, and we maintain third-party liability insurance coverage with a 100 deductible per occurrence for our brokered services. Additionally, we maintain workers compensation insurance with a self-insured retention of 500 per occurrence. We cannot guarantee that our self-insurance retention levels will not increase and/or that we may have to agree to more unfavorable policy terms as a result of market conditions, poor claims experience or other factors. We could incur claims in excess of our policy limits or incur claims not covered by our insurance. Any claims beyond the limits or scope of our insurance coverage may have a material adverse effect on us. Because we do not carry stop loss insurance, a significant increase in the number of claims that we must cover under our self-insurance retainage could adversely affect our profitability. In addition, we may be unable to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts or scope to protect us against losses. 
 
 Further, as we focus on growing our final mile solutions business that includes in-home installation of appliances and other over-the-threshold services, we may become increasingly subject to inherent risks associated with delivery and installation of products. These risks include incidents that can cause personal injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment, or the suspension of our operations. 
 
 Our residential final mile delivery service exposes us to risks associated with delivering to residential customers. 
 
 We contract with third-party motor carriers to provide our final mile delivery services that include in-home installation of appliances and other over-the-threshold services. The operation of these trucks and drivers in residential environments exposes such third-party motor carriers (and potentially us) to the risk of property damage, personal injury, loss of life and other claims. If any of these third-party motor carriers do not reliably and safely perform their obligations, they and we could be exposed to liability or reputational harm. 
 
 We face risks related to self-insurance and third-party insurance that can be volatile to our earnings. 
 
 We self-insure a significant portion of our claims exposure and related expenses for cargo loss, employee medical expense, bodily injury, workers compensation and property damage, and maintain insurance with insurance companies above our limits of self-insurance. Self-insurance retention and other limitations are detailed in Part II, Item 7, under Self-Insurance Loss Reserves. Because of these significant self-insured exposures, insurance and claims expense may fluctuate significantly from period to period. Additionally, our ability to obtain and maintain adequate insurance and the cost of such insurance may be affected by significant claims and conditions in the insurance market over which we have no control. In recent years the trucking industry has experienced significant increases in the cost of liability insurance and in the median verdict of trucking accidents. If the cost of insurance increases, we may decide to discontinue certain insurance coverage, reduce our level of coverage or increase our deductibles/retentions to offset the cost increase. In addition, our existing types and levels of insurance coverage could become difficult or impossible to obtain in the future. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance, the loss of insurance coverage or a material increase in the cost of insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 22 

We accrue for the costs of the uninsured portion of pending claims, based on the nature and severity of individual claims and historical claims development trends. Estimating the number and severity of claims, as well as related judgment or settlement amounts is inherently difficult. We may fail to establish sufficient insurance reserves and adequately estimate for future insurance claims. This, along with legal expenses, incurred but not reported claims, and other uncertainties can cause unfavorable differences between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. 
 
 Our failure to comply with various applicable federal and state employment and labor laws and regulations could have a material, adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Various federal and state employment and labor laws and regulations govern our relationships with our employees. These laws and regulations relate to matters such as employment discrimination, wage and hour laws, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, employee and independent contractor classification rules, requirements regarding working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work authorization and related requirements, insurance and workers compensation rules, healthcare laws, scheduling notification requirements and anti-discrimination and anti-harassment laws. While the scope of these laws and regulations are subject to change in all jurisdictions, California routinely makes changes to the scope of such laws and regulations, many of which may be strictly enforced, and some of which have been in the past, and may be in the future, implemented on a retrospective basis (meaning we may not have an opportunity to change our employment practices in advance to avoid non-compliance). Complying with these laws and regulations, including ongoing changes thereto, subjects us to substantial expense and non-compliance could expose us to significant liabilities. In particular, we have been subject to employment litigation with respect to classification and wage and hour issues in the past and have wage and hour litigation currently pending. While we have not incurred material losses with respect to this litigation in the past, we may be subject to material claims in the future. 
 
 We operate in a regulated industry, and increased costs of compliance with, or liability for violation of, existing or future regulations and enforcement could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The DOT and various state and federal agencies have been granted broad regulatory powers over our business in the United States, and we are licensed by the DOT and U.S. Customs. Additionally, our Canada business activities are subject to the similar laws and regulations of Canada and its provinces, including the effects of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement USMCA ), a trade agreement between the United States, Mexico and Canada to replace NAFTA, which took effect on July 1, 2020. There can be no assurance that the ongoing transition from NAFTA to the USMCA will not adversely impact our business or disrupt our operations. If we are found to be out of compliance with any applicable regulations, our licenses may be revoked, or we could be subject to substantial fines or penalties and to civil and criminal liability. The transportation industry is subject to legislative and regulatory changes that can affect the economics of our business by requiring changes in operating practices or influencing the demand for, and the cost of providing, transportation services. 
 
 In December 2010, the FMCSA established the CSA motor carrier oversight program under which drivers and fleets are evaluated based on certain safety-related standards. Carriers safety and fitness ratings under CSA include the on-road safety performance of the carriers drivers. The FMCSA has also implemented changes to the hours of service HOS regulations which govern the work hours of commercial drivers and adopted a rule that requires commercial drivers to maintain hours-of-service records with electronic logging devices EL Ds . A t any given time, there are also other proposals for safety-related standards that are pending legislative or administrative approval or adoption. If additional or more stringent standards are adopted, such may result in a reduction of the pool of qualified drivers available to us and to other motor carriers in our industry. If we experience safety and fitness violations, our safety and fitness scores could be adversely impacted, and our fleets could be ranked poorly as compared to our peers. A reduction in our safety and fitness scores or those of our contracted drivers could also reduce our competitiveness in relation to other companies that have higher scores. Additionally, competition for qualified drivers and motor carriers with favorable safety ratings may increase and thus result in increases in driver-related compensation costs. 
 
 In addition, there may be changes in applicable federal or state tax or other laws or interpretations of those laws. If this happens, we may incur additional taxes, as well as higher workers compensation and employee benefit costs, and possibly penalties and interest for prior periods. This could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including legislative and regulatory responses to climate change; and costs of compliance with, or liabilities for violations of, existing or future laws and regulations could significantly increase our costs of doing business. 
 
 Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations dealing with, among other things, the handling of hazardous materials, discharge and retention of storm water, and emissions from our vehicles. We operate in industrial areas, where truck terminals and other industrial activities are located, and where groundwater or other forms of environmental contamination may have occurred. Our operations involve the risks of fuel spillage, environmental damage, and hazardous 
 23 

waste disposal, among others. If we are involved in a spill or other accident involving hazardous substances, or if we are found to be in violation of applicable environmental laws or regulations, it could significantly increase our cost of doing business. Under specific environmental laws and regulations, we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination at our past or present terminals and at third-party waste disposal sites. If we fail to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, we could be subject to substantial fines or penalties and to civil and criminal liability. 
 
 In addition, as societal concerns regarding climate change and carbon emissions become more prevalent, federal and local governments and our customers are taking action in response. This increased focus on sustainability may result in new regulations and customer requirements that could negatively affect our financial results. This could cause us to incur additional direct costs or to make changes to our operations in order to comply with any new regulations and customer requirements, as well as increased indirect costs or loss of revenue resulting from, among other things, our customers incurring additional compliance costs that affect our costs and revenues. We could also lose revenue if our customers divert business from us because we have not complied with their sustainability requirements or accommodated related requests. These costs, changes and loss of revenue could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even without any new legislation or regulation, increased public concern regarding greenhouse gases emitted by transportation carriers could harm the reputations of companies operating in the transportation logistics industries and shift consumer demand toward more locally sourced products and away from our services. 
 
 The FMCSA s CSA and SMS initiatives could adversely impact our ability to hire qualified drivers or contract with qualified Leased Capacity Providers or third-party motor carriers, meet our growth projections and maintain our customer relationships, each of which could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 The FMCSA s CSA is an enforcement and compliance program designed to monitor and improve commercial motor vehicle safety by measuring the safety record of both the motor carrier and the driver. These measurements are scored and used by the FMCSA to identify potential safety risks and to direct enforcement action. CSA scores are dependent upon safety and compliance experience, which could change at any time. In addition, the safety standards prescribed in CSA could change and our ability as well as third-party motor carriers ability to maintain an acceptable score could be adversely impacted. Public disclosure of certain CSA scores was restricted through the enactment of the Fixing America s Surface Transportation Act of 2015 (the FAST Act on December 4, 2015; however, the FAST Act does not restrict public disclosure of all data collected by the FMCSA. The FMCSA is currently reviewing CSA methodology to address deficiencies identified by the National Academy of Sciences, including the possibility of weak or negative correlation between current safety improvement categories and vehicle crash risk. Nevertheless, if we receive unacceptable CSA scores, and this data is made available to the public, our relationships with our customers could be damaged, which could result in a loss of business. 
 
 Likewise, the requirements of SMS could also shrink the industry s pool of drivers as those with unfavorable scores could leave the industry. As a result, the costs to attract, train and retain qualified drivers, Leased Capacity Providers or third-party carriers could increase. In addition, a shortage of qualified drivers could increase driver turnover, decrease asset utilization, limit growth and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 If our employees were to unionize, our operating costs would likely increase. 
 
 None of our employees is currently represented by a collective bargaining agreement. However, we have no assurance that our employees will not unionize in the future, which could increase our operating costs and force us to alter our operating methods. This could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 Our charter and bylaws and provisions of Tennessee law could discourage or prevent a takeover that may be considered favorable. 
 
 Our charter and bylaws and provisions of Tennessee law may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or change in control that may be considered favorable. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for shareholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. Among other things, these provisions: 
 
 authorize us to issue preferred stock, the terms of which may be determined at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and may adversely affect the voting or economic rights of our shareholders; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board of Directors and for proposing matters that can be acted on by shareholders at a meeting. 
 
 Our charter and bylaws and provisions of Tennessee law may discourage transactions that otherwise could provide for the payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our Common Stock and also could limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our Common Stock. 
 24 

Because our Intermodal business depends heavily on freight transiting seaports and railheads, our operating results and financial condition are likely to be adversely affected by any reduction or deterioration in service at seaports or railheads. 
 
 Our Intermodal business provides first- and last-mile high value container drayage services to and from seaports and railheads. Consequently, our ability to continue to expand our Intermodal transportation business is dependent upon the seaports and railheads capacity to handle Intermodal freight. Our business has, at times, been adversely affected by situations impacting one or more railheads or seaports, including congestion, labor shortages, slowdowns or stoppages, adverse weather conditions, changes to rail operations, or other factors that hinder the railheads and seaports to efficiently handle freight transiting their operations, and these situations may occur again in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None . 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our headquarters are in Greeneville, Tennessee and we have additional general offices in Atlanta, Georgia and Columbus, Ohio. As of December 31, 2022, we owned six facilitates, including the Columbus, Ohio general office and lease 174 facilities, including the general office in Atlanta, Georgia and our corporate headquarters in Greeneville, Tennessee. We consider each of our facilities to be in good condition and adequate for its present use. We believe in the event that we need additional facilities, we will be able to purchase or lease facilities on terms and costs similar to those of competitors within the transportation industry. 
 
 Our principal facilities as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 
 Location Segment Leased (square feet) Owned (square feet) Number of Doors Atlanta, Georgia Expedited Freight 154,000 118 Chicago, Illinois Expedited Freight 135,000 110 Columbus, Ohio Expedited Freight 125,000 168 Columbus, Ohio Corporate 240,000 Dallas, Texas Expedited Freight 244,000 134 Los Angeles, California Expedited Freight 254,000 56 Miami, Florida Expedited Freight 111,000 39 Newark, New Jersey Expedited Freight 133,000 36 Phoenix, Arizona Expedited Freight 103,000 24 San Francisco, California Expedited Freight 136,000 22 
 
 In addition to our owned and leased facilities, we partner with independent agents in 29 cities where the agents handle the freight for us on a commission basis. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we are a party to ordinary, routine litigation incidental to and arising in the normal course of our business, most of which involve claims for personal injury, property damage related to the transportation and handling of freight, or workers compensation. For more information about our insurance program and legal proceedings, see Item 1A, Risk Factors - Claims for property damage, personal injuries or workers compensation and related expenses could significantly reduce our earnings. and We face risks related to self-insurance and third-party insurance that can be volatile to our earnings. , and Our failure to comply with various applicable federal and state employment and labor laws and regulations could have a material, adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. , Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates, and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Commitments and Contingencies. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

Not applicable. 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our Common Stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Stock Market under the symbol FWRD. 
 
 There were approximately 243 shareholders of record of our Common Stock as of February 27, 2023. 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.24 per share that will be paid in the first quarter of 2023 to the shareholders of record on March 2, 2023. The Company expects to continue to pay regular quarterly cash dividends, though each subsequent quarterly dividend is subject to review and approval by the Board of Directors. 
 
 There are no material restrictions on our ability to declare dividends. 
 
 None of our securities were sold during fiscal year 2022 without registration under the Securities Act. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the percentage change in the cumulative shareholder return on our Common Stock with The Nasdaq Trucking and Transportation Stocks Index and The Nasdaq Global Select Stock Market Index commencing on the last trading day of December 2017 and ending on the last trading day of December 2022. The graph assumes a base investment of 100 made on December 31, 2017 and the respective returns assume reinvestment of all dividends. The comparisons in this graph are required by the SEC and, therefore, are not intended to forecast or necessarily be indicative of any future return on our Common Stock. 
 
 The performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 26 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Forward Air Corporation 100 109 139 179 256 183 Nasdaq Trucking and Transportation Stocks Index 100 116 140 166 165 106 Nasdaq Global Select Stock Market Index 100 141 200 258 295 155 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The table below sets forth information with respect to purchases of our common stock made by or on behalf of us during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 1 
 Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 1 
 October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 2,366,496 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 134,159 111.79 134,159 2,232,337 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 2,232,337 Total 134,159 111.79 134,159 2,232,337 1 On February 5, 2019, our Board approved the 2019 Repurchase Plan authorizing up to 5.0 million shares of our common stock. The 2019 Share Repurchase Plan expires when the shares authorized for repurchase are exhausted or the 2019 Repurchase Plan is canceled. 

27 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 28 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses our results of operations and financial condition for the year ended December 31, 2022. For a discussion of similar topics for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, please refer to Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading asset-light freight provider of transportation services, including LTL, truckload, final mile and intermodal drayage services across the United States and in Canada and Mexico. We offer premium services that typically require precision execution, such as expedited transit, delivery during tight time windows and special handling. We utilize an asset-light strategy to minimize our investments in equipment and facilities and to reduce our capital expenditures. 
 
 Our services are classified into two reportable segments: Expedited Freight and Intermodal. 
 
 Our Expedited Freight segment provides expedited regional, inter-regional and national LTL services. Expedited Freight also offers customers local pick-up and delivery and other services including final mile, truckload, shipment consolidation and deconsolidation, warehousing, customs brokerage and other handling. We plan to grow our LTL and final mile geographic footprints through greenfield start-ups as well as through acquisitions. 
 
 Our Intermodal segment provides first- and last-mile high value intermodal container drayage services both to and from seaports and railheads. Intermodal also offers dedicated contract and CFS warehouse and handling services, and in select locations, linehaul and LTL services. We plan to grow our Intermodal geographic footprint through acquisitions as well as through greenfield start-ups where no suitable acquisition is available. 
 
 Our operations, particularly our network of hubs and terminals, represent substantial fixed costs. Consequently, our ability to increase our earnings depends in significant part on our ability to increase the amount of freight and the revenue per pound or shipment for the freight shipped or moved through our network. Additionally, our earnings depend on the growth of other services, such as LTL pickup and delivery, which will allow us to maintain revenue growth in a challenging freight environment. We continue to create synergies across our services, particularly with services offered in our Expedited Freight reportable segment. Synergistic opportunities include the ability to share resources, in particular our fleet resources. 
 
 We monitor and analyze a number of key operating statistics in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. These key operating statistics are defined below and are referred to throughout the discussion of the financial results of our Expedited Freight and Intermodal reportable segments. Our key operating statistics should not be interpreted as better measurements of our results than income from operations as determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Within our Expedited Freight reportable segment, our primary revenue focus is to increase density, which is shipment and tonnage growth within our existing LTL network. Increases in density allow us to maximize our asset utilization and labor productivity, which we measure over many different functional areas of our operations including linehaul load factor, pickup and delivery P D stops per hour, P D shipments per hour and door pounds handled per hour. In addition to our focus on density and operating efficiencies, it is critical for us to obtain an appropriate yield, which is measured as revenue per hundredweight, on the shipments we handle to offset our cost inflation and support our ongoing investments in capacity and technology. Revenue per hundredweight is also a commonly-used indicator for general pricing trends in the LTL industry and can be influenced by many other factors, such as changes in fuel surcharges, weight per shipment and length of haul. Therefore, changes in revenue per hundredweight may not necessarily indicate actual changes in underlying base rates. We regularly monitor the components of our pricing, including base freight rates, accessorial charges and fuel surcharges. The fuel surcharge is generally designed to offset fluctuations in the cost of the petroleum-based products used in our operations and is indexed to diesel fuel prices published by the U.S. Department of Energy. The impact of fuel on our results of operations depends on the relationship between the applicable surcharge, the fuel efficiency of our Company drivers, and the load factor achieved by our operation. Fluctuations in fuel prices in either direction could have a positive or negative impact on our margins, particularly in our LTL business where the weight of a shipment subject to the fuel surcharge on a given trailer can vary materially. We believe our yield management process focused on account level profitability, and ongoing improvements in operating efficiencies, are both key components of our ability to grow profitably. 
 
 29 

The key operating statistics necessary to understand the operating results of our Expedited Fright reportable segment are described below in more detail: 
 
 Tonnage - Total weight of shipments in pounds. The level of freight tonnage is affected by economic cycles and conditions, customers business cycles, changes in customers business practices and capacity in the truckload market. 
 
 Weight Per Shipment - Total pounds divided by the number of shipments. Fluctuations in weight per shipment can indicate changes in the mix of freight we receive from our customers, as well as changes in the number of units included in a shipment. Generally, increases in weight per shipment indicate higher demand and overall increased economic activity. Changes in weight per shipment can also be influenced by shifts between LTL and other modes of transportation, such as truckload, in response to capacity, service and pricing issues. Fluctuations in weight per shipment generally have an inverse effect on our revenue per hundredweight, as a decrease in weight per shipment will typically cause an increase in revenue per hundredweight. 
 
 Revenue Per Hundredweight - Network revenue per every 100 pounds of shipment weight. Our LTL transportation services are generally priced based on weight, commodity, and distance. Our pricing policies are reflective of the services we provide, and can be influenced by competitive market conditions. Changes in the freight profile factors such as average shipment size, average length of haul, freight density, and customer and geographic mix can impact the revenue per hundredweight. Fuel surcharges and intercompany revenue between Network and Truckload are included in this measurement. 
 
 Revenue Per Shipment - Network revenue divided by the number of shipments. Fuel surcharges and intercompany revenue between Network and Truckload are included in this measurement. 
 
 Average Length of Haul - Total miles between origin and destination service centers for all shipments, with miles based on the size of shipments. Length of haul is used to analyze our tonnage and pricing trends for shipments with similar characteristics. Changes in length of haul generally have a direct effect on our revenue per hundredweight, as an increase in length of haul will typically cause an increase in revenue per hundredweight. 
 
 Within our Intermodal reportable segment, our primary revenue focus is to increase the number of shipments. The key operating statistic necessary to understand the operating results of our Intermodal reportable segment is described below in more detail: 
 
 Drayage Revenue Per Shipment - Intermodal revenue divided by the number of drayage shipments. Revenue derived from container freight station warehouse and handling, and linehaul and LTL services is excluded from this measurement. Fuel surcharges and accessorial charges are included in this measurement. 

Trends and Developments 
 
 Intermodal Acquisitions 
 
 In February 2021, we acquired certain assets and liabilities of Proficient Transport Incorporated and Proficient Trucking, Inc. (together Proficient Transport for 16,339 and a potential earn-out up to 2,000. In 2022, the earn-out period ended and the Company paid 91 based on the terms of the purchase agreement. Proficient Transport is an intermodal drayage company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. The acquisition of Proficient Transport expands our intermodal footprint in Georgia, Illinois, North Carolina, and Texas, and introduces a new location in Ohio. The acquisition was funded using cash flows from operations. The results of Proficient Transport have been included in our consolidated financial statements as of and from the date of acquisition. 
 
 In November 2021, we acquired certain assets and liabilities of BarOle Trucking, Inc. BarOle for 35,436. BarOle is an intermodal drayage company headquartered in Roseville, Minnesota. The acquisition of BarOle provides additional capacity and resources to meet customer demands in the intermodal market, and extends the service footprint to the Minneapolis-Saint Paul, Minnesota area. In addition, BarOle has a larger terminal location, which allows for further expansion in the future. The acquisition was funded using cash flows from operations. The results of BarOle have been included in our consolidated financial statements as of and from the date of acquisition. 

30 

In May 2022, we acquired certain assets and liabilities of Edgmon Trucking, LLC Edgmon for 40,993 and a potential earn-out of up to 5,000, based on the achievement of certain profit contribution milestones over a nineteen month period, beginning May 31, 2022. Edgmon, headquartered in Kent, Washington, operates a terminal in Kent and a yard in Seattle, servicing both the Port of Seattle and the Port of Tacoma. The acquisition of Edgmon marks our first Intermodal location on the West Coast, a key area of expansion in the Intermodal strategic growth plan. The acquisition was funded using cash flows from operations. The results of Edgmon have been included in our consolidated financial statements as of and from the date of acquisition. 
 
 Expedited Freight Acquisition 
 
 In May 2021, we acquired certain assets and liabilities of J P Hall Express Delivery J P for 7,670. J P is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia with a second terminal in Albany, Georgia. The acquisition of J P supports our strategic growth plan by expanding pickup and delivery, less-than-truckload, truckload, less than container load, container freight station warehousing, and airport transfer services across the Southeastern United States. The acquisition was funded using cash flows from operations. The results of J P have been included in our consolidated financial statements as of and from the date of acquisition. 
 
 See Note 3, Acquisitions , to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our acquisitions. 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 Our business is highly susceptible to changes in economic conditions. Our products and services are directly tied to the production and sale of goods and, more generally, to the North American economy. The COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted economic activity and conditions worldwide and created significant volatility and disruption to the financial markets and supply chains worldwide. 
 
 Although our operations have returned to pre-COVID levels, should we experience another COVID-19-like virus outbreak in the future with similar restrictions, we would anticipate a similar impact on our business. 
 
 Fuel 
 
 We depend heavily upon the availability of adequate diesel fuel supplies, and recently, fuel availability and prices have fluctuated significantly. Fuel availability and prices can be impacted by factors beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, adverse weather conditions, political events, economic sanctions imposed against oil-producing countries or specific industry participants, disruptions or failure of technology or information systems, price and supply decisions by oil producing countries and cartels, terrorist activities, armed conflict, tariffs, sanctions, other changes to trade agreements and world supply and demand imbalance. Through our fuel surcharge programs, we have been able to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in fuel prices. Our fuel surcharge rates are set weekly based on the national average for fuel prices as published by the U.S. Department of Energy and our fuel surcharge table. In periods of changing fuel prices, our fuel surcharges vary by different degrees and may not fully offset fuel price fluctuations or may result in higher than expected increases in revenue. Fuel shortages, changes in fuel prices, and the potential volatility in fuel surcharge revenue may impact our results of operations and overall profitability. Fuel surcharge revenue as a percentage of operating revenues increased to 17.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 11.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of changes in fuel prices. 
 
 Economy 
 
 Participants in the transportation industry have historically experienced cyclical fluctuations in financial results due to economic recessions, downturns in the business cycles of customers, volatility in the prices charged by third-party carriers, interest rate fluctuations and other U.S. and global macroeconomic developments. During economic downturns, reductions in overall demand for transportation services will likely reduce demand for our services and exert downward pressures on our rates and margins. In periods of strong economic growth, overall demand may exceed the available supply of transportation resources. While this may present an opportunity to increase economies of scale in our network and enhanced pricing and margins, these benefits may be lessened by increased network congestion and operating inefficiencies. 

31 

Like other providers of freight transportation services, our business has been impacted by the macroeconomic conditions of the past year. Industry freight volumes as measured by the Cass Freight Index were flat in 2022 compared to the prior year. As global demand slowed, the peak shipping season that generally drives higher volumes in the second half of the year was atypically soft. Shippers in the United States continue to struggle with elevated inventory levels as consumer demand has been negatively impacted by inflation and macroeconomic uncertainty. In response to this slowing demand, steamship lines continue to rationalize services by reducing capacity where possible, which has allowed port congestion to ease. The slowdown of consumer demand has also had a significant impact on the air freight market. Air freight volumes have significantly declined, also as a consequence of higher inventory levels and declining consumer demand. These trends, in combination with elevated volume growth in our network in the first half of 2022, drove a decline in the volume of freight shipped by our customers in the second half of 2022. These trends have continued through the early months of 2023. 
 32 

Results from Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated financial data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Percent Change Operating revenue: Expedited Freight 1,553,890 1,374,270 179,620 13.1 Intermodal 419,718 289,214 130,504 45.1 Eliminations and other operations (205) (1,057) 852 80.6 Operating revenue 1,973,403 1,662,427 310,976 18.7 Operating expenses: Purchased transportation 906,549 833,075 73,474 8.8 Salaries, wages, and employee benefits 347,970 327,814 20,156 6.1 Operating leases 97,094 79,633 17,461 21.9 Depreciation and amortization 47,386 39,552 7,834 19.8 Insurance and claims 49,759 42,186 7,573 18.0 Fuel expense 27,583 17,027 10,556 62.0 Other operating expenses 231,086 163,839 67,247 41.0 Total operating expenses 1,707,427 1,503,126 204,301 13.6 Income (loss) from continuing operations: Expedited Freight 210,968 139,321 71,647 51.4 Intermodal 56,874 30,117 26,757 88.8 Other operations (1,866) (10,137) 8,271 81.6 Income from continuing operations 265,976 159,301 106,675 67.0 Other expense: Interest expense, net (5,138) (4,338) (800) (18.4) Other, net Total other expense (5,138) (4,338) (800) 18.4 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 260,838 154,963 105,875 68.3 Income tax expense 67,647 38,872 28,775 74.0 Net income from continuing operations 193,191 116,091 77,100 66.4 Loss from discontinued operation, net of tax (10,232) 10,232 (100.0) Net income and comprehensive income 193,191 105,859 87,332 82.5 

33 

Operating Revenues 
 
 Operating revenues increased 310,976, or 18.7 to 1,973,403 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1,662,427 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The revenue increase was primarily driven by increased revenue from our Expedited Freight segment of 179,620 due to increased Network and Final Mile revenue, and from our Intermodal segment of 130,504 driven by increased drayage and accessorial revenues. The results for our two reportable segments are discussed in detail in the following sections. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses increased 204,301, or 13.6 , to 1,707,427 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1,503,126 for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in purchased transportation of 73,474, other operating expenses of 67,247, salaries, wages and employee benefits of 20,156, and operating leases of 17,461. Purchased transportation expense includes our Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers and capacity secured by transportation intermediaries, while expenses for Company-employed drivers are included in salaries, wages and employee benefits. Purchased transportation expense increased due to higher rates for Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers, and transportation intermediaries. Other operating expenses increased due to contract labor, professional fees, software license fees, recruiting costs, travel and entertainment expenses and accessorial storage costs incurred in support of the increased accessorial revenues. Salaries, wages and employee benefits increased primarily due to the additional employees hired in 2022, higher salaries and wages, and an increase in the reserve for incentive compensation. Operating leases increased primarily due to higher facility and equipment lease expense. 
 
 Income from Continuing Operations and Segment Operations 
 
 Income from continuing operations increased 106,675, or 67.0 , to 265,976 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 159,301 for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in income from continuing operations in our Expedited Freight segment and Intermodal segment of 71,647 and 26,757, respectively. 
 
 Interest Expense, net 
 
 Interest expense, net was 5,138 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4,338 for the same period in 2021. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to a higher weighted-average interest rate during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted-average interest rate on the outstanding borrowings under our credit facility were 2.77 and 1.43 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Income Taxes on a Continuing Basis 
 
 The effective tax rate on a continuing basis for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 25.9 , compared to a rate of 25.1 for the same period in 2021. The higher effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to an increase in the non-deductible compensation in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Loss from Discontinued Operation, net of tax 
 
 There was no loss from discontinued operation, net of tax for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a loss from discontinued operation, net of tax of 10,232 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Loss from discontinued operation includes our Pool business, which, as discussed above, was sold on February 12, 2021. 
 
 Net Income 
 
 As a result of the foregoing factors, net income increased by 87,332, or 82.5 , to 193,191 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 105,859 for the same period in 2021. 
 34 

Expedited Freight - Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table sets forth our financial data of the Expedited Freight segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (unaudited and in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Percent of Revenue December 31, 2021 Percent of Revenue Change Percent Change Operating revenue: Network 1 
 947,817 61.1 805,015 58.6 142,802 17.7 Truckload 221,979 14.3 223,026 16.2 (1,047) (0.5) Final Mile 293,769 18.9 275,201 20.0 18,568 6.7 Other 90,325 5.8 71,028 5.2 19,297 27.2 Total operating revenue 1,553,890 100.0 1,374,270 100.0 179,620 13.1 Operating expenses: Purchased transportation 801,131 51.7 743,418 54.1 57,713 7.8 Salaries, wages and employee benefits 279,087 18.0 261,405 19.0 17,682 6.8 Operating leases 65,143 4.2 57,309 4.2 7,834 13.7 Depreciation and amortization 31,892 2.1 28,842 2.1 3,050 10.6 Insurance and claims 36,205 2.3 32,243 2.3 3,962 12.3 Fuel expense 11,589 0.7 8,752 0.6 2,837 32.4 Other operating expenses 117,875 7.6 102,980 7.5 14,895 14.5 Total operating expenses 1,342,922 86.4 1,234,949 89.9 107,973 8.7 Income from operations 210,968 13.6 139,321 10.1 71,647 51.4 1 Network revenue is comprised of all revenue, including linehaul, pickup and/or delivery, and fuel surcharge revenue, excluding accessorial, Truckload and Final Mile revenue. 

35 

Expedited Freight Operating Statistics Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Percent Change Business days 255 254 0.4 Tonnage 1,2 
 Total pounds 2,793,756 2,812,071 (0.7) Pounds per day 10,956 11,071 (1.0) Shipments 1,2 
 Total shipments 3,654 3,856 (5.2) Shipments per day 14.3 15.2 (5.9) Weight per shipment 764 729 4.8 Revenue per hundredweight 3 
 34.23 28.96 18.2 Revenue per hundredweight, ex fuel 3 
 25.98 24.06 8.0 Revenue per shipment 3 
 261.68 211.19 23.9 Revenue per shipment, ex fuel 3 
 198.62 175.48 13.2 1 In thousands 
 2 Excludes accessorial, Truckload and Final Mile products 
 3 Includes intercompany revenue between the Network and Truckload revenue streams 
 
 36 

Operating Revenues 
 Expedited Freight operating revenue increased 179,620, or 13.1 , to 1,553,890 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,374,270 for the same period in 2021. The increase was driven by increased Network and Final Mile revenue. Network revenue increased due to an 8.0 increase revenue per hundredweight, partially offset by a 0.7 decrease in tonnage as compared to the prior year. Revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel increased to 25.98 in 2022 as compared to 24.06 in 2021. The increase in the revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel was driven by the execution of our revenue growth strategies, measured pricing initiatives, including our general rate increase, and strong demand for our services in the first half of 2022 . The slight decrease in tonnage reflects an increase in weight per shipment of 4.8 on 5.2 fewer number of shipments. The increase in the weight per shipment was the result of more dense freight in our network primarily driven by our freight rationalization actions in the second half of 2021 to capture higher quality freight. Network fuel surcharge revenue increased 92,744, or 67.3 , as a result of the rise in the average price of fuel. Final Mile revenue increased 18,568 primarily due to strong demand for our services and new market expansions , while Truckload decreased 1,047 due to softening in the spot market in the second half of 2022. Other revenue, which includes warehousing and terminal handling, increased 19,297 due to targeted pricing initiatives, partially offset by the fewer number of shipments. 
 
 Purchased Transportation 
 
 Expedited Freight purchased transportation expense increased by 57,713, or 7.8 , to 801,131 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 743,418 for the same period in 2021. As a percentage of segment operating revenue, Expedited Freight purchased transportation was 51.7 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 54.1 for the same period in 2021.Expedited Freight purchased transportation includes Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers and transportation intermediaries, while expenses for Company-employed drivers are included in salaries, wages and employee benefits. The increase in purchased transportation expense was primarily due to higher rates for purchased miles in 2022 from Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers, and transportation intermediaries, partially offset by the change in the mix of freight capacity purchased from Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers, and transportation intermediaries for Network and Truckload. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 67.2 , 29.3 and 3.4 of o ur freight capacity was purchased from Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers, transportation intermediaries and Company-employed drivers, respectively for Network and Truckload. This compares to 62.3 , 34.0 and 3.7 in the sam e period in 2021. 
 
 Salaries, Wages, and Employee Benefits 
 
 Expedited Freight salaries, wages and employee benefits increased by 17,682, or 6.8 , to 279,087 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 261,405 for the same period in 2021. Salaries, wages and employee benefits were 18.0 of Expedited Freight operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 19.0 for the same period in 2021. The increase in salaries, wages and employee benefits expense was primarily due to the additional employees hired in response to the increased volumes in the first half of 2022, higher salaries and wages, and an increase in the reserve for incentive compensation as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Operating Leases 
 
 Expedited Freight operating leases increased 7,834, or 13.7 , to 65,143 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 57,309 for the same period in 2021. Operating leases were 4.2 of Expedited Freight operating revenue for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in operating lease expense was primarily due to higher facility expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Expedited Freight depreciation and amortization increased 3,050, or 10.6 , to 31,892 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 28,842 for the same period in 2021. Depreciation and amortization expense as a percentage of Expedited Freight operating revenue was 2.1 for both the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to an increase in equipment depreciation for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Insurance and Claims 
 Expedited Freight insurance and claims expense increased 3,962, or 12.3 , to 36,205 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 32,243 for the same period in 2021. Insurance and claims as a percentage of Expedited Freight operating revenue was 2.3 for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in insurance and claims expense was primarily due to an increase in insurance premiums, vehicle liability claims and equipment repairs, partially offset by a decrease in cargo claims for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. See additional discussion over the consolidated change in self-insurance reserves in the Other Operations section below. 
 37 

Fuel Expense 
 Expedited Freight fuel expense increased 2,837, or 32.4 , to 11,589 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 8,752 for the same period in 2021. Fuel expense was 0.7 of Expedited Freight operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.6 for the same period in 2021. Expedited Freight fuel expense increased primarily due to the rise in the average price of fuel during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Expedited Freight other operating expenses increased 14,895, or 14.5 , to 117,875 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 102,980 for the same period in 2021. Other operating expenses were 7.6 of Expedited Freight operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 7.5 for the same period in 2021. Other operating expenses include equipment maintenance, facility expenses, legal and professional fees, and other over-the-road costs. The increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to an increase in contract labor, professional fees, software license fees, recruiting costs, and travel and entertainment expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 . 
 
 Income from Operations 
 Expedited Freight income from operations increased by 71,647, or 51.4 , to 210,968 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 139,321 for the same period in 2021. Expedited Freight income from operations was 13.6 of operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 10.1 for the same period in 2021. The increase in income from operations as a percentage of operating revenue was driven by increased revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel combined with higher fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by higher rates for purchased miles in 2022 from Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers, and transportation intermediaries for Network and Truckload. 

38 

Intermodal - Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table sets forth our financial data of the Intermodal segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (unaudited and in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Percent of Revenue December 31, 2021 Percent of Revenue Change Percent Change Operating revenue 419,718 100.0 289,214 100.0 130,504 45.1 Operating expenses: Purchased transportation 105,656 25.1 90,575 31.3 15,081 16.7 Salaries, wages and employee benefits 73,406 17.5 65,599 22.7 7,807 11.9 Operating leases 31,950 7.6 22,218 7.7 9,732 43.8 Depreciation and amortization 15,393 3.7 10,647 3.7 4,746 44.6 Insurance and claims 9,087 2.2 9,850 3.4 (763) (7.7) Fuel expense 15,993 3.8 8,275 2.9 7,718 93.3 Other operating expenses 111,359 26.5 51,933 18.0 59,426 114.4 Total operating expenses 362,844 86.4 259,097 89.6 103,747 40.0 Income from operations 56,874 13.6 30,117 10.4 26,757 88.8 
 
 Intermodal Operating Statistics Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Percent Change Drayage shipments 347,066 369,601 (6.1) Drayage revenue per shipment 1,064 667 59.5 
 39 

Operating Revenues 
 
 Intermodal operating revenue increased 130,504, or 45.1 , to 419,718 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 289,214 for the same period in 2021. The increase in operating revenues was primarily attributable to a 59.5 increase in drayage revenue per shipment over the same period in 2021 and an increase in accessorial revenues, partially offset by a 6.1 decrease in drayage shipments as compared to the prior year. The increase in drayage revenue per shipment was driven by execution of our revenue growth strategies, measured pricing initiatives, and the contribution from the BarOle acquisition in November 2021 and the Edgmon acquisition in May 2022. Our accessorial revenue was elevated in 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 in support of our customers and continued strong demand for our services. Fuel surcharge revenue increased 26,335 or 97.1 , as a result of the rise in the average price of fuel. 
 
 Purchased Transportation 
 
 Intermodal purchased transportation increased 15,081, or 16.7 , to 105,656 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 90,575 for the same period in 2021. As a percentage of segment operating revenue, Intermodal purchased transportation was 25.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 31.3 for the same period in 2021. Intermodal purchased transportation includes Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers, and transportation intermediaries, while expenses for Company-employed drivers are included in salaries, wages and employee benefits. The increase in purchased transportation expense was primarily due to higher rates in 2022 for Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers, and transportation intermediaries, partially offset by the change in the mix of freight capacity purchased from Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers, transportation intermediaries and Company-employed drivers. 
 
 Salaries, Wages, and Employee Benefits 
 
 Intermodal salaries, wages and employee benefits increased 7,807, or 11.9 , to 73,406 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 65,599 for the same period in 2021. Salaries, wages and employee benefits were 17.5 of Intermodal operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 22.7 for the same period in 2021. The increase in salaries, wages and employee benefits expense was primarily due to additional employees hired in connection with the BarOle and Edgmon acquisitions, higher salaries and wages, and an increase in the reserve for incentive compensation as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Operating Leases 
 
 Intermodal operating leases increased 9,732, or 43.8 , to 31,950 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 22,218 for the same period in 2021. Operating leases were 7.6 of Intermodal operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.7 in the same period in 2021. The increase in operating leases expense was due to higher facility and equipment lease expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Intermodal depreciation and amortization increased 4,746, or 44.6 , to 15,393 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 10,647 for the same period in 2021. Depreciation and amortization expense as a percentage of Intermodal operating revenue was 3.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.7 for the same period in 2021. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to the equipment and intangible assets acquired in connection with the BarOle and Edgmon acquisitions for year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Insurance and Claims 
 
 Intermodal insurance and claims expense decreased 763, or 7.7 , to 9,087 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 9,850 for the same period in 2021. Insurance and claims were 2.2 of Intermodal operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.4 for the same period in 2021. The decrease in insurance and claims expense was primarily due to the decrease in insurance premiums for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. See additional discussion over the consolidated change in self-insurance reserves in the Other Operations section below. 
 
 Fuel Expense 
 
 Intermodal fuel expense increased 7,718, or 93.3 , to 15,993 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 8,275 for the same period in 2021. Fuel expense was 3.8 of Intermodal operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.9 for the same period in 2021. Intermodal fuel expense increased due to the additional Company-employed drivers and the rise in the average price of fuel during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 40 

Other Operating Expenses 
 
 Intermodal other operating expenses increased 59,426, or 114.4 , to 111,359 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 51,933 for the same period in 2021. Other operating expenses as a percentage of Intermodal revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 26.5 , compared to 18.0 for the same period in 2021. Other operating expense include equipment maintenance, facility expenses, legal and professional fees, and accessorial storage costs. The increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to contract labor and accessorial storage costs incurred in support of the increased accessorial revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Income from Operations 
 
 Intermodal income from operations increased by 26,757, or 88.8 , to 56,874 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 30,117 for the same period in 2021. Income from operations as a percentage of Intermodal operating revenue was 13.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 10.4 in the same period in 2021. The increase in income from operations as a percentage of operating revenue was primarily due to increased drayage revenue per shipment and accessorial revenues, partially offset by higher rates in 2022 for Leased Capacity Providers, third-party motor carriers, and transportation intermediaries. 
 41 

Other operations - Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Other operating activity included a 1,866 operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a 10,137 operating loss for the same period in 2021. The change in the operating loss was primarily due to a decrease in the reserves for group health insurance claims and professional fees, offset by an increase in self-insurance reserves for vehicle liability claims, a legal reserve, and a reserve for an incentive program established for certain employees in 2021. The increase in the self-insurance reserves for vehicle liability claims was due to the unfavorable loss development factor of historical claims. Professional fees related to cybersecurity and shareholder engagement activities in the amount of 6,955 were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. Similar professional fees were not incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Our estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and changes in the business environment. However, actual results may differ from estimates under different conditions, sometimes materially. The significant accounting policies followed in the preparation of the financial statements are detailed in Note 1 of our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are defined as those that are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and require management s most subjective judgments. We believe that our application of the policies discussed below involves significant levels of judgment, estimates and complexity. Due to the levels of judgment, complexity and period of time over which many of these items are resolved, actual results could differ from those estimated at the time of preparation of the financial statements. Adjustments to these estimates would impact our financial position and future results of operations. 
 
 Self-Insurance Loss Reserves 
 
 We provide for the estimated costs of self-insurance loss reserves, which includes vehicle liability, and workers compensation claims; for both reported and for claims incurred but not reported. The amount of self-insurance loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses is determined based on an estimation process that requires us to make significant judgments and use information obtained from both our specific and industry data, as well as general economic information. We estimate our self-insurance loss exposure by evaluating the merits and circumstances surrounding individual known claims and through actuarial analysis to determine an estimate of probable losses on claims incurred but not reported. If the events underlying the claims have occurred as of the balance sheet date, then losses are recognized immediately. Historically, we have experienced both favorable and unfavorable development of claim estimates. 
 
 The estimation process for self-insurance loss exposure requires management to make significant judgments and continuously monitor and evaluate the life cycle of claims. Using data obtained from this monitoring and our assumptions about the emerging trends, management develops an estimate of ultimate claims based on its historical experience and other available market information. The most significant assumptions used in the estimation process include determining the trend in loss costs, the expected consistency in the frequency and severity of claims incurred but not yet reported, changes in the timing of the reporting of losses from the loss date to the notification date, and expected costs to settle unpaid claims. We utilize quarterly actuarial analyses to evaluate open claims and estimate the ongoing development exposure. The actual cost to settle our self-funded claim liabilities can differ from our reserve estimates because of a number of uncertainties, including the inherent difficulty in estimating the severity of a claim and the potential amount to defend and settle a claim. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded self-insurance loss reserves of 68,654 and 65,649, respectively, inclusive of reserves in excess of the self-insured retention limit that are expected to be reimbursed from insurance carriers. Additionally, we recognized a receivable for insurance proceeds and a corresponding claims payable for vehicle liability and workers compensation claims in excess of the self-insured retention limit in the amount of 29,087 and 28,667 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

42 

Business Combinations and Goodwill 
 
 Acquisitions are accounted for using the purchase method. Upon the acquisition of a business, the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are estimated. This requires judgments regarding the identification of acquired assets and liabilities assumed, some of which may not have been previously recorded by the acquired business, as well as judgments regarding the valuation of all identified acquired assets and assumed liabilities. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are determined by understanding the operations, interviewing management and reviewing the financial and contractual information of the acquired business. Consideration is typically paid in the form of cash paid at closing while contingent consideration is paid upon the satisfaction of a future obligation. If contingent consideration is included in the purchase price, then the consideration is valued as of the acquisition date. 
 
 Once the acquired assets and assumed liabilities are identified, the fair value of the assets and liabilities are estimated using a variety of approaches that require significant judgments. For example, intangible assets are typically valued using a discounted cash flow DCF analysis, which requires estimates of the future cash flows attributable to the intangible asset. A DCF analysis also requires judgments regarding the selection of discount rates to reflect the risks inherent in the projected cash flows, the determination of terminal growth rates, and the useful life and pattern of use of the underlying intangible asset. The valuation of acquired property, and equipment requires judgments about current market values, replacement costs, the physical and functional obsolescence of the assets and their remaining useful lives. A failure to appropriately assign a fair value to acquired assets and assumed liabilities could significantly impact the amount and timing of future depreciation and amortization expense, as well as significantly overstate or understate assets or liabilities. 
 
 Goodwill is recorded at cost based on the excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but rather evaluated annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate possible impairment, as of June 30 for impairment using a qualitative assessment or quantitative one-step assessment. Examples of such events or circumstance that could indicate a possible impairment may include a significant change in business climate or a loss of significant customers. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. 

43 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 For discussion of our Liquidity and Capital Resources for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part I, Item 7 of our annual report on form 10-K filed with SEC on March 1,2022. 
 
 We have historically financed our working capital needs, including capital expenditures, with available cash, cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit facility. We believe that borrowings under our credit facility, together with available cash and internally generated funds, will be sufficient to support our working capital, capital expenditures and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future. In 2022, we completed multiple business acquisitions. See Note 3, Acquisitions , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on this topic. We used cash from operations to finance these transactions and to provide any necessary liquidity for current and future operations. In addition, we frequently utilize operating leases to acquire revenue equipment. 
 
 To further support liquidity and cash reserves, in December 2021, we entered into a third amendment to our credit facility, which increased the amount available for borrowing to 450,000, consisting of a 300,000 revolving line of credit and a term loan of 150,000. The amendment establishes annual mandatory repayment of the principal amount of the term loan of: 1.0 per annum in 2022 and 2023; 2.5 per annum in 2024 and 2025; 5.0 per annum in 2026; with the remaining unpaid principal being due on July 20, 2026. As of December 31, 2022 , we were in compliance with our financial covenants contained in the credit facility and expect to maintain such compliance. In the event that we encounter difficulties, our historical relationships with our lenders has been strong and we anticipate their continued long-term support of our business. Refer to Note 4, Indebtedness, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our credit facility. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Cash Flows compared to December 31, 2021 Cash Flows 
 
 Continuing Operations 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations was 259,090 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 124,896 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations was primarily due to the increase in net income from continuing operations after consideration of non-cash items, and the change in accounts receivable. The accounts receivable balance changed due to the increase in operating revenues in 2022, partially offset by a higher amount of cash collected in 2022. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations was 104,462 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 96,332 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 40,729, which primarily related to the purchase of technology and operating equipment, and the investment in the expansion of our national hub in Columbus, Ohio. Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 39,109, which primarily related to the investment in the expansion of our national hub in Columbus, Ohio and the purchase of equipment. Investing activities of continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 included the acquisition of Edgmon for a preliminary purchase price of 40,433 and Chickasaw Container Services, Inc. for a preliminary purchase price of 25,733, while investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 included the acquisition of Proficient Transport for 16,339, J P for 7,669 and BarOle for 35,436. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations was 146,122 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 31,502 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in the net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations was primarily due to the net proceeds received from credit facility in 2021 and the payments made on the credit facility in 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net proceeds from the credit facility were 45,000 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 payments on the credit facility of 49,000 . In addition, the change in the net cash used in financing activities of operations was due to increased repurchases and retirement of common stock. 
 
 Discontinued Operation 
 
 Net cash used in discontinued operating activities was for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4,635 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in net cash used in operating activities of discontinued operation was primarily related to a decrease in net income of discontinued operation after consideration of non-cash items. The sale of Pool was completed on February 12, 2021. 
 
 44 

Net cash provided by discontinued investing activities was for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash used in discontinued investing activities was 8,020 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in net cash provided by discontinued investing activities was due to the proceeds received from the sale of the Pool business in 2021. The sale of Pool was completed on February 12, 2021. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities of discontinued operation was for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3,385 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in the net cash used in financing activities of discontinued operation was due to decreased contributions to the parent. The sale of Pool was completed on February 12, 2021. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we repurchased 600 and 535 shares of our common stock, respectively, for approximately 62,771 and 48,989, respectively, through open market transactions. All shares received were retired upon receipt, and the excess of the purchase price over par value per share was recorded to Retained Earnings in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

45 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Our exposure to market risk relates principally to changes in interest rates and fuel prices. Our interest expense is, in part, sensitive to the general level of interest rates. Borrowings outstanding under our credit facility was approximately 108,500 as of December 31, 2022 and bears i nterest at variable rates. A hypothetical increase in our credit facility borrowing rate of 150 basis points would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 2,157 and would have decreased our annual cash flow from operations by approximately 2,157. 
 
 Our finance lease obligations were 23,794 as of December 31, 2022. These finance lease obligations bear interest at a fixed rate. Accordingly, there is no exposure to market risk related to these obligations. 
 
 We are exposed to the effects of changes in the price and availability of fuel, as more fully discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors - under the title Volatility in fuel prices, shortages of fuel or the ineffectiveness of our fuel surcharge program could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and profitability . 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The response to this item is submitted as a separate section of this report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in this annual report on Form 10-K has been appropriately recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth by the Committee on Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 Framework ). Based on our assessment, we have concluded, as of December 31, 2022, that our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

46 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we implemented a new enterprise resource planning ERP system that replaced legacy systems in which our financial transactions were processed and recorded. The new ERP system is a significant component of our disclosure controls and procedures. As a result of this implementation, we modified certain existing internal controls over financial reporting and will continue to evaluate the operating effectiveness of related controls in subsequent periods. Except for the implementation of the new ERP system, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation described above that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 47 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Forward Air Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Forward Air Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Forward Air Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP Atlanta, GA March 1, 2023 
 
 48 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a)(1) and (2) List of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report. 
 
 (a)(3) List of Exhibits. 
 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report. 
 
 (b) Exhibits. 
 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report. 
 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report. 
 
 49 

EXHIBIT INDEX No. Exhibit 3.1 Restated Charter of the registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 28, 1999 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant 
 4.1 Form of Forward Air Corporation Common Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 1998 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 1998 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 4.2 Description of Capital Stock 
 10.1 Forward Air Corporation 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to the registrant's Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2005 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.2 Air Carrier Certificate, effective August 28, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2004 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.3 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2018 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.4 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the registrant's Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2011 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.5 Forward Air Corporation Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as further amended and restated on February 7, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2013 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.6 First Amendment to the Forward Air Corporation Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2016 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.7 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the registrant s Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2016 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.8 Form of CEO Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the registrant s Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2016 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.9 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the registrant s Amended and Restated Non- Employee Director Stock Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2016 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.10 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Agreement under the registrant s Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2016 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.11 Form of Employee Restricted Share Agreement under the registrant s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2016)) 
 10.12 Form of CEO Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the registrant s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2017) 
 10.13 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the registrant s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2017) 
 10.14 Form of Performance Share Agreement under the registrant s 2016 Omnibus Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2017) 
 10.15 Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Shares under the registrant s 2016 Omnibus Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2017) 
 10.16 Forward Air Corporation 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2017 (File No. 0-22490)) 

10.17 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2017 (File No. 02-22490)) 
 10.18 Credit Agreement dated September 29, 2017 among Forward Air Corporation and Forward Air, Inc., as the borrowers, the subsidiaries of the borrowers identified therein as the guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2017) 
 10.18A First Amendment dated April 16, 2020 to Credit Agreement dated September 29, 2017 by and among Forward Air Corporation and Forward Air, Inc., as borrowers, certain subsidiaries of the borrowers as guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and lender, U.S. Bank National Association, as lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1, 2020) 
 10.18B Second Amendment dated July 20, 2021 to Credit Agreement dated September 29, 2017 by and among Forward Air Corporation and Forward Air, Inc., as borrowers, certain subsidiaries of the borrowers as guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and lender, U.S. Bank National Association, as lender and the other lenders part thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2021) 
 10.18C Third Amendment, dated December 29, 2021, to the Credit Agreement dated September 29, 2017 by and among Forward Air Corporation and Forward Air, Inc., as borrowers, certain subsidiaries of the borrowers as guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and lender, U.S. Bank National Association, as lender and the other lenders part thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2022) 
 10.19 Form of CEO Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the registrant s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018) 
 10.20 Form of CEO Performance Share Agreement under the registrant s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018) 
 10.21 Form of CEO Restricted Stock Agreement under the registrant s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018) 
 10.22 Employment Agreement, dated June 6, 2018, between Forward Air Corporation and Thomas Schmitt (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 12, 2018) 
 10.23 Restrictive Covenants Agreement, dated June 6, 2018, between Forward Air Corporation and Thomas Schmitt (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 12, 2018) 
 10.24 Waiver and Acknowledgment, dated June 11, 2018 between Forward Air Corporation and Bruce Campbell (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 12, 2018) 
 10.25 Consulting Agreement effective May 7, 2019, between Forward Air Corporation and Bruce A. Campbell (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 25, 2019) 
 10.26 Form of Performance Share Agreement (Total Shareholder Return) under the registrant's 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 25, 2019) 
 10.27 Form of Performance Share Agreement (EBITDA per Share) under the registrant's 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 25, 2019) 
 10.28 Scott E. Schara Offer Letter, dated as of July 23, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2020) 
 10.29 Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement effective July 28, 2020, between Forward Air Corporation and Matthew J. Jewell (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2020) 
 10.3 Advisory Agreement effective April 5, 2021, between Forward Air Corporation and Michael J. Morris (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 4, 2021) 
 10.31 Amendment No. 1 dated October 29, 2021 to Advisory Agreement, dated October 29, 2021, between Forward Air Corporation and Michael J. Morris (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021) 

10.32 Rebecca J. Garbrick Offer Letter dated as of June 21, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 25, 2021 (File No. 0-22490)) 
 10.33 Form of CEO Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the registrant's 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 202 2 
 10.34 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the registrant's 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 6 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 202 2 
 10.35 Form of Performance Share Agreement (Total Shareholder Return) under the registrant's 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 7 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 202 2 
 10.36 Forward Air Corporation Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan Amended and Restated, effective as of October 25, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 8 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 202 2 
 10.37 Separation and General Release Agreement between Scott E. Schara and Forward Air Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 09, 2022) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)) 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Forward Air Corporation Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Rebecca J. Garbrick Rebecca J. Garbrick Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Thomas Schmitt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2023 Thomas Schmitt (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Rebecca J. Garbrick Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 1, 2023 Rebecca J. Garbrick (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ R. Craig Carlock Lead Director March 1, 2023 R. Craig Carlock /s/ Ronald W. Allen Director March 1, 2023 Ronald W. Allen /s/ Ana B. Amicarella Director March 1, 2023 Ana B. Amicarella /s/ Valerie A. Bonebrake Director March 1, 2023 Valerie A. Bonebrake /s/ C. Robert Campbell Director March 1, 2023 C. Robert Campbell /s/ George Mayes Director March 1, 2023 George Mayes /s/ G. Michael Lynch Director March 1, 2023 G. Michael Lynch /s/ Laurie A. Tucker Director March 1, 2023 Laurie A. Tucker /s/ Chitra Nayak Director March 1, 2023 Chitra Nayak /s/ Scott Niswonger Director March 1, 2023 Scott Niswonger /s/ Javier Polit Director March 1, 2023 Javier Polit /s/ Richard Roberts Director March 1, 2023 Richard Roberts 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 Item 8, Item 15(a)(1) and (2), (a)(3), (b) and (c) 
 
 List of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Certain Exhibits 
 
 Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Forward Air Corporation 
 
 Greeneville, Tennessee 
 
 F-1 

Forward Air Corporation 
 
 Form 10-K Item 8 and Item 15(a)(1) and (2) 
 
 Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 The following consolidated financial statements of Forward Air Corporation are included as a separate section of this report: 
 
 Page No. Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 
 F- 9 

The following financial statement schedule of Forward Air Corporation is included as a separate section of this report. 
 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 S- 1 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted. 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Forward Air Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Forward Air Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 F-3 

Self-Insurance Loss Reserves Description of the Matter The liability for self-insurance loss reserves totaled 68.7 million at December 31, 2022 which includes self-insurance reserves for vehicle liability claims. The long-term portion of this liability was included in Other long-term liabilities, and the remainder was included in Insurance and claims accruals on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. As more fully described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the self-insurance reserves include estimates for both known claims and future claims development and are based on company-specific and industry data, as well as general economic information. Auditing the Company s self-insurance reserves for vehicle liability claims was complex, highly subjective and required significant judgment due to the actuarial techniques and significant assumptions used. The Company utilizes actuarial analyses to evaluate open claims and estimate the ongoing development exposure. The most significant assumptions used in the estimation process include determining the trend in loss costs, the expected consistency in the frequency and severity of claims incurred but not yet reported, changes in the timing of the reporting of losses from the loss date to the notification date, and the expected costs to settle unpaid claims. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We tested internal controls over management s review of the completeness and accuracy of data inputs used in the actuarial analysis and review of the actuarial assumptions and reserve calculations. To test the self-insurance loss reserves for vehicle liability claims, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodologies used and the significant actuarial assumptions discussed above, as well as performing substantive procedures over underlying data and calculations used in the analyses. We tested claims data by agreeing the data to supporting source documentation and payment information. We evaluated whether changes to the reserves for known claims were being recognized timely based on the underlying available data and current estimates. We involved actuarial specialists to assist in our evaluation of the actuarial methodologies used as well as to independently calculate a range of reserve estimates for comparison to the recorded reserves. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1991 

March 1, 2023 
 F-4 

Forward Air Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Other receivables, less allowance of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other acquired intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Other current liabilities Current portion of debt and finance lease obligations Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Finance lease obligations, less current portion Long-term debt, less current portion and debt issuance costs Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Other long-term liabilities Deferred income taxes Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: Authorized shares - ; shares issued or outstanding in 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value: Authorized shares - ; issued and outstanding shares - in 2022 and in 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

Forward Air Corporation Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (In thousands, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Operating revenue Operating expenses: Purchased transportation Salaries, wages and employee benefits Operating leases Depreciation and amortization Insurance and claims Fuel expense Other operating expenses Total operating expenses Income from continuing operations Other expense: Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other, net ) Total other expense ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income from continuing operations (Loss) income from discontinued operation, net of tax ) ) Net income and comprehensive income Basic net income per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operation ) ) Net income per basic share 1 
 Diluted net income per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operation ) ) Net income per diluted share Dividends per share: 
 1 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Forward Air Corporation Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (In thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 Net income Stock options exercised Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation expense Payment of dividends to shareholders ) ) Payment of minimum tax withholdings on share-based awards ) ) ) Repurchases and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of share-based awards ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income Stock options exercised Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation expense Payment of dividends to shareholders ) ) Payment of minimum tax withholdings on share-based awards ) ) ) Repurchases and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of share-based awards ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Net income Stock options exercised Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation expense Payment of dividends to shareholders ) ) Payment of minimum tax withholdings on share-based awards ) ) ) Repurchases and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of share-based awards ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Forward Air Corporation Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Operating activities: Net income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income of continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations: Depreciation and amortization Change in fair value of earn-out liability ) ) Share-based compensation expense Provision for revenue adjustments Deferred income tax expense Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from the purchase of acquired companies: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Other receivables ) Other current and noncurrent assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations ) ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from credit facility Payments on credit facility ) ) ) Repayments of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon stock option exercises Payment of earn-out liability ) ) ) Payments of dividends to shareholders ) ) ) Repurchases and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Payment of minimum tax withholdings on share-based awards ) ) ) Contributions from subsidiary held for sale ) Net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations ) ) Cash from discontinued operation: Net cash used in operating activities of discontinued operation ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities of discontinued operation ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities of discontinued operation ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period of continuing operations Cash at beginning of period of discontinued operation Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Less: cash at end of period of discontinued operation Cash and cash equivalents at end of period of continuing operations 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 
 F-8 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

1. 
 
 reportable segments: Expedited Freight and Intermodal. The Company conducts business in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. 
 
 The Expedited Freight segment provides expedited regional, inter-regional and national less-than-truckload LTL ), truckload and final mile services. Expedited Freight also offers customers local pick-up and delivery and other services including shipment consolidation and deconsolidation, warehousing, customs brokerage and other handling services. 

Use of Estimates 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively, consisted of cash on hand and bank deposits. Cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively, consisted of money market deposits. 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts and Revenue Adjustments 
 
 F-9 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 on average revenue per month of approximately of monthly revenue). The Company estimates an allowance for revenue adjustments based on historical experience, trends and current information. The average amount of revenue adjustments per month can vary in relation to the level of revenue or as a result of other factors. Both the average monthly revenue adjustments and the average lag assumptions are continually evaluated for appropriateness. 
 
 Inventories 

Property and Equipment 
 
 to years for building and improvements, three to for equipment, the lesser of the estimated useful life or the initial lease term for leasehold improvements and for computer software. Land is not depreciated and construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

Buildings and improvements Equipment Leasehold improvements Computer software Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Total property and equipment, net 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net book value of computer software included in property and equipment, net was and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amortization expense of computer software was , and , respectively. 
 
 Cloud Computing Costs 
 
 Capitalized software costs are amortized over the straight-line method over three to and are recorded in Prepaid expenses and "Other assets" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

F-10 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

The results of the Company s goodwill impairment analyses conducted as of June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 indicated that reduction in the carrying amount of the Company s goodwill was required. 
 
 Acquisitions Balance as of December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Acquisition adjustment Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The Company s accumulated goodwill impairment is related to impairment charges the Company recorded during 2016 pertaining to its TLS reporting unit. The TLS reporting unit operates within the Expedited Freight reportable segment. As of December 31, 2022, approximately of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 F-11 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 to years. 
 
 years Non-compete agreements years Trade names years 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, acquired intangible asset amortization was , and , respectively. The Company estimates amortization of existing intangible assets will be in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, and in 2027. 
 
 Acquisitions Balance as of December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Acquisition adjustment ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Accumulated Amortization Customer Relationships 1 
 Non-Compete Agreements Trade Names Total Balance as of December 31, 2020 Amortization expense Balance as of December 31, 2021 Amortization expense Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 of accumulated impairment. 
 
 Accrued Expenses 

Insurance and claims accruals Payables to Leased Capacity Providers Accrued expenses 
 F-12 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

(in thousands): 
 
 Occurrence/Accident to 
 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 Truckload business Occurrence/Accident to 
 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 LTL, Truckload and Intermodal businesses Policy Term Aggregate to 
 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 Intermodal Occurrence/Accident to 
 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 
 Excluding the Final Mile business, which is primarily a brokered service. 
 For each and every accident/incident, the Company is responsible for damages and defense up to these amounts, regardless of the number of claims associated with any accident/incident. 

deductible per occurrence for most of its brokered services. Additionally, the Company maintains workers compensation insurance with a self-insured retention of per occurrence. 
 
 The Company provides for the estimated costs of vehicle liability and workers compensation claims both reported and for claims incurred but not reported. The amount of self-insurance loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses is determined based on an estimation process that uses information obtained from both Company-specific and industry data, as well as general economic information. The most significant assumptions used in the estimation process include determining the trend in loss costs, the expected consistency in the frequency and severity of claims incurred but not yet reported, changes in the timing of the reporting of losses from the loss date to the notification date, and expected costs to settle unpaid claims. The Company estimates its self-insurance loss exposure by evaluating the merits and circumstances surrounding individual known claims and through actuarial analysis to determine an estimate of probable losses on claims incurred but not reported. T he Company accrues for the costs of the uninsured portion of pending claims, based on the nature and severity of individual claims and historical claims development trends. Estimating the number and severity of claims, as well as related judgment or settlement amounts is inherently difficult. Failure to establish sufficient insurance reserves and adequately estimate for future insurance claims may cause unfavorable differences between actual self-insurance costs and the reserve estimates. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded self-insurance loss reserves of and , respectively, inclusive of reserves in excess of the self-insured retention limit that are expected to be reimbursed from insurance carriers. As of December 31, 2022, was recorded in Insurance and claims accruals and was recorded in Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, was recorded in Insurance and claims accruals and was recorded in Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

F-13 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 and , respectively, in Other assets and Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 

Leases 

F-14 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Income Taxes 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share 
 
 in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. Diluted net income (loss) per common share assumes the exercise of outstanding stock options and the vesting of performance share awards using the treasury stock method when the effects of such assumptions are dilutive. 
 
 F-15 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Net (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income from discontinued operation ) ) Net income attributable to Forward Air Income allocated to participating securities from continuing operations ) ) ) Loss allocated to participating securities from discontinued operation Income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Numerator for basic and diluted net income per share for continuing operations Numerator for basic and diluted net (loss) income per share for discontinued operation Denominator: Denominator for basic net income per share - weighted-average number of common shares outstanding Dilutive stock options and performance share awards Denominator for diluted net income per share - weighted-average number of common shares and common share equivalents outstanding Basic net income (loss) per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operation ) ) Net income per basic share 1 
 Diluted net income (loss) per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operation ) ) Net income per diluted share 

F-16 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Anti-dilutive performance shares Anti-dilutive restricted shares and deferred stock units Total anti-dilutive shares 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 vesting period. The fair value of the restricted shares is the quoted market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date, and the share-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. For certain performance shares, the fair value is the quoted market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date less the present value of the expected dividends not received during the relevant period. For these performance shares, the share-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period based on the projected assessment of the level of performance that will be achieved. The fair value of other performance shares that have a financial target of the Company s total shareholder return as compared to the total shareholder return of a selected peer group, is estimated on the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The share-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. All share-based compensation expense is recognized in salaries, wages and employee benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Refer to Note 6, Stock Incentive Plan , for further discussion. 
 
 Ransomware Incident 
 
 In December 2020, the Company detected a ransomware incident impacting its operational and information technology systems, which caused service delays for many of its customers Ransomware Incident ). Promptly upon its detection of the incident, the Company initiated response protocols, launched an investigation and engaged the services of cybersecurity and forensics professionals. The Company also engaged with the appropriate law enforcement authorities. The Company continued to cooperate with law enforcement in connection with the criminal investigation into those responsible for the Ransomware Incident. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, expenses related to the Ransomware Incident were and , respectively, which were recorded in Other operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Expenses include costs to investigate and remediate the Ransomware Incident and legal and other professional services related to the incident. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

F-17 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

2. 
 
 and in the third quarter of 2020, the Company concluded the estimated fair value, less costs to sell, exceeded the net carrying value and there were no indicators of impairment for the Pool reporting unit. 
 
 However, in response to the longer than expected macroeconomic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and status of negotiations to sell the Pool business, a strategic review of the business was completed in the fourth quarter of 2020 along with revised forecasts to include updated market conditions and strategic operating decisions. The revised forecasts indicated an impairment of the entire goodwill balance of the Pool reporting unit was necessary as of December 31, 2020. A non-cash charge of approximately was recorded as an Impairment charge in the summarized discontinued operation financial information for the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition, the Company recorded a valuation allowance against the net assets held for sale to write down the carrying value to the estimated fair value less costs to sell. A non-cash valuation allowance of approximately was recorded as an Impairment charge in the summarized discontinued operation financial information for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 The fair value was estimated based on a combination of an income approach using a discounted cash flow model, and a market approach, which considers comparable companies. Estimates of future cash flows are based on various factors, including current operating results, expected market trends and competitive influences. Refer to Note 1, Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further discussion about the estimation of fair value. 
 
 Sale of Pool 
 
 On February 12, 2021, the Company completed the sale of the Pool business for in cash and up to a earn-out based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. The sale agreement for Pool included an earn-out based on the achievement of certain earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization attainment over an period, beginning February 1, 2021. The estimated fair value of the earn-out asset on the date of sale was . The fair value was based on the estimated period of the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 
 F-18 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization discount rate Asset volatility 
 
 Subsequent to the date of sale, the Company recognized any increases in the carrying value of the earn-out asset when the change was realized and evaluated the earn-out asset for impairment at each reporting period. The financial performance of the Pool business significantly deteriorated during the third quarter of 2021. As a result, an evaluation of the earn-out asset for impairment was completed, which included a review of revised forecasts, updated strategic operating decisions and current market conditions. The revised forecasts indicated an impairment of the entire earn-out asset was necessary. A non-cash charge of was recorded as an Impairment charge in the summarized discontinued operation financial information for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Transition Services Agreement 
 
 On February 12, 2021, the Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement TSA with TOG FAS Holdings LLC, the buyer of the Pool business. Under the TSA, the Company performed certain services on an interim basis in order to facilitate the orderly transition of the Pool business. The effective date of the TSA was February 12, 2021 and remained in effect until the date all services were completed, but no more than following the effective date. The TSA provided the right to extend the term of the TSA with no limit on the number of the mutually agreed upon extensions. In exchange for the services performed by the Company under the TSA, the Company received a monthly service charge. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized , in Other operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, for the services performed under the TSA. The TSA ended in October 2021 when all services were completed. 
 
 Additionally, under the TSA, the Company remitted payments to outside vendors on behalf of TOG FAS Holdings LLC for expenses incurred by the Pool business up to a limit of . The Company is reimbursed by TOG FAS Holdings LLC within days from the end of the month in which the payment is remitted. As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a receivable in the amount o f in Other receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the reimbursement due to the Company. The Company evaluated the collectability of the receivable at least quarterly and if the Company was aware of the inability of TOG FAS Holdings LLC to meet its financial obligations to the Company, the Company recorded a specific reserve in order to reduce the receivable to the amount the Company reasonably believes will be collected. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding receivable balance was collected in full. 
 
 F-19 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Operating expenses: Purchased transportation Salaries, wages and employee benefits Operating leases Depreciation and amortization Insurance and claims Fuel expense Other operating expenses Impairment charge Total operating expenses Loss from discontinued operation ) ) Loss on sale of business ) Loss from discontinued operation before income taxes ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Loss from discontinued operation, net of tax ) ) 

3. 
 
 . J P is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia with a second terminal in Albany, Georgia. The acquisition of J P supports the Company s strategic growth plan by expanding pickup and delivery, less-than-truckload, truckload, less than container load, container freight station warehousing, and airport transfer services across the Southeastern United States. The acquisition was funded using cash flows from operations. The results of J P have been included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements as of and from the date of acquisition. The associated goodwill has been included in the Company s Expedited Freight reportable segment. 
 
 Intermodal 
 
 In February 2021, the Company acquired certain assets and liabilities of Proficient Transport Incorporated and Proficient Trucking, Inc. (together Proficient Transport for and a potential earn-out up to . Proficient Transport is an intermodal drayage company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. The acquisition of Proficient Transport supports the Company s strategic growth plan by expanding the intermodal footprint in Georgia, Illinois, North Carolina, and Texas, and introduces a new location in Ohio. The acquisition was funded using cash flows from operations. The results of Proficient Transport have been included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements as of and from the date of acquisition. The associated goodwill has been included in the Company s Intermodal reportable segment. 
 
 The purchase agreement for Proficient Transport included an earn-out up to based on the achievement of certain revenue milestones over a period, beginning March 1, 2021. The estimated fair value of the earn-out liability 
 F-20 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 . The fair value was based on the estimated performance of the acquired customer revenue and was calculated using the option pricing method. 
 
 Revenue discount rate Revenue volatility 
 
 The fair value of the earn-out liability was adjusted at each reporting period based on changes in the expected cash flows and related assumptions used in the option pricing method. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the earn-out changed by and ), respectively , and the change in the fair value was recorded in Other operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The period ended in the first quarter of 2022 and the Company paid in the second quarter of 2022 based on the terms of the purchase agreement. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the earn-out liabili ty was , which was reflected in Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 In November 2021, the Company acquired certain assets and liabilities of BarOle Trucking, Inc. BarOle for . BarOle is an intermodal drayage company headquartered in Roseville, Minnesota. The acquisition of BarOle provides additional capacity and resources to meet customer demands in the intermodal market, and extends the service footprint to the Minneapolis-Saint Paul, Minnesota area. In addition, BarOle has a larger terminal location, which allows for further expansion in the future. The acquisition was funded using cash flows from operations. The results of BarOle have been included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements as of and from the date of acquisition. The associated goodwill has been included in the Company s Intermodal reportable segment. 
 
 In May 2022, the Company acquired certain assets and liabilities of Edgmon Trucking, LLC Edgmon for and a potential earn-out of up to , based on the achievement of certain profit contribution milestones over a period, beginning May 31, 2022. The estimated fair value of the earn-out liability on the date of acquisition was immaterial. The fair value was based on the estimated certain profit contribution during the nineteen month period and was calculated using the option pricing method. Edgmon, headquartered in Kent, Washington, operates a terminal in Kent and a yard in Seattle, servicing both the Port of Seattle and the Port of Tacoma. The acquisition of Edgmon marks the Company s first Intermodal location on the West Coast, a key area of expansion in the Intermodal strategic growth plan. The acquisition was funded using cash flows from operations. The results of Edgmon have been included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements as of and from the date of acquisition. The associated goodwill has been included in the Company s Intermodal reportable segment. 

F-21 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Other assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Total tangible assets Intangible assets: Customer relationships Non-compete agreements Goodwill Total intangible assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Current liabilities Other liabilities Finance lease obligations Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 
 The preliminary purchase price for Edgmon has been allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the Company s best estimates and assumptions using the information available as of the acquisition date through the date of this filing. The provisional measurements of identifiable assets and liabilities, and the resulting goodwill related to this acquisition, is subject to adjustments in subsequent periods as the Company finalizes its purchase price allocation, including third-party valuations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments to the provisional amounts initially recorded for acquired net working capital, acquired property and equipment and acquired customer relationships and non-compete agreements related to the BarOle acquisition. The measurement period adjustment resulted in a increase to net working capital, a increase to acquired property and equipment and a combined decrease to acquired customer relationships and non-compete agreements, with a corresponding net increase to goodwill. The Company expects to finalize the Edgmon valuation as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. 
 
 years years years years Non-compete agreements year years years years 

F-22 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 operating terminals in Mobile, Alabama and Memphis, Tennessee and will allow the company to expand intermodal drayage operations in the Mobile market while bolstering an already strong presence in the Memphis market. In addition to drayage services, CCS also provides container storage and sales. The Company paid using cash on hand from operations. The preliminary purchase price was allocated based on the estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The Company recorded related to intangible assets and related to tangible assets. The Company expects to finalize the valuations as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the respective acquisition date. The results of CCS have been included in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements as of and from the date of acquisition. The associated goodwill has been included in the Company's Intermodal reportable segment. 

4. 
 
 Debt issuance costs ) ) Less: Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt, less current portion 
 
 2025 2026 
 
 In September 2017, the Company entered into a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Facility with a maximum aggregate principal amount of , with a sublimit of for letters of credit and a sublimit of for swing line loans. The maturity date of the Facility was September 29, 2022. In April 2020, the Company entered into the first amendment to the Facility, which increased the maximum aggregate principal amount to . The Facility could have been increased by up to to a maximum aggregate principal amount of pursuant to the terms of the amended credit agreement, subject to the lenders agreement to increase their commitments or the addition of new lenders extending such commitments. In July 2021, the Company entered into the second amendment to the Facility, which extended the maturity date to July 20, 2026 and changed the interest rate options available under the Facility. In December 2021, the Company entered into the third amendment to the Facility, which increased the amount available for borrowing under the Facility to , consisting of a revolving line of credit and a term loan of . In connection with the third amendment, the Company borrowed under the term loan and simultaneously repaid on the revolving line of credit from the borrowings received. Under the third amendment, the Facility may be increased by up to to a maximum aggregate principal amount of pursuant to the terms of the amended credit agreement, subject to the lenders agreement to increase their commitments or the addition of new lenders extending such commitments. Such increases to the Facility may be in the form of additional revolving credit loans, term loans or a combination thereof, and are contingent upon there being no events of default under the Facility. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had and respectively, of available borrowing capacity under the Facility. 
 
 The Facility contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company, without the approval of the required lenders, to engage in certain mergers, consolidations, asset sales, dividends and stock repurchases, investments, and other transactions or to incur liens or indebtedness in excess of agreed thresholds, as set forth in the credit agreement. The 
 F-23 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 , plus a margin ranging from to based on the Company s leverage ratio, or (2) the base rate, which cannot be less than . The base rate is the highest of (i) the federal funds rate, which cannot be less than , plus , (ii) the administrative agent s prime rate and (iii) the BSBY Rate, which cannot be less than , plus , plus a margin ranging from to based on the Company s leverage ratio. Interest is payable in arrears for each loan that is based on the BSBY rate on the last day of the interest period applicable to each loan, and interest is payable in arrears on loans not based on the BSBY rate on the last day of each quarter. The interest rate on the outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 
 The Company has an arrangement under the Facility to issue letters of credit, which guarantee the Company s obligations for potential claims exposure for insurance coverage. As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, outstanding letters of credit totaled . 
 
 Interest Payments 
 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. interest was capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

5. 
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of authorized, but shares have been issued to date. 
 
 Cash Dividends 
 
 For each quarter of 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared and the Company has paid a quarterly cash dividend of per common share. For each quarter of 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared and the Company paid a quarterly cash dividend of per common share. 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend o f per common share that will be paid in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On February 5, 2019, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan authorizing the repurchase of up to shares of the Company s common stock (the 2019 Repurchase Plan ). The 2019 Repurchase Plan expires when the shares authorized for repurchase are exhausted or the 2019 Repurchase Plan is canceled. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased through open market transactions s hares of common stock for , or an average of per share, and during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased through open market transactions shares of common stock for , or an average of per share. All shares received wer e retired upon receipt, and the excess of the purchase price over the par value per share was recorded to Retained Earnings in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

F-24 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 6. 
 
 Salaries, wages and employee benefits - discontinued operation Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 In May 2016, the Company adopted the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Omnibus Plan for the issuance of up to common shares. As of December 31, 2022, approximately shares remain available for grant under the Omnibus Plan. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Certain executives are eligible to receive grants of stock options. Employees may exercise the stock options at anytime after the grant is vested but no later than after the date of grant. Stock options vest over a period from the date of grant. For stock option awards, under the Plan, the exercise price is equal to the price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Share-based compensation expense associated with these awards is amortized ratably over the vesting period. The Company estimated the fair value of the grants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 
 Weighted average assumptions under Black-Scholes option model: Expected dividend yield Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected life of awards (years) 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or Canceled ) Outstanding as of December 31 
 
 F-25 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 and exercisable was approximately . The total fair value of stock options vested during 2022, 2021, 2020 was , , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total share-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options not yet recognized was , and the weighted average period over which it is expected to be recognized is approximately . 
 
 - - 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the total intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options was and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

Restricted Shares 
 
 The Company s primary long-term incentive plan is a restricted share award plan that entitles employees to receive a share of the Company s common stock subject to vesting requirements based on continued employment. Shares granted under the restricted share award plan are restricted from sale or transfer until vesting, and the restrictions lapse in three equal installments beginning after the date of grant. Dividends are paid in cash on a current basis throughout the vesting period. Share-based compensation expense associated with these awards is amortized ratably over the requisite service period. All forfeitures are recognized as incurred. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31 
 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value of the restricted shares granted under the Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. The total fair value of restricted shares that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total share-based compensation expense related to restricted shares not yet recognized was , and the weighted average period over which it is expected to be recognized is approximately . 

F-26 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 measurement period. The share awards are earned over the vesting period, and the number of shares earned is determined based on the cumulative results for the measurement period. The performance agreement provides for employees to earn to of the target awards depending on the actual performance achieved, with no shares earned if performance is below the established minimum target. Performance shares do not receive dividends until the shares are vested. Awards earned are paid in shares of common stock of the Company at the end of the vesting period. Share-based compensation expense associated with these awards is amortized ratably over the vesting period. Depending on the financial target, share-based compensation expense is determined based on the projected assessment of the level of performance that will be achieved. All forfeitures are recognized as incurred. 
 
 The grant-date fair value of performance shares granted with a financial target based on the Company s total shareholder return was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 Weighted average assumptions under the Monte Carlo simulation model: Expected stock price volatility Weighted average risk-free interest rate 
 
 Granted Earned ) Forfeited or unearned ) Outstanding as of December 31 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total share-based compensation expense related to unearned performance awards not yet recognized, assuming the Company s current projected assessment of the level of performance will be achieved, was , and the weighted average period over which it is expected to be recognized is approximately . 

The excess tax benefit realized for tax deductions in the United States related to the exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted stock and vesting of performance awards under the Pl an was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, on a continuing operations basis. 

F-27 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 shares of common stock to employees. These shares may be issued at a price equal to of the lesser of the market value on the first day or the last day of each purchase period. Common stock purchases are paid for through periodic payroll deductions and/or up to lump sum contributions. 
 
 Average purchase price Weighted average fair value of each purchase under the ESPP granted 1 
 Share-based compensation expense for ESPP 1 Equal to the discount from the market value of the common stock at the end of each six month purchase period 

Employee stock purchase plan activity and related information was as follows on a discontinued operation basis: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Shares purchased by participants under the ESPP Average purchase price Weighted average fair value of each purchase under the ESPP granted 1 
 Share-based compensation expense for ESPP 1 Equal to the discount from the market value of the common stock at the end of each six month purchase period 

Director Restricted Shares 
 
 Under the Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (the Amended Plan ), approved in May 2007 and further amended in February 2013 and January 2016, up to common shares may be issued. As of December 31, 2022, approximately shares remain available for grant under the Amended Plan. 
 
 Under the Amended Plan, each non-employee director receives an annual grant of restricted shares of the Company s common stock. The restricted shares vest on the earlier of (a) the day immediately prior to the first annual shareholder meeting that occurs after the grant date or (b) one year after the grant date. Each director may elect to defer receipt of the common shares until the director departs from the Company s Board of Directors. If a director elects to defer receipt, the Company will issue deferred stock units in which the director does not have voting rights or other incidents of ownership until the shares are issued. Each deferred stock unit is eligible for a dividend equivalent in the form of additional restricted stock units for each cash dividend paid by the Company. 
 
 F-28 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Outstanding as of December 31 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Share-based compensation expense for restricted shares Excess tax benefit for the vesting of restricted shares 
 
 The total fair value of restricted shares that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total share-based compensation expense related to the restricted shares not yet recognized was , and the weighted average period over which it is expected to be recognized is less than . 

7. 

State Deferred: Federal State ) 

F-29 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Share-based compensation ) ) ) Other permanent differences ) Non-deductible compensation Change in income tax contingency reserves ) ) Federal income tax credits ) ) ) Other ) ) 

Allowance for doubtful accounts Operating lease liabilities Share-based compensation Accruals for income tax contingencies Capital loss carryforwards Net operating loss carryforwards Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Tax over book depreciation Prepaid expenses Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 The Company paid income taxes, net of refunds, of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The sale of Pool resulted in a capital loss in the amount of , which expires in 2026. The Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the capital loss carryforward will not be realized and therefore, established a valuation allowance of to reserve against its capital loss carryforward. The Company also maintains a valuation allowance to reserve against its state net operating loss carryforwards of . A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company assessed the likelihood that its deferred tax assets would be recovered from estimated future taxable income and available tax planning strategies. In making this assessment, all available evidence was considered including economic climate, as well as reasonable tax planning 
 F-30 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 of federal net operating losses which the Company fully utilized in 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of , and , respectively, that expire between 2022 and 2033. The state net operating loss carryforwards are limited to the future taxable income of separate legal entities. There was no change in the valuation allowance for the state net operating loss carryforwards in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Reductions for settlement with state taxing authorities ) Additions for tax positions of current year Balance at December 31, 2021 Reductions for settlement with state taxing authorities ) Additions for tax positions of current year Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 and , respectively, of unrecognized income tax benefits, all of which would affect the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits of and , respectively. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in Interest expense, net and Other operating expenses , respectively. 

8. 
 
 , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2023, the Company expects to receive aggregate future minimum rental payments under noncancelable subleases of approximately . Noncancelable subleases expire between 2023 and 2028. 
 
 The Company does not recognize a right-of-use asset or lease liability with respect to operating leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less, and recognizes expense on such leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company does not account for lease components separately from nonlease components. The Company has certain leases that include or more options to renew, with renewal periods ranging from one to years. The exercise of the lease renewal options is at the discretion of the Company and is included in the determination of the right-of-use asset and operating lease liability when the option is reasonably certain of being exercised. The depreciable life of right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements is limited by the expected lease term. The Company has certain lease agreements for equipment that include variable rental payments based on estimated mileage. The variable rental payments are adjusted for periodically based on actual mileage. In addition, the Company has certain lease agreements that include variable rental payments that are adjusted periodically for inflation based on the index rate as defined by the applicable government authority. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. 
 
 F-31 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and were recorded in Purchased transportation in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Finance lease assets Property and equipment, net 1 
 Total leased assets Lease Liabilities Classification December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current: Operating Current portion of operating lease liabilities Finance Current portion of debt and finance lease obligations Noncurrent: Operating Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Finance Finance lease obligations, less current portion Total leased liabilities 1 Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated depreciation of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Short-term lease cost Operating leases Variable lease cost Purchased transportation, operating leases and other operating expenses Sublease income Operating revenue ) ) Finance lease cost: Amortization of leased assets Depreciation and amortization Interest on leased liabilities Interest expense, net Total lease cost 

F-32 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of future minimum lease payments Less: current portion of lease obligations ) ) Long-term lease obligations 
 
 Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 The following table summarizes the supplemental cash flow information for 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations 

9. 
 
 to purchase forklifts and other equipment during 2023. 

F-33 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 (in thousands): 
 
 Occurrence/Accident to 
 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 Truckload business Occurrence/Accident to 
 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 LTL, Truckload and Intermodal businesses Policy Term Aggregate to 
 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 Intermodal Occurrence/Accident to 
 10/1/2022 to 10/1/2023 
 Excluding the Final Mile business, which is primarily a brokered service. 
 For each and every accident/incident, the Company is responsible for damages and defense up to these amounts, regardless of the number of claims associated with any accident/incident. 

Also, from time to time, when brokering freight, the Company may face claims for the negligent selection of outside, contracted carriers that are involved in accidents, and the Company maintains third-party liability insurance coverage with a deductible per occurrence for most of its brokered services. Additionally, the Company maintains workers compensation insurance with a self-insured retention of per occurrence. 
 
 Insurance coverage in excess of the self-insured retention limit is an important part of the Company s risk management process. The Company accrues for the costs of the uninsured portion of pending claims within the self-insured retention based on the nature and severity of individual claims and historical claims development trends. The Company believes the recorded reserves are sufficient for all incurred claims up to the self-insured retention limits, including an estimate for claims incurred but not reported. However, estimating the number and severity of claims, as well as related judgment or settlement amounts is inherently difficult, and the Company may fail to establish sufficient insurance reserves and adequately estimate for future insurance claims. Since the ultimate resolution of outstanding claims as well as claims incurred but not reported is uncertain, it is possible that the reserves recorded for these losses could change materially in the near term. Although, an estimate cannot be made of the range of additional loss that is at least reasonably possible. 
 
 On December 15, 2020, the Company detected a Ransomware Incident impacting the Company s operational and information technology systems, which caused service delays for the Company s customers. We incurred u nexpected costs and impacts from the Ransomware Incident, and may in the future, incur costs in connection with this Ransomware Incident. Any failure to comply with data privacy, security or other laws and regulations could result in claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquires or investigations. 
 
 F-34 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 10. 
 of the employee s contribution up to a maximum of of annual compensation, subject to certain limits. The Company contributed , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

11. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Earn-out liability 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other receivables, and accounts payable are valued at their carrying amounts in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, due to the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. 
 
 The carrying amount of long-term debt under the Company s credit facility approximates fair value based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for a loan with similar terms and average maturity. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the Company s finance lease obligation, based on current borrowing rates, was , compared to its carrying value of . As of December 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of the Company s finance lease obligation, based on current borrowing rates, was , compared to its carrying value of . 

F-35 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Goodwill impairment charge 1 
 Valuation allowance on assets held for sale 1 
 
 1 See Note 2, Discontinued Operation and Held for Sale . 

12. 
 reportable segments: Expedited Freight and Intermodal. The Company evaluates segment performance based on income from operations. Segment results include intersegment revenues and shared costs. Costs related to the corporate headquarters, shared services and shared assets, such as trailers, are allocated to each segment based on usage. Shared assets are not allocated to each segment, but rather the shared assets, such as trailers, are allocated to the Expedited Freight segment. Corporate includes revenues and expenses as well as assets that are not attributable to any of the Company s reportable segments. 
 
 The accounting policies applied to each segment are the same as those in Note 1, Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , except for certain self-insurance loss reserves related to vehicle liability and workers compensation. Each segment is allocated an insurance premium and deductible that corresponds to the self-insured retention limit for that particular segment. Any self-insurance loss exposure beyond the deductible allocated to each segment is recorded in Corporate. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized revenue of approximately from one customer, which accounted for more than of the Company s consolidated revenues from continuing operations in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and was included in the Expedited Freight reportable segment. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s consolidated revenues from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

F-36 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Intersegment revenues ) Depreciation Amortization Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Expedited Freight Intermodal Corporate Eliminations Consolidated - Continuing Operations External revenues Intersegment revenues ) ) Depreciation Amortization Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Expedited Freight Intermodal Corporate Eliminations Consolidated - Continuing Operations External revenues Intersegment revenues ) ) Depreciation Amortization Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Purchases of property and equipment Total Assets As of December 31, 2022 ) As of December 31, 2021 ) 
 
 A reconciliation from the segment information to the consolidated balances for revenues is set forth below: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Intersegment revenues - continuing operations ) ) Intersegment revenues - discontinued operation Consolidated intersegment revenues 

F-37 

Forward Air Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Truckload Final Mile Other Total 
 
 F-38 

Forward Air Corporation 
 2 
 Allowance for revenue adjustments 1 
 3 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance Year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts 2 
 Allowance for revenue adjustments 1 
 3 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance Year ended December 31, 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts 2 
 Allowance for revenue adjustments 1 
 3 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance 
 1 Represents an allowance for revenue adjustments resulting from future billing rate changes. 
 2 Represents uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries. 
 3 Represents adjustments to billed accounts receivable. 
 S-1 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 ex32forwardaircorporationb.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

Exhibit 3.2 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF FORWARD AIR CORPORATION February 7, 2023 
 ARTICLE I 
 SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 Section 1.1 Place of Meeting . Meetings of the shareholders of Forward Air Corporation (the Corporation shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation in the State of Tennessee or at such other place, if any, within or without the State of Tennessee as may be determined by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors or the Board ). The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of the shareholders shall not be held at any place but may instead be held by means of remote communication, as authorized by the Tennessee Business Corporation Act, as amended (the Business Corporation Act ). 
 Section 1.2 Annual Meeting . The annual meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation shall be held on a date and at a time and place, if any, as may be determined by the Board and as shall be designated in the notice of such meeting. The purpose of the annual meeting shall be to elect directors and transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting in accordance with these Amended and Restated Bylaws (these Bylaws ). 
 Section 1.3 Special Meetings . 
 (i) Generally . Special meetings of the shareholders shall be held upon call of a majority of the Board of Directors, or, subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and unless the charter of the Corporation (the Charter otherwise provides, upon written demand(s) signed, dated and delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation by an Eligible Holder (as defined below) or group of Eligible Holders holding at least ten percent (10 of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote on any issue proposed to be considered at such meeting (the Special Meeting Percentage ). Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of shareholders as shall have been brought before such special meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting. Eligible Holder means any record holder of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote for the election of directors that (i) is making such request on its own behalf (and not on behalf of a beneficial owner of such stock) or (ii) is making such request on behalf of a beneficial owner of such capital stock provided that, in the case of this clause (ii), such request must be accompanied by proof of such beneficial ownership in a form that would be sufficient to prove eligibility to submit a shareholder proposal under paragraph (b) of Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (such act, and any successor statute thereto, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are collectively referred to herein as the Exchange Act ), or any successor rule. 
 (ii) Shareholder Requested Special Meetings . 
 (a) Any Eligible Holder seeking to have shareholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary of the Corporation (the Record Date Request Notice by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the shareholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date ). The Record Date Request Notice shall (1) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it 
 
 5969255 

(including the exact text of any such proposal or business, the text of any proposed resolutions and any proposed director(s) to be nominated or removed, as applicable), (2) be signed by one or more Eligible Holders as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in writing), (3) bear the date of signature of each such Eligible Holder (or such agent) and (4) contain all the information required by Section 1.14(iii) or Section 2.4(iii) of these Bylaws (as applicable) relating to the Eligible Holder, nominees for director (if applicable) or any proposal of other business to be considered at such special meeting (assuming the Eligible Holder was a shareholder making a director nomination or proposal for other business at an annual meeting of shareholders in accordance with Section 1.14(iii) or Section 2.4(iii)). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten (10) days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten (10) days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date and make a public announcement (as permitted by law) of such Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which the Record Date Request Notice is received by the Secretary of the Corporation. 
 (b) In order for any shareholder to request a special meeting of the shareholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (individually or collectively, a Special Meeting Request shall be (1) made in accordance with the requirements of this Section 1.3(ii)(b), (2) signed by Eligible Holders (or their agents duly authorized in writing) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast at least the Special Meeting Percentage of all of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting, (3) sent to the Secretary of the Corporation by registered mail, return receipt requested and (4) received by the Secretary of the Corporation between the Request Record Date and sixty (60) days thereafter. In determining whether Special Meeting Requests have been received from Eligible Holders of at least the Special Meeting Percentage, multiple requests to call a special meeting will not be considered together if they relate to different items of business, including any deviations in the text of such proposal, business or resolution or any deviations in the proposed director(s) to be nominated or removed. A Special Meeting Request shall be ineffective if (1) it relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for shareholder action under applicable law, (2) it relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for shareholder action under the Corporation s Charter or these Bylaws, (3) such request is delivered between the 61st day and 365th day after the earliest date of signature on an effective Special Meeting Request that has been delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation relating to an item of business (other than the election of directors) that is identical or substantially similar (a Similar Item to an item of business included in such request, (4) a Similar Item will be submitted for shareholder approval at any shareholder meeting to be held on or before the 90th day after the Secretary of the Corporation receives such Special Meeting Request or (5) a Similar Item has been presented at the most recent annual meeting or at any special meeting held within one year prior to receipt by the Secretary of the Corporation of such request. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (1) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed (including the exact text of any such proposal or business, the text of any proposed resolutions and any proposed director(s) to be nominated or removed, as applicable) to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the Secretary of the Corporation), (2) bear the date of signature of each such Eligible Holder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (3) contain the information required by Section 1.14(iii) or Section 2.4(iii) of these Bylaws (as applicable) relating to the Eligible Holder, nominees for director (if applicable) or any proposal of other business to be 
 2 
 
 5969255 

considered at such special meeting (assuming the Eligible Holder was a shareholder making a director nomination or proposal for other business at an annual meeting of shareholders in accordance with Section 1.14(iii) or Section 2.4(iii)) and (4) set forth the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation s books, of each Eligible Holder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned of record or beneficially by each such Eligible Holder, and the nominee holder for, and number of, shares owned by such Eligible Holder beneficially but not of record. The Eligible Holders shall promptly update and supplement the information provided to the Corporation in the Special Meeting Request as needed, so that such information shall be true and correct as of the Meeting Record Date (as defined below) and as of the date that is ten (10) Business Days before the Shareholder Requested Meeting (as defined below) or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Any requesting shareholder may revoke his, her or its Special Meeting Request at any time prior to the special meeting by written revocation delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation provided that if any such revocations are received by the Secretary of the Corporation and, as a result of such revocation, there are no longer unrevoked Special Meeting Requests from Eligible Holders of at least the Special Meeting Percentage, the Board shall have the discretion to determine whether or not to revoke the notice of meeting. Any Special Meeting Request received after a revocation by the Secretary of the Corporation of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 
 (c) The Board shall determine in good faith whether a purported Special Meeting Request satisfies the requirements set forth in Section 1.3(ii)(b), and the Secretary of the Corporation shall determine in good faith whether all other requirements set forth in Section 1.3 have been satisfied provided that the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President or the Board of Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the Secretary of the Corporation. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported request shall be deemed to have been received by the Secretary until the earlier of (i) five (5) days after actual receipt by the Secretary of the Corporation of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the Secretary of the Corporation represent at least the Special Meeting Percentage of the issued and outstanding shares of stock that would be entitled to vote at such meeting. If the Board of Directors, the Secretary of the Corporation or the independent inspectors determine that the Special Meeting Request was not properly made in accordance with Section 1.3, then the Secretary of the Corporation shall not be required to call such requested special meeting and such meeting shall not be held. Any determination made pursuant to this Section 1.3(ii)(c) shall be binding on the Corporation and its shareholders. 
 (d) Upon the determination that a Special Meeting Request satisfies the requirements of Section 1.3(ii), the Secretary shall inform the requesting shareholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including the Corporation s proxy materials). The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon a Special Meeting Request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by this Section 1.3(ii), the Secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the mailing of any notice of the meeting (the date of such receipt, the Delivery Date ). 
 (e) In the case of any special meeting called by the Secretary upon the request of shareholders (a Shareholder Requested Meeting ), such meeting 
 3 
 
 5969255 

shall be held at such place (or in lieu of a place, by means of remote communication), date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors provided , however , that the date of any Shareholder Requested Meeting shall be not more than seventy (70) days nor less than ten (10) days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the Delivery Date, a date and time for a Shareholder Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2 00 p.m. local time on the 70th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 70th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day and provided further that in the event that the Board of Directors fails to designate a place (or in lieu of a place, a means of remote communication) for a Shareholder Requested Meeting within ten (10) days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for any special meeting, the President, Chief Executive Officer or Board of Directors may consider such factors as he, she or it deems relevant within the good faith exercise of business judgment, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Shareholder Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within thirty (30) days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. 
 (f) Business transacted at the Shareholder Requested Meeting shall be limited to the proposals set forth in the notice of meeting provided that the Board may submit its own proposal or proposals for consideration by including them in the notice of meeting. If none of the Eligible Holders who submitted a Special Meeting Request appears or sends a duly authorized agent to the Shareholder Requested Meeting, the Corporation need not present such matters for a vote. 
 (g) For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of Tennessee are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 Section 1.4 Notice of Meetings . The notice of all meetings of shareholders shall be given in writing, by electronic transmission or by any other means allowed by the Business Corporation Act in accordance with the provisions thereof, shall state the date, time and place (or in lieu of a place, a means of remote communication) of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which shareholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting (as authorized by the Board of Directors in is sole discretion pursuant to the Business Corporation Act), and, unless it is the annual meeting, shall indicate that it is being issued by or at the direction of the person or persons calling the meeting. The notice of an annual meeting should state that the meeting is called for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting and shall state the purpose or purposes of the meeting if any other action is to be taken at such annual meeting which could be taken at a special meeting. The notice of a special meeting shall, in all instances, indicate that it is being issued by or at the direction of the person or persons calling the meeting and state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Notice of any meeting shall be given to shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting not less than ten (10) days nor more than two (2) months before the date of the meeting, to each shareholder at such shareholder s record address or at such other address which such shareholder may have furnished in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. If a meeting is adjourned to another time or place and if any announcement of the adjourned time or place is made at the meeting, it shall not be necessary to give notice of the adjourned meeting unless the Board of Directors, after adjournment, fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting, which it must do if the meeting is adjourned to a date 
 4 
 
 5969255 

more than four (4) months after the date fixed for the original meeting. At the adjourned meeting any business may be transacted that might have been transacted on the original date of the meeting. Notice of a meeting need not be given to any shareholder who submits to the Corporation for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records a signed waiver of notice, in person or by proxy, before or after the meeting. The attendance of a shareholder at a meeting without objection at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon his arrival) to the lack of notice or defective notice of such meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice by such shareholder. Any previously scheduled annual meeting of the Corporation s shareholders may be postponed, and any previously scheduled special meeting of the Corporation s shareholders may be postponed or canceled, by resolution of the Board of Directors upon public notice (as permitted by law) given prior to the time previously scheduled for such meeting of shareholders. 
 Section 1.5 Quorum . The holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall, except as otherwise provided by law or the Charter, constitute a quorum at a meeting of shareholders, provided that when a specified item of business is required to be voted on by a class or series, voting as a class, the holders of a majority of the shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of such specified item of business. When a quorum is once present to organize a meeting, it is not broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any shareholder or for adjournment of the meeting unless a new record date is or must be set for the meeting. 
 Section 1.6 Conduct of Meetings . Meetings of the shareholders shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or, if the Chairman of the Board is not present, by the Lead Independent Director, if any, or if the Lead Independent Director is not present, by the President, or, if the President is not present, by a Vice President, or, if neither the Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director, the President nor a Vice President is present, by a chairman to be chosen at the meeting. The Secretary of the Corporation, or in the Secretary s absence, an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary of every meeting, but if neither the Secretary nor an Assistant Secretary is present, the person presiding over the meeting shall choose any person present to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 Section 1.7 Voting . For each share of the capital stock of the Corporation registered in his name on the books of the Corporation the holder thereof shall have the number of votes per share specified in the Charter. Whenever under the provisions of the Charter any shareholder is entitled to more or less than one (1) vote for any share of capital stock of the Corporation held by such shareholder, every reference in these Bylaws to a plurality or other proportion of stock shall refer to such plurality or other proportion of the votes of such stock. At each meeting of the shareholders, each shareholder having the right to vote shall be entitled to vote in person or by proxy, which proxy must be authorized in accordance with the Business Corporation Act, and bearing a date not more than eleven (11) months prior to such meeting, unless such instrument provides for a longer period. Every shareholder entitled to vote at any meeting may so vote by proxy and shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share entitled to vote and held by such shareholder. At all elections of directors the voting may, but need not, be by ballot and a plurality of the votes cast thereat shall elect, except as otherwise required by law or the Charter. Except as otherwise required by law, or the Charter, any other action shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast. Votes cast on a matter shall include votes against such matter and shall exclude abstentions and broker non-votes with respect to such matter, but abstentions and broker non-votes will be considered for purposes of establishing a quorum. 
 Section 1.8 Record Date . Subject to Section 1.3 and Section 1.12 of these Bylaws, for the purpose of determining the shareholders entitled to notice of, to demand a special meeting, to vote or take any other action at any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to or dissent from any proposal without a meeting, or for the purpose of determining the shareholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any 
 5 
 
 5969255 

rights, or for the purpose of any other action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a date as the record date for any such determination of shareholders. Such date shall not be more than seventy (70) days nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more than seventy (70) days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of, to demand a special meeting, to vote or take any other action at a meeting of shareholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if no notice is given, the day on which the meeting is held. 
 The record date for determining shareholders for any purpose other than that specified in the preceding clause shall be at the close of business on the day on which the resolution of the Board of Directors relating thereto is adopted. When a determination of shareholders of record entitled to notice of, to demand a special meeting, to vote or take any other action at any meeting of shareholders has been made as provided in this Section 1.8, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof, unless the Board of Directors fixes a new record date under this Section 1.8 for the adjourned meeting provided , however , if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than four (4) months after the date fixed for the original meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date. 
 Section 1.9 Shareholder Lists . An alphabetical list by voting group, and within each voting group by class or series of shares, of each shareholder s name, address and share ownership entitled to notice of a shareholders meeting as of the record date, certified by the Secretary or other officer responsible for its preparation, or by the transfer agent, if any, shall be available for inspection by any shareholder, beginning two (2) Business Days after notice of the meeting is given for which the list was prepared and continuing through the meeting upon the request thereat or prior thereto of any shareholder. If the right to vote at any meeting is challenged, the inspectors of election, if any, or the person presiding thereat, shall require such list of shareholders to be produced as evidence of the right of the persons challenged to vote at such meeting, and all persons who appear from such list to be shareholders entitled to vote thereat may vote at such meeting. Nothing in this Section 1.9 shall require the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. 
 Section 1.10 Proxy Representation . Every shareholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such shareholder by proxy in all matters in which a shareholder is entitled to participate, whether by waiving notice of any meeting, voting or participating at a meeting, or expressing consent or dissent without a meeting. Every proxy must be authorized in accordance with the Business Corporation Act. No proxy shall be valid after the expiration of eleven (11) months from the date thereof unless otherwise provided in the proxy. Every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the shareholder executing it, except as otherwise provided by the Business Corporation Act. A shareholder may revoke any proxy that is not irrevocable by attending the applicable meeting and voting in person or by delivering to the Secretary of the Corporation a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date not later than the time designated in the order of business for so delivering such proxies. In the event the Corporation receives proxies for disqualified or withdrawn nominees for the Board of Directors, such votes for such disqualified or withdrawn nominees in the proxies will be treated as abstentions. Any shareholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other shareholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 1.11 Inspectors . At all meetings of shareholders, the proxies and ballots shall be received, taken in charge and examined, and all questions concerning the qualification of voters, the validity of proxies and the acceptance or rejection of proxies and of votes shall be decided by two (2) inspectors of election. Such inspectors of election together with one alternate to serve in the event of death, inability or refusal by any of such inspectors of election to serve at 
 6 
 
 5969255 

the meeting, shall be appointed by the Board of Directors, or, if no such appointment or appointments shall have been made, then by the presiding officer at the meeting. If for any reason the inspectors of election so appointed shall fail to attend, or refuse or be unable to serve, a substitute or substitutes shall be appointed to serve as inspector or inspectors of election, in their place or stead, by the presiding officer at the meeting. No director or candidate for the office of director shall be appointed as an inspector. Each inspector shall take and subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute the duties of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. The inspectors, if any, shall determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all shareholders. On request of the person presiding at the meeting or any shareholder, the inspectors shall make a report in writing of any challenge, question or matter determined by them and execute a certificate as to any fact found by them. Each inspector shall be entitled to reasonable compensation for such inspector s services, to be paid by the Corporation. 
 Section 1.12 Actions Without Meetings . Whenever shareholders are required or permitted to take any action by vote, such action may be taken without a meeting on written consent setting forth the action so taken, signed by the holders of all outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon unless some number less than all of the holders of all of the outstanding shares is required by applicable law or the Charter. This section shall not be construed to alter or modify any provision of law or of the Charter under which the written consent of the holders of less than all outstanding shares is sufficient for corporate action. 
 Section 1.13 Meaning of Certain Terms . As used herein in respect of the right to notice of a meeting of shareholders or a waiver thereof or to participate or vote thereat or to consent or dissent in writing in lieu of a meeting, as the case may be, the term share or shareholder or shareholders refers to an outstanding share or shares and to a holder or holders of record of outstanding shares, when the Corporation is authorized to issue only one (1) class of shares, and such reference is also intended to include any outstanding share or shares and any holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of any class upon which or upon whom the Charter confers such rights, where there are two (2) or more classes or series of shares, or upon which or upon whom the Business Corporation Act confers such rights, notwithstanding that the Charter may provide for more than one (1) class or series of shares, one (1) or more of which are limited or denied such rights thereunder. 
 Section 1.14 Advance Notice Provisions for Business to be Transacted at Annual Meeting . 
 (i) No business may be transacted at an annual meeting of shareholders, other than business that is either (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (b) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (c) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by any shareholder of the Corporation (i) who is shareholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section and on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (ii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section. 
 (ii) A shareholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s 
 7 
 
 5969255 

annual meeting provided , however , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than thirty (30) days or delayed by more than sixty (60) days from the anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the shareholder must be so delivered not earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. 
 (iii) A shareholder s notice to the Secretary must be in writing and set forth as to each matter such shareholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (a) a brief description (including the exact text of any such proposal or business, any proposed resolutions or any proposed amendment of these Bylaws) of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting (b) the name and address of (1) such shareholder as they appear on the Corporation s books and of (2) the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made or any person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the shareholder or such beneficial owner (each, a Shareholder Associated Person (c) the following information regarding the shareholder, any beneficial owner and any Shareholder Associated Person, including, where applicable, a description of all economic terms, copies of all agreements and other documents and the names and details of all counterparties, which shall be promptly updated and supplemented in writing by the shareholder so that such information shall be true and correct as of the Meeting Record Date and as of the date that is ten (10) Business Days before the Shareholder Requested Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (1) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person (2) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, other derivatives, or similar rights, agreements or arrangements with an exercise or conversion privilege or a periodic or settlement payment or payments or mechanism at a price or in an amount or amounts related to any security of the Corporation or with a value derived or calculated in whole or in part from the value of the Corporation or any security of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying security of the Corporation or otherwise, that is owned directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person, and any other direct or indirect opportunity of such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of any security of the Corporation, in each case, regardless of whether (x) such interest conveys any voting rights in such security to such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person, (y) such interest is required to be, or is capable of being, settled through delivery of such security or (z) such person may have entered into other transactions that hedge the economic effect of such interest (each, a Derivative Instrument (3) any proxy, contract, agreement, arrangement, understanding, or relationship among such shareholder, beneficial owner, Shareholder Associated Person or any other person or persons (A) for the purposes of acquiring, holding, voting (except pursuant to a revocable proxy given to such person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made generally by such person to all holders of shares of the Corporation) or disposing of any capital stock of the Corporation, (B) to cooperate in obtaining, changing or influencing the control of the Corporation (except independent financial, legal and other advisors acting in the ordinary course of their respective businesses), (C) with the effect or intent of increasing the voting power of, or that contemplates any person voting together with, any such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person with respect to any shares of the capital stock of the Corporation or any business proposed by the shareholder and (D) otherwise in connection with the proposal of such business (each, a Voting Agreement (4) any opportunity, direct or indirect, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, for the shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of any of the Corporation s securities (a Short Interest (5) any 
 8 
 
 5969255 

rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation (6) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner and (7) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) to which such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person is entitled based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including, without limitation, any such interests held by members of such shareholder s or Shareholder Associated Person s immediate family sharing the same household (8) any material interest of such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person in such business (9) a list of all transactions by such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person involving any securities of the Corporation or any Derivative Instruments, Voting Agreements or similar arrangements within the six-month period prior to the date of the notice and (10) any other information relating to the shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person that must be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and (d) a representation that such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person intends (1) to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting and (2) to deliver a proxy statement and or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt such business or otherwise solicit proxies or votes from shareholders in support of such proposal. 
 (iv) No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting of shareholders except business brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.14 or in Section 2.4 provided, however, that once business has been properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with such procedures, nothing in this Section 1.14 or in Section 2.4 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any shareholder of any such business. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the chairman of the annual meeting shall declare to the meeting that business proposed by a shareholder to be brought before the meeting shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation, if 
 (a) such business was not properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the provisions set forth herein or if the shareholder shall have failed to comply with its obligations under this Section 1.14, including, but not limited to, by breaching any of the representations, agreements or undertakings required hereunder 
 (b) such shareholder shall have provided information to the Corporation in respect of such business that was untrue in any material respect or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading or 
 (c) such shareholder does not appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting. 
 (v) No adjournment or postponement of a meeting of shareholders shall commence a new period (or extend any period) for the giving of notice of a shareholder proposal hereunder with respect to such meeting. 
 9 
 
 5969255 

ARTICLE II DIRECTORS 
 Section 2.1 Functions and Definition . The business of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of its Board of Directors. The use of the phrase entire Board of Directors herein refers to the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies. 
 Section 2.2 Qualification and Number . Each director shall be at least eighteen (18) years of age. A director need not be a shareholder, a citizen of the United States, nor a resident of the State of Tennessee. Unless the Board of Directors determines otherwise, to be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director, a person must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice by the Board of Directors) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request) and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such person (A) is not and will not become a party to (i) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person will act or vote as a director on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (ii) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply with such person s fiduciary duties as a director under applicable law, (B) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed therein, (C) intends to serve as a director of the Corporation for the full term for which such nominee is to stand for election and (D) in such person s individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, and will comply with all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading and other policies and guidelines of the Corporation that are applicable to directors. The number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors shall be not less than the number required by law such number may be fixed from time to time by action of the Board of Directors or of the shareholders. The number of directors may be increased or decreased by action of the Board of Directors or shareholders, provided that any action of the Board of Directors to effect such increase or decrease shall require the vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 Section 2.3 Election and Term . Directors who are elected at an annual meeting of shareholders, and directors who are elected in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created directorships, shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their respective successors have been elected and qualified. In the interim between annual meetings of shareholders or special meetings of shareholders called for the election of directors, the creation of newly created directorships and to fill any vacancies in the Board of Directors, including vacancies resulting from the removal of directors for cause or without cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the directors then in office or, if there is only one remaining director in office, by such sole remaining director, although less than a quorum exists, or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence of this Section 2.3 shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until such director s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. 
 10 
 
 5969255 

Section 2.4 Advance Notice Provisions for Election of Directors . 
 (i) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at any annual meeting of shareholders, or at any special meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (b) by any shareholder of the Corporation (1) who is a shareholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section and on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote at such meeting and (2) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section. The number of nominees a shareholder may nominate at a meeting (or in the case of a shareholder giving notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a shareholder may nominate for election at a meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such meeting. 
 (ii) A shareholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (a) in the case of an annual meeting, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting provided , however , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from the anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the shareholder must be so delivered not earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is first made and (b) in the case of a special meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public announcement of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever first occurs. 
 (iii) A shareholder s notice to the Secretary must be in writing and set forth the following information, which shall be promptly updated and supplemented in writing by the shareholder, as needed, so that such information shall be true and correct as of the record date and as of the date that is ten (10) Business Days before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof 
 (a) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election as a director, (1) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (2) the signed written consent of each proposed nominee being named as a nominee in any proxy statement and other proxy materials for the applicable meeting and to serving as a director if so elected and (3) the completed and signed director questionnaire and representation and agreement, each as required under Section 2.2 
 (b) as to the shareholder giving the notice, including, where applicable, a description of all economic terms, copies of all agreements and other documents, and the names and details of all counterparties, (1) the name and address of such shareholder as they appear on the Corporation s books, of any beneficial owner and of any Shareholder Associated Person (2) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by such shareholder, beneficial 
 11 
 
 5969255 

owner or Shareholder Associated Person (3) any Derivative Instrument that is owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person (4) any Voting Agreement in connection with proposing such nomination or nominees for election to the Board of Directors, including all arrangements or understandings among such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person, each proposed nominee, and any other party (5) any Short Interest in any security of the Corporation (6) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation (7) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner (8) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) to which such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person is entitled based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including, without limitation, any such interests held by members of such shareholder s, beneficial owner s or Shareholder Associated Person s immediate family sharing the same household (9) any material interest of such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person in such nomination and (10) any other information relating to the shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person that must be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder 
 (c) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings (whether written or oral) during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person, any such proposed nominee or his respective affiliates and associates (each defined under Regulation 12B of the Exchange Act (or any successor provision thereto)), or others acting in concert therewith, including all information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K (or any successor provision thereto) if the shareholder making the nomination, any beneficial owner and any Shareholder Associated Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant and 
 (d) a representation that the shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person intends (1) to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice and (2) to (A) solicit proxies from holders of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares of capital stock entitled to vote on the election of the nominees, (B) include a statement to that effect in its proxy statement and or the form of proxy, (C) otherwise comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, and (D) provide the Secretary of the Corporation not less than seven days prior to the applicable meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling or postponement thereof, with reasonable documentary evidence (as determined by the Secretary in good faith) that such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person complied with such representations. 
 12 
 
 5969255 

(iv) No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section. 
 (v) Except as otherwise provided by law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors or, during the annual meeting of shareholders or a special meeting of the shareholders, as applicable, the chairman of such meeting shall declare a nomination by any shareholder to be invalid, and such nomination shall be disregarded notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation, if 
 (a) such nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures set forth herein or if such shareholder shall have failed to comply with its obligations under this Section 2.4 or Section 2.2, including, but not limited to, by breaching any of the representations, agreements or undertakings required hereunder or thereunder 
 (b) such nominee or the applicable shareholder shall have provided information to the Corporation in respect of such nomination that was untrue in any material respect or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading or 
 (c) such shareholder does not appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting or special meeting, as applicable, to present any nomination pursuant to this Section 2.4. 
 (vi) In the event that any information or communications provided by a nominating shareholder or a nominee to the Corporation or its shareholders ceases to be true and correct in all material respects or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, each such shareholder or nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Secretary of any defect in such previously provided information and of the information that is required to correct any such defect, it being understood that providing any such notification shall not be deemed to cure any defect or limit the rights of the Board of Directors to determine any such nomination to be invalid. 
 (vii) No adjournment or postponement of a meeting of shareholders shall commence a new period (or extend any period) for the giving of notice of a shareholder proposal hereunder with respect to such meeting. 
 (viii) If a shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person that intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees no longer intends to solicit proxies in accordance with its representation pursuant to Section 2.4(iii)(d), such shareholder, beneficial owner or Shareholder Associated Person shall inform the Corporation of this change by delivering in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation no later than two (2) business days after such change. 
 Section 2.5 Chairman of the Board . The Board of Directors, after the election thereof held in each year, may elect a Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and the Board of Directors at which he or she shall be present and shall furnish advice and counsel to the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board shall exercise the powers and perform the duties usual to a chairman of the board of a corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board shall be a member of the Board of Directors. 
 13 
 
 5969255 

Section 2.6 Lead Independent Director . In the event that the Board of Directors elects a Chairman of the Board who is an employee of the Corporation, the Board will elect a Lead Independent Director to furnish advice and counsel to the Board of Directors and to perform such duties as assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 2.7 Quorum . A majority of the entire Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn a meeting to another time and place (or in lieu of a place, by means of remote communication). Except as herein otherwise provided, the vote of a majority of the directors present at the time of the vote, at a meeting duly assembled, a quorum being present at such time, shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 2.8 Meetings Notice . Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such place (or in lieu of a place, by means of remote communication) within or without the State of Tennessee as may from time to time be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors, or as may be specified in the notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors may determine that a meeting of the Board shall not be held at any place but may instead be held by means of remote communication, as authorized by the Business Corporation Act. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times as may from time to time be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board may be held at any time upon the call of the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Lead Independent Director, if any the President, the Secretary or any two (2) directors. Notice shall be duly given to each director by (i) giving notice to such director in person or by telephone, electronic transmission or voice message system at least two (2) days in advance of the meeting, (ii) sending a facsimile to the director s last known facsimile number, or delivering written notice by hand to the director s last known business or home address, at least two (2) days in advance of the meeting, or (iii) mailing written notice to the director s last known business or home address at least two (2) days in advance of the meeting. A meeting of the Board of Directors may be held without notice immediately after the annual meeting of shareholders at the same place at which such meeting is held (or in lieu of a place, by means of remote communication). Notice need not be given of regular meetings of the Board of Directors held at times fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. Any requirement of furnishing a notice shall be waived by any director who signs and delivers to the Corporation a waiver of notice before or after the meeting, or who attends the meeting without protesting, prior thereto or at its commencement, the lack of notice to the director. The notice of any meeting need not specify the purpose of the meeting, and any and all business may be transacted at such meeting. 
 Section 2.9 Conduct of Meetings . The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors, and in the Chairman s absence or inability to act, the Lead Independent Director, if any, shall preside, and in the Lead Independent Director s absence or inability to act, the President shall preside, and in the President s absence or inability to act, such person as may be chosen by a majority of the directors present shall preside. 
 Section 2.10 Committees . By resolution adopted by a majority of the entire Board of Directors, the directors may designate from their number one (1) or more directors to constitute an Executive Committee and other committees, each of which, to the extent provided in the resolution designating it, shall have the authority of the Board of Directors with the exception of any authority the delegation of which is prohibited by law. A majority of any such committee may determine its action and fix the time and place, if any, of its meetings, unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, to designate alternate members of, or to discharge any such committee. All actions of the Executive Committee shall be recorded in the minutes of such committee and reported to the Board of Directors at its meeting next succeeding such 
 14 
 
 5969255 

action. All actions of other committees shall be recorded in the minutes of each such committee and reported to the Board of Directors (or in the case of committees appointed by the Executive Committee, to the Executive Committee) at its meeting next succeeding such action. The Board of Directors may allow members of the Executive Committee or any other committee designated by the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee a fixed fee and expenses of attendance for attendance at meetings of such committee. Members of such committees may also receive stated fees for their services as committee members as determined by the Board of Directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any committee member from serving the Corporation in any other capacity as officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor. 
 Section 2.11 Compensation of Directors . The Board of Directors may, by resolution, provide for payment to directors of a fee for their services as directors, without regard for attendance at meetings of the Board, and for payment of expenses for attendance at such meetings. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as precluding any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity as member of a committee, officer, agent or otherwise and receiving compensation therefor. 
 Section 2.12 Honorary Directors . The Board of Directors may from time to time name, in its discretion, any director who shall have resigned or shall have declined nomination for a further term, an Honorary Director for such term as the Board of Directors by resolution shall establish. An Honorary Director may, at the invitation of the Chairman of the Board, attend meetings of the Board of Directors. Honorary Directors shall not be entitled to vote on any business coming before the Board of Directors nor shall any Honorary Director be counted for the purpose of determining the number necessary to constitute a quorum, for the purpose of determining whether a quorum is present or for any other purpose whatsoever. The termination of any person s relationship with the Corporation as Honorary Director shall not be deemed to create a vacancy in the position of Honorary Director. By resolution of the Board of Directors a fixed annual fee may be allowed to an Honorary Director. Honorary Directors shall not be directors of the Corporation and shall not have rights, privileges or powers other than those specifically provided in this Section 2.11 or as may be specifically given or assigned by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 2.13 Dividends . Subject always to the provisions of law and the Charter, the Board of Directors shall have full power to determine whether any, and if any, what part of any, funds legally available for the payment of dividends shall be declared as dividends and paid to the Corporation s shareholders the division of the whole or any part of such funds of the Corporation shall rest wholly within the lawful discretion of the Board of Directors, and neither the Board of Directors nor the Corporation shall be required at any time, against such discretion, to divide or pay any part of such funds among or to the shareholders as dividends or otherwise and before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall deem conducive to the interest of the Corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 
 Section 2.14 Resignation Removal of Directors . A director may resign at any time upon delivery of written notice to the Board of Directors, Chairman of the Board, Lead Independent Director, President or the Corporation. Such resignation shall be effective upon delivery unless the notice specifies a later effective date. At any special meeting of the shareholders, duly called as provided in these Bylaws, any director or directors may be removed from office by the shareholders, with or without cause, and such director s successor or 
 15 
 
 5969255 

directors successors may be elected at such meeting. Any director may be removed at any time for cause by an affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. 
 Section 2.15 Actions Without Meetings . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors or by any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if (A) each member of the Board of Directors or of any such committee signs a written consent describing the action to be taken, including each director s vote or abstention on the action and delivers such consent to the Corporation and (B) the action receives the affirmative vote of the number of directors that would be sufficient to authorize or take the action at a meeting of the board or committee. The resolution and the written consents thereto by the members of the Board of Directors or of any such committee shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or of any such committee. 
 Section 2.16 Electronic Communication . Any one or more members of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or any such committee by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment allowing all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time. Participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at a meeting. 
 Section 2.17 Electronic Transmission . Electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 
 
 ARTICLE III OFFICERS 
 Section 3.1 Election . The Board of Directors promptly after the election thereof held in each year, shall elect the officers of the Corporation, which shall include a President and a Secretary, and which may include a Chief Executive Officer, one (1) or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, and a Controller, and may also include Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers, Assistant Controllers and such other officers, agents and employees as the Board may from time to time deem proper, who shall hold their offices for such term and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall fix the salaries of the President, the Chief Executive Officer, the Vice Presidents, the Treasurer, the Controller and the Secretary. Unless fixed by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, the salaries of all other officers, agents and employees shall be fixed by the Chief Executive Officer. Any two (2) or more offices may be held by the same person except the offices of President and Secretary. 
 Section 3.2 Term . The term of office of all officers shall be until their respective successors have been elected and qualified, but any officer may be removed from office, either with or without cause, at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors. Any vacancy in any office arising from any cause may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3.3 Duties . The officers of the Corporation shall each have such powers and duties as are set forth in these Bylaws and such additional powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred upon them by the Board of Directors, and, subject thereto, such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, and the Board of Directors may from time to time impose and confer any or all of the powers and duties hereinafter specifically prescribed for any officer upon any other officer or officers. 
 16 
 
 5969255 

Section 3.4 Resignation Removal of Officers . An officer may resign at any time upon delivery of notice to the Corporation. Such resignation shall be effective upon delivery unless the notice specifies a later effective date. In the event that an officer specifies in his notice a later effective date, and the Corporation accepts the future effective date, the Board may fill the pending vacancy prior to the effective date provided, however, that the Board designates that the successor officer does not take office until such effective date. Any officer may be removed from office, either with or without cause, at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors. Further, any officer or assistant officer, if appointed by another officer, may likewise be removed by such officer. 
 Section 3.5 Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and direct the business, affairs and property of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall exercise the powers and perform the duties usual to a chief executive officer and shall have such other powers and duties as may be assigned to him or her from time to time by the Board of Directors. In the absence of a Chairman of the Board or a Lead Independent Director, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3.6 President . The President, in the absence of a Chairman of the Board, a Lead Independent Director or a Chief Executive Officer, shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and the Board of Directors at which he shall be present. The President shall be the Chief Operating Officer and shall direct the operations of the business of the Corporation, and report to the Chief Executive Officer. In the absence of a Chief Executive Officer, a Chairman of the Board or a Lead Independent Director, the President shall report directly to the Board of Directors. In the absence of a Chief Executive Officer, and in the event the Board of Directors has not vested such powers in a Chairman of the Board or a Lead Independent Director, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer. He shall have such other powers and duties as may be assigned to him from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3.7 Vice Presidents . The Vice Presidents shall be of such number and shall have such titles of designation as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. They shall perform such duties as may be assigned to them, respectively, from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3.8 Secretary . The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of shareholders and directors, and all other notices required by law or by these Bylaws, and in the case of his absence or refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may be given by any person thereunto directed by the Chairman of the Board, or by the directors or shareholders upon whose request the meeting is called as provided in these Bylaws. The Secretary shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of shareholders, the Board of Directors and Executive Committee in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to the Secretary by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. The Secretary shall have the custody of the records and the seal, if any, of the Corporation. The Secretary shall affix the seal, if any, to any instrument requiring it, when signed by a duly authorized officer or v hen specifically authorized by the Board of Directors or the Chairman of the Board, and attest the same. In the absence or incapacity of the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary may affix the seal, if any, to any such instrument and attest the same. 
 Section 3.9 Assistant Secretaries . The Assistant Secretaries shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as may be assigned to them from time to time by the Board of Directors the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. 
 Section 3.10 Treasurer . The Treasurer shall be responsible for establishing and executing programs providing for long and short term financing needs of the Corporation. The 
 17 
 
 5969255 

Treasurer shall establish policies for the receipt, custody and disbursement of the Corporation s monies and securities, and for investment of the Corporation s funds. The Treasurer shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her from time to time by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 3.11 Assistant Treasurers . The Assistant Treasurers shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as may be assigned to them from time to time by the Board of Directors the Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer. 
 Section 3.12 Controller . The Controller shall be responsible for the development and maintenance of accounting policies and systems properly to record, report and interpret the financial position and the results of operations of the Corporation. The Controller shall be responsible for development and maintenance of adequate plans for the financial control of operations and the protection of the assets of the Corporation. The Controller shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her from time to time by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 3.13 Assistant Controllers . The Assistant Controllers shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as may be assigned to them from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Controller. 
 Section 3.14 Presiding Officer at Meetings of the Shareholders and Board of Directors . The presiding officer at any meeting of the shareholders or the Board of Directors at which the Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director and the Chief Executive Officer are absent shall be the President, or such other officer designated to so preside by the Chairman of the Board or Lead Independent Director, if any. If the Chairman of the Board or Lead Independent Director, for any reason, shall not have designated any officer to preside at any such meeting, then the Chief Executive Officer or President shall preside. In the event that both the Chief Executive Officer and President shall be absent, then the Executive Vice President-Finance, if there be such an officer, and he is a member of the Board, shall preside. If the Executive Vice President-Finance shall also be absent or if there be no such officer, then the most senior (in terms of time served in the office of Executive Vice President) of the other Executive Vice Presidents, if there be such an officer, and he or she is a member of the Board, shall preside. 
 Section 3.15 Corporation as Security Holder . Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the President, or, in the event of the President s inability to act, the Vice President designated by the Board of Directors to act in the absence of the President or, in the absence of such designation, in the order of such Vice President s seniority, shall have full power and authority on behalf of the Corporation to attend and to act and to vote at any meetings of security holders of corporations in which the Corporation may hold securities, and at such meetings shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such securities, and which as the owner thereof the Corporation might have possessed and exercised, if present. The Board of Directors by resolution from time to time may confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 CERTIFICATED AND UNCERTIFICATED SHARES 
 
 Section 4.1 Share Certificates and Uncertificated Shares . The shares of the Corporation s stock may be certificated or un-certificated, as provided under the Business Corporation Act, and shall be entered in the books of the Corporation and registered as they are issued. Any certificates representing shares of stock shall be in such form as the Board of 
 18 
 
 5969255 

Directors shall prescribe, certifying the number and class of shares of the stock of the Corporation owned by the shareholder. Any certificates issued to any shareholder of the Corporation shall bear the name of the Corporation and state that it is organized under the laws of the State of Tennessee, the name of the shareholder, and the number and class (and the designation of the series, if any) of the shares represented. Where applicable, any certificate issued to any shareholder of the Corporation shall also either summarize the designations, relative rights, preferences, and limitations applicable to each class of stock and the variations in rights, preferences, and limitations determined for each series of stock (and the authority of the Board of Directors to determine variations for future series) or conspicuously state that the Corporation will furnish such information to the shareholder upon written request. Each certificate shall be signed either manually or by facsimile, by (i) the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, the President or a Vice President and (ii) by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, and shall be sealed with the seal of the Corporation or a facsimile thereof. If the person who signed a share certificate, either manually or in facsimile, no longer holds office when the certificate is issued, then the certificate is nevertheless valid. 
 Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of un-certificated stock, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice that shall set forth the name of the Corporation, that the Corporation is organized under the laws of the State of Tennessee, the name of the shareholder, the number and class (and the designation of the series, if any) of the shares represented, and any restrictions on the transfer or registration of such shares of stock imposed by the Corporation s Charter, these Bylaws, any agreement among shareholders or any agreement between shareholders and the Corporation. The written notice shall also set forth any the designations, relative rights, preferences, and limitations applicable to each class of stock and the variations in rights, preferences, and limitations determined for each series of stock (and the authority of the Board of Directors to determine variations for future series). 
 The Board of Directors shall have power and authority to make all such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of shares of the Corporation. 
 Section 4.2 Transfer of Shares . Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transferability of shares, if any, transfers of shares of the Corporation shall be made only on the share record of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by such holder s attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary of the Corporation or with a transfer agent or a registrar, if any, and upon the surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed and the payment of all taxes due thereon. A certificate representing shares shall not be issued until the full amount of consideration therefor has been paid, except as the Business Corporation Act may otherwise permit. Upon the receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of un-certificated shares, such un-certificated shares shall be cancelled, issuance of new equivalent un-certificated shares or certificated shares shall be made to the shareholder entitled thereto and the transaction shall be recorded upon the books of the Corporation. 
 Section 4.3 Fractional Shares . The Corporation may issue certificated or un-certificated shares for fractions of a share where necessary to effect transactions authorized by the Business Corporation Act which shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holder s fractional holdings, to exercise voting rights, receive dividends and participate in liquidating distributions or the Corporation may pay in cash the value of fractions of a share as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions is determined or it may issue scrip in registered or bearer form over the manual or facsimile signature of an officer of the Corporation or of its agent, exchangeable as therein provided for full shares, but such scrip shall not entitle the holder to any rights of a shareholder except as therein provided. 
 19 
 
 5969255 

Section 4.4 Replacement Certificates . Any person claiming a share certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed shall make an affidavit or affirmation of the fact in such manner as the Board of Directors may require and shall, if the Board of Directors so requires, give the Corporation a bond of indemnity in form and amount, and with one or more sureties satisfactory to the Board of Directors, as the Board of Directors may require, whereupon the Corporation may issue (i) a new certificate or certificates of stock or (ii) un-certificated shares in place of any certificate or certificates previously issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. 
 Section 4.5 Registered Shareholders . The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to, or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Tennessee. 
 
 ARTICLE V FISCAL YEAR 
 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE VI CORPORATE SEAL 
 The Corporation may, but shall not be required to, adopt a corporate seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation, and shall be in such form and contain such other words and or figures as the Board of Directors shall determine. The corporate seal may be used by printing, engraving, lithographing, stamping or otherwise making, placing or affixing, or causing to be printed, engraved, lithographed, stamped or otherwise made, placed or affixed upon any paper or document, by any process whatsoever, an impression, facsimile or other reproduction of such corporate seal. 
 
 ARTICLE VII INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 7.1 Right to Indemnification . The Corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person (the Indemnitee made or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding ), by reason of the fact that such person or such person s testator or intestate is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or serves or served at the request of the Corporation any other enterprise as a director, officer or employee. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, expenses incurred by any such person in defending any such action, suit or proceeding shall be paid or reimbursed by the Corporation promptly upon receipt by it of an undertaking of such person to repay such expenses if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation. The rights provided to any person by this Article VII shall be enforceable against the Corporation by such person who shall be presumed to have relied upon it in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer as provided above. The Corporation, in its sole discretion, may (but need not) provide its non-officer employees rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses to such extent and under such circumstances as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time. 
 20 
 
 5969255 

For purposes of this article, the term Corporation shall include any predecessor of the Corporation and any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed by the Corporation in a consolidation or merger the term other enterprise shall include any corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise service at the request of the Corporation shall include service as a director or officer of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to be indemnifiable expenses and action taken or omitted by a person with respect to an employee benefit plan which such person reasonably believes to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of such plan shall be deemed to be action not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation. 
 Section 7.2 Insurance, Contracts and Funding . The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance to protect itself and any Indemnitee against any expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement as specified in Section 7.1 or incurred by any Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding referred to in Section 7.1 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as then in effect and whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such Indemnitee against such expense, liability or loss under the Business Corporation Act. The Corporation may enter into contracts with any director or officer of the Corporation in furtherance of the provisions of this Article VII and may create a trust fund, grant a security interest or use other means (including, without limitation, a letter of credit) to ensure the payment of such amounts as may be necessary to effect indemnification as provided or authorized in this Article VII. 
 Section 7.3 Indemnification Not Exclusive Right . The right of indemnification provided in this Article VII shall not be exclusive of any other rights to which an Indemnitee may otherwise be entitled, and the provisions of this Article VII shall inure to the benefit of the heirs and legal representatives of any Indemnitee under this Article VII and shall be applicable to Proceedings commenced or continuing after the adoption of this Article VII, whether arising from acts or omissions occurring before or after such adoption. 
 Section 7.4 Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Article VII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article VII (including, without limitation, all portions of any paragraph of this Article VII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article VII (including, without limitation, all portions of any paragraph of this Article VII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 Section 7.5 Amendment . No amendment of this Article VII shall impair the rights of any person arising at any time with respect to events occurring prior to such amendment, it being understood that such person s rights hereunder vest immediately upon such person assuming the position of director or officer of the Corporation. In no case shall any amendment of this Article VII occur without thirty days advance written notice to all Indemnitees. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII GENERAL 
 Section 8.1 Financial Reports . The directors may appoint the Treasurer or other fiscal officer and or the Secretary or any other officer to cause to be prepared and furnished to 
 21 
 
 5969255 

shareholders entitled thereto any special financial notice and or financial statement, as the case may be, which may be required by any provision of law. 
 Section 8.2 Books and Records . The Corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records of account and shall keep minutes of the proceedings of the shareholders, of the Board of Directors, and or any committee which the directors may appoint, and shall keep at the office of the Corporation in the State of Tennessee or at the office of the transfer agent or registrar, if any, in such state, a record containing the names and addresses of all shareholders, the number and class of shares held by each, and the dates when such shareholders respectively became the owners of record thereof. Any of the foregoing books, minutes or records may be in written form or in any other form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable time. 
 
 ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS 
 An affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders entitled to vote in the election of directors may make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws and may adopt new Bylaws. Except as otherwise required by law, the Charter or by the provisions of these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may also make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws and adopt new Bylaws, but Bylaws adopted by the Board of Directors may be altered, amended or repealed by the Corporation s shareholders. 
 
 22 
 
 5969255 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.2>
 3
 fwrdexhibit422022.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF FORWARD AIR S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions Forward Air Corporation s securities that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). As of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, Forward Air Corporation (the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act Forward Air, Inc. s common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 General 
 
 The following description summarizes the rights of holders of the Company s capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you. For a complete description of the matters set forth in this Description of Capital Stock, you should refer to our Restated Charter (the Restated Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws, Amended and Restated Bylaws ), which are included, or incorporated by reference, as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to the applicable provisions of Tennessee law. Our authorized capital stock consists of 55,000,000 shares, of which 50,000,000 shares are designated common stock, 0.01 par value and 5,000,000 shares are designated preferred stock, 0.01 par value. As of December 31, 2019, 27,850,233 shares of our common stock were outstanding. We had no outstanding preferred stock. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol FWRD. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 Rights Related to Dividends and Distributions 
 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock that are outstanding at the time, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive, to the extent permitted by law and to the extent the Board of Directors shall determine, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors. Further, subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock that are outstanding at the time, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of the common stock shall be entitled to receive such of the remaining assets of the Company of whatever kind available for distribution to the extent the Board of Directors shall determine. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as may be otherwise required by law or by the Restated Charter, each holder of common stock has one vote in respect of each share of such stock held by such shareholder on all matters voted upon by the shareholders. 
 
 Preemptive Rights 
 
 No holder of our common stock has any preferential or preemptive right to subscribe for, purchase or receive any shares of stock of the Company of any class, now or hereafter authorized, or any options or warrants for such shares, or any rights to subscribe to or purchase such shares, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares, which may at any time or from time to time be issued, sold or offered for sale by the Company. 
 
 Description of Preferred Stock 
 
 Shares of our preferred stock may be divided and issued in one or more series at such time or times and for such consideration as the Board of Directors may determine, all shares of any one series is of equal rank and identical in all respects. The Board of Directors may determine the powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of such series, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions, thereof, to the full extent permitted by the laws of the State of Tennessee, which might include some or all of 
 
 the rate of dividends, if any, and whether such dividends shall be noncumulative, cumulative to the extent earned, or cumulative and, if cumulative, from which date or dates 

whether the shares will be redeemable and, if so, the terms and conditions of such redemption 
 whether there shall be a sinking fund for the redemption 
 the rights to which the holders of the shares shall be entitled in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, and the priority of payment of shares in any such event 
 whether the shares shall be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or any other series and the terms thereof and 
 all other preferences of any series of preferred stock in the same manner as provided for in the issuance of preferred stock, so long as no shares of such series are outstanding at such time. 
 
 The shares of preferred stock will have no voting power or voting rights with respect to any matter whatsoever, except as may be otherwise required by law or may be provided in any amendment to our Restated Charter creating the series of which such shares are a part. The Board of Directors is authorized to make any change in the designations, terms, limitations or relative rights or preferences of any series of preferred stock in the same manner as provided for in the issuance of preferred stock, so long as no shares of such series are outstanding at such time. 
 Election of Directors 
 Our Amended and Restated Bylaws, provide that each member of our board of directors is elected annually to a one year term and shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until such person s successor is elected and qualified. 
 Our Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide that the number of directors may be increased or decreased by action of the board of directors or shareholders. Vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by vote of the board of directors. The overall effect of these provisions may be to prevent a person or entity from seeking to acquire control of us through an increase in the number of directors on our board of directors and the election of designated nominees to fill newly created vacancies. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of our Restated Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Our Restated Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws have provisions that could have the effect of making it more difficult for somebody who wanted to take control of us to do so. They include 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements . A requirement that shareholders give advance notice of their intention to nominate candidates for election as directors (and produce the required information as set forth in our Amended and Restated Bylaws) or to bring other business before a meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Limit on Shareholder Ability to Nominate Candidates for Election as Directors or Call a Special Meeting of Shareholders. In order to be able to nominate a candidate for election or re-election to our Board of Directors or call a special meeting of shareholders, a person must prove eligibility to submit a shareholder proposal under paragraph (b) of Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor rule. 
 
 Requirement for Calling of Special Meetings of Shareholders . Special meetings of our shareholders may be called by shareholders only upon the proper written request of the holders of at least ten percent of all the issued and outstanding shares of any class entitled to vote on the action proposed to be taken. 
 
 Preferred Stock . Our Board of Directors is authorized to cause us to issue, without a shareholder vote, preferred stock, which could entitle holders to voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 
 
 Board Authority to Amend Bylaws . Our Board of Directors has the authority to make, alter, amend or repeal our Amended and Restated Bylaws without the approval of our shareholders, but our Amended and Restated Bylaws adopted by our Board of Directors may be altered, amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of our shareholders entitled to vote in the election of directors. 
 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

The Tennessee Business Corporation Act authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to companies and their shareholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties, under certain circumstances and subject to certain exceptions. Our Restated Charter includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability 

of directors for monetary damages to us or our shareholders for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Tennessee Business Corporation Act. Our Restated Charter provides that we shall have the power to indemnify any director, officer, employee, agent or any other person who is serving at our request in that capacity for another entity to the fullest extent permitted by Tennessee law. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws generally provide that we shall indemnify and pay or reimburse certain expenses, to our directors and officers and any person that served as a director, officer or employee of any other enterprise at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by law. We also are authorized to carry insurance to protect the Company and any director, officer and employee, to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 
 The Tennessee Business Corporation Act provides that a corporation may indemnify any of its directors and officers against liability incurred in connection with a proceeding if (a) such person acted in good faith (b) in the case of conduct in an official capacity with the corporation, the person reasonably believed such conduct was in the corporation s best interests (c) in all other cases, the person reasonably believed that the person s conduct was at least not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and (d) in connection with any criminal proceeding, such person had no reasonable cause to believe the person s conduct was unlawful. 
 
 In actions brought by or in the right of the corporation, however, the Tennessee Business Corporation Act provides that no indemnification may be made if the director or officer was adjudged to be liable to the corporation. The Tennessee Business Corporation Act also provides that in connection with any proceeding charging improper personal benefit to an officer or director, no indemnification may be made if such officer or director is adjudged liable on the basis that such personal benefit was improperly received. 
 
 Tennessee Anti-Takeover Statutes 
 Under the Tennessee Business Combination Act and subject to certain exceptions, corporations that have elected to be subject to the Tennessee Business Combination Act may not engage in any business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of five years after the date on which the person became an interested shareholder unless the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder is approved by the corporation's board of directors prior to the date the interested shareholder attained that status. 
 Business combinations for this purpose generally include 
 mergers, consolidations, or share exchanges 
 sales, leases, exchanges, mortgages, pledges, or other transfers of assets representing 10 or more of the aggregate market value of consolidated assets, the aggregate market value of our outstanding shares, or our consolidated net income 
 transactions which result in the issuances or transfers of shares from us to the interested shareholder 
 the adoption of plans of liquidation or dissolution proposed by the interested shareholder 
 transactions in which the interested shareholder's proportionate share of the outstanding shares of any class of securities is increased or 
 financing arrangements pursuant to which the interested shareholder, directly or indirectly, receives a benefit, except proportionately as a shareholder. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, an interested shareholder generally is a person who, together with his or her affiliates and associates, owns, or within five years did own, 10 or more of our outstanding voting stock. 
 After the five-year moratorium, a corporation subject to the foregoing may complete a business combination if the transaction complies with all applicable requirements of our Restated Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws and applicable Tennessee law and 
 is approved by the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not beneficially owned by the interested shareholder or 
 meets certain fair price criteria set forth in the Tennessee Business Combination Act 
 We have elected to not be subject to the Tennessee Business Combination Act. We can give no assurance that we will or will not elect, through a charter or bylaw amendment, to be governed by the Tennessee Business Combination Act in the future. 
 We also have not elected to be governed by the Tennessee Control Share Acquisition Act which prohibits certain shareholders from exercising in excess of 20 of the voting power in a corporation acquired in a control share acquisition unless such voting rights have been previously approved by the disinterested shareholders. We can give no assurance that we will or will not elect, through a charter or bylaw amendment, to be governed by the Tennessee Control Share Acquisition Act in the future. 

The Tennessee Greenmail Act prohibits us from purchasing or agreeing to purchase any of our securities, at a price in excess of fair market value, from a holder of 3 or more of our securities who has beneficially owned such securities for less than two years, unless the purchase has been approved by a majority of the outstanding shares of each class of our voting stock or we make an offer of at least equal value per share to all holders of shares of such class. The Tennessee Greenmail Act may make a change of control more difficult. 
 The Tennessee Investor Protection Act applies to tender offers directed at corporations that have substantial assets in Tennessee and that are either incorporated in or have a principal office in Tennessee. Pursuant to the Investor Protection Act, no offeror shall make a takeover offer for an offeree company if the offeror beneficially owns 5 or more of any class of equity securities of the offeree company, any of which was purchased within one year prior to the proposed tender offer, unless the offeror, before making such purchase (1) makes a public announcement of his or her intention with respect to changing or influencing the management or control of the offeree company (2) makes a full, fair and effective disclosure of such intention to the person from whom he or she intends to acquire such securities and (3) files with the Tennessee Commissioner of Commerce and Insurance (the Commissioner ), and the offeree company a statement signifying such intentions and containing such additional information as may be prescribed by the Commissioner. When the offeror intends to gain control of the offeree company, the registration statement must indicate any plans the offeror has for the offeree. The Commissioner may require additional information concerning the takeover offer and may call for hearings. The Investor Protection Act does not apply to an offer that the offeree company's board of directors recommends to shareholders. 
 In addition to requiring the offeror to file a registration statement with the Commissioner, the Tennessee Investor Protection Act requires the offeror and the offeree company to deliver to the Commissioner all solicitation materials used in connection with the tender offer. The Investor Protection Act prohibits fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative acts or practices by either side and gives the Commissioner standing to apply for equitable relief to the Chancery Court of Davidson County, Tennessee, or to any other chancery court having jurisdiction whenever it appears to the Commissioner that the offeror, the offeree company or any of their respective affiliates has engaged in or is about to engage in a violation of the Investor Protection Act. Upon proper showing, the chancery court may grant injunctive relief. The Investor Protection Act further provides civil and criminal penalties for violations. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 fwrdex2112022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 FORWARD AIR CORPORATION 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 State of Incorporation FAF, Inc. Tennessee Forward Air, Inc. Tennessee Forward Air Solutions, Inc. Tennessee Central States Trucking Co. Delaware Central States Logistics, Inc. Illinois TQI Holdings, Inc. Delaware 
 
 FORWARD AIR, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 State of Incorporation Forward Air Royalty, LLC Delaware Forward Air Technology and Logistics Services, Inc. Tennessee FACSBI, LLC Delaware Towne Holdings, LLC Delaware Synergy Cargo Logistics, Inc. California TAF, LLC Indiana Towne Air Freight, LLC Indiana Forward Air Services, LLC Delaware Forward Air Final Mile, LLC Tennessee 
 
 TQI HOLDINGS, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 State of Incorporation Forward Air Logistics Services, Inc. Michigan TQI, Inc. Michigan 

FAF, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 State of Incorporation FFM, LLC Tennessee 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 fwrdex2312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-151198) pertaining to the Forward Air Corporation Amended and Restated Stock Option and Incentive Plan, 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-134294) pertaining to the Forward Air Corporation 2006 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, 
 3. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-125872) pertaining to the Forward Air Corporation 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 4. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-120250) pertaining to the Forward Air Corporation 2000 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Award, 
 5. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-120249) pertaining to the Forward Air Corporation Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as amended, and the Forward Air Corporation 1999 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended, 
 6. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-94249) pertaining to the Forward Air Corporation 1999 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, 
 7. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211256) pertaining to the Forward Air Corporation 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan and the Forward Air Corporation Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Plan 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Forward Air Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Forward Air Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Forward Air Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Atlanta, GA 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 fwrdex3112022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)) 
 
 I, Thomas Schmitt, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Forward Air Corporation, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Forward Air Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 s Thomas Schmitt Thomas Schmitt President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 fwrdex3122022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)) 
 
 I, Rebecca J. Garbrick, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Forward Air Corporation, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Forward Air Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our 
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 s Rebecca J. Garbrick Rebecca J. Garbrick Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 fwrdex3212022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forward Air Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Thomas Schmitt, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 s Thomas Schmitt Thomas Schmitt President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Forward Air Corporation and will be retained by Forward Air Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 fwrdex3222022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forward Air Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Rebecca J. Garbrick, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 s Rebecca J. Garbrick Rebecca J. Garbrick Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Forward Air Corporation and will be retained by Forward Air Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 fwrd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 fwrd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 fwrd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 fwrd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 fwrd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

