<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1070050_0001903596-23-000201.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4029418</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141448</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>781772</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1067815</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>856102</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1080381</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001903596-23-000201.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320060252
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001903596-23-000201
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AppTech Payments Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001070050
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				650847995
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39158
		FILM NUMBER:		23744832

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5876 OWENS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(760) 707-5955

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5876 OWENS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AppTech Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Natural Nutrition Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CSI Business Finance, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001903596-23-000201.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 apcx_10k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

7389 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Luke D Angelo 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 5876 Owens Avenue 

 Suite 100 

 Carlsbad, California 92008 

 (760) 707-5959 

(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of agent for service) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

1 

 Table of Contents 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of
the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of June
30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s last completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately , based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock,
on June 30, 2022, as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market. For the purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by each
executive officer, director and stockholder known by the registrant to be affiliated with such individuals based on public filings and
other information known to the registrant have been excluded since such persons may be deemed affiliates. This determination of affiliate
status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of March 20,
2023, the registrant had 
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

AppTech Payments Corp. 

 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Part
I 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Projections 
 4 
 
 Item
1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item
1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 
 Item
2. 
 Properties 
 12 
 
 Item
3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 
 Item
4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 

Part
II 

Item
5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 
 
 Item
6. 
 Reserved 
 13 
 
 Item
7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item
7A. 
 Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 20 
 
 Item
8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 
 
 Item
9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 20 
 
 Item
9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item
9B. 
 Other Information 
 21 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that 
 21 

Part
III 

Item
10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 22 
 
 Item
11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 22 
 
 Item
12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 
 
 Item
13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 23 
 
 Item
14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 23 

Part
IV 

Item
15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 
 24 
 
 Item
16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 24 

Index to Financial Statements 
 25 
 
 Exhibit
Inde 
 50 
 
 Signatures 
 53 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
AND PROJECTIONS 

Various statements in this report of AppTech Payments
Corp. are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report
regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives
of management are forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on information currently
available to our management. Words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, plan, contemplates, predict, project, 
 target, likely, potential, continue, ongoing, will, 
 would, should, could, or the negative of these terms and similar expressions or words, identify
forward-looking statements. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not occur and actual results
could differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements. 

You should not place undue reliance on forward looking
statements. The cautionary statements set forth in this prospectus identify important factors which you should consider in evaluating
our forward-looking statements. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

uncertainty
 associated with anticipated launch of our text payment platform and other potential advanced
 payment solutions we intend to launch in the future; 

substantial
 investment and costs associated with new potential revenue streams and their corresponding
 contractual obligations; 

dependence
 on third-party channel and referral partners, who comprise a significant portion of our sales
 force, for gaining new clients; 

a
 slowdown or reduction in our sales in due to a reduction in end user demand, unanticipated
 competition, regulatory issues, or other unexpected circumstances; 

uncertainty
 regarding adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, a recession, changes to
 fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, consumer confidence and
 spending, and high unemployment; 

dependence
 on third-party payment processors to facilitate our merchant services capabilities; 

delay
 in or failure to obtain regulatory approval of our text payment system or any future products
 in additional countries; 

current
 and future laws and regulations; and 

general
 economic uncertainty associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, its unpredictable duration, in
 regions where we have customers, employees and distributors and the possibility that the
 economic impact will lead to changes in how consumers make purchases that we are unable to
 monetize. 

All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable
to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred
to in this section. We caution investors not to rely too heavily on the forward-looking statements we make or that are made on our behalf.
We undertake no obligation and specifically decline any obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. Please see, however, any further disclosures we make on related subjects in any annual,
quarterly or current reports that we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

4 

 Table of Contents 

We encourage you to read the discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and our consolidated financial statements contained both in our Form S-1 that was filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2022 and in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There can be no assurance that we will in fact achieve
the actual results or developments we anticipate or, even if we do substantially realize them, that they will have the expected consequences
to, or effects on, us. Therefore, we can give no assurances that we will achieve the outcomes stated in those forward-looking statements
and estimates. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words AppTech Payments, we, us, the registrant 
or the Company refer to AppTech Payments Corp. 

Item 1. Business 

Business Overview 

The financial services industry is going through a
period of intensive change driven by the advancement of technology and the rapid rise of contactless transactions due to societal changes,
in part, as a response to COVID-19. End-users expect ease of use and an enhanced user experience in all their daily financial interactions.
In this rapidly evolving digital marketplace, businesses have broad and frequently changing requirements to meet consumer expectations
and operational efficiencies to maintain their competitive edge. 

To survive and succeed in this environment, businesses
need to adopt new technologies to engage, communicate and process payments and manage payouts with their customers from a supplier that
widely supports innovation and adaptation as the industry evolves. We believe our technologies will greatly increase the adoption of omni-channel
payments and digital banking solutions in sectors that must quickly adapt and migrate to new, secure digital Fintech technologies. By
embracing advancements in the payment and banking industries, we are well-positioned to meet the growing needs of existing and prospective
clients and intend for our current and future products to be at the forefront of solving these accelerated market needs. 

 AppTech s
 all-new, innovative Fintech platform, Commerse officially launched in
 October 2022. The platform delivers best-in-class
 financial technologies and capabilities through an ever-evolving modular cloud/edge-based
 architecture. The Commerse platform houses a large array of financial products and services
 that can be implemented off-the-shelf or customized via modern APIs. Within its Commerse
 platform, AppTech offers three primary products: Payments-as-a-Service PaaS ),
 Banking-as-a-Service BaaS ), and Commerce-as-a-Service CXS ). 

Commerse provides PaaS via integrated solutions for
frictionless digital and mobile payment acceptance. These solutions provide advanced payment processing solutions for credit cards, ACH,
and gift/loyalty cards by catering to the unique needs of each merchant. PaaS will also solve for multi-use case, multi-channel, API-driven,
account-based issuer processing for card, digital tokens, and payment transfer transactions. 

AppTech is positioned to further accelerate digital
transformation through BaaS, layered with financial management tools that empower financial institutions to provide businesses, professionals,
and individuals with the ability to better manage their finances anywhere, anytime at a fraction of the cost of traditional banking and
financial services. BaaS creates an ecosystem of immersive and scalable digital financial management services backed by Mastercard 
Visa processing certifications. 

Commerse has a flexible architecture to allow for
rich, personalized payment and banking experiences. This first-to-market, cloud-based CXS platform packages together elements of AppTech s
intellectual property, BaaS, PaaS and other related technologies to create seamless interactions throughout the customer journey. 

The platform also incorporates AppTech s core,
patented text payment and geofence triggered ecommerce and/or advertising via cell phone capabilities delivering experiences that focus
on frictionless use cases and end-users desire for payment transaction simplicity, control, and comfort. The Company believes that these
features will be particularly beneficial for unbanked and under-banked in developing or emerging markets where access to the internet
on a mobile device and modern banking institutions may not be readily available. Particularly by extending merchants marketplace
capabilities via new channels to request and receive frictionless, digital payments and engaging end-users by utilizing a familiar, convenient,
and widely adopted technology. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

AppTech s innovative Commerse platform delivers
scalable solutions for automated and embedded, customizable business and consumer experiences. These experiences propel business growth,
create value and drive operational efficiencies for businesses while providing economic convenience for end users. 

Corporate
Information 

AppTech Corp. reincorporated in Delaware on December
23, 2021 and changed its name to AppTech Payments Corp. The Company s principal executive offices are located at 5876 Owens Avenue,
Suite 100, Carlsbad, California 92008. Its phone number is (760) 707-5959. Its web site address is www.apptechcorp.com.
AppTech does not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this prospectus. AppTech has included our website
address in this prospectus solely as an inactive textual reference. 

Industry Background 

The financial technology
and payment processing industries are an integral part of today s worldwide financial structure. The electronic payments industry
is massive, with growth fueled by powerful long-term trends that continue to increase the acceptance and use of electronic payments compared
to paper-based payments. According to The Nilson Report, purchase volume on credit, debit and prepaid cards in the United States is estimated
to reach nearly 10.4 trillion by 2027, a compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of 6.1 . [1] 

According to American
Banker, the banking and financial services incumbents are failing to compete on customer experience, which is a weakness Fintechs are
very successfully exploiting. [2] In fact, based on a 2019 PricewaterhouseCoopers Global Fintech Report, industry executives
believe that 25 or more of their business could be at risk of being lost to standalone Fintechs within five years. [3] Furthermore,
according to Allied Market Research, the global digital banking platform market size is projected to reach 10.87 billion by 2027, growing
at a CAGR of 13.6 from 2020 to 2027. [4] All of this research and expert opinion provides a clear picture of the opportunities
ahead for Fintechs that can provide innovative commerce solutions and experiences that resonate with clients, their customers and the
market as a whole. 

According to a Walker
report, customer experience will overtake price and product features as the key brand differentiator this year. Moreover, according to
research from PricewaterhouseCoopers, an immersive and engaging customer experience drives more customer spending. [5] In
fact, 86 of buyers are willing to pay more when immersed in a great customer experience Experience outweighs cost. 

The payment processing
industry continues to evolve rapidly based on the application of new technology and changing customer needs. Changes in technology have
allowed for new payment methods, such as mobile and contactless payments, which is driving demand for new innovative solutions to meet
consumer expectations. This results in businesses increasingly being required to deliver new, convenient methods of interacting with
their customers to ensure loyalty and repeat business. As consumers continue to integrate mobile devices into their lives, there will
be increased demand to conduct business on these devices. According to Global Industry Analysts, the global mobile payment market was
valued at 1,449.56 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach over 5,399.6 billion in 2026 with growth at a CAGR of 24.5 over the forecast
period (2021 2026). [6] 

GSMA Intelligence reported
in 2019 that globally, there are more than 9.2 billion mobile connections and 5.1 billion mobile subscribers with text messaging capabilities. [7]
 Statista asserted that just over 3.9 billion of these devices have access to mobile internet. [8] 

[1] Nilson
Report Payment Cards in the U.S. Projected, October 2020. 

 [2] American
Banker and Monigle, Humanizing the Bank Customer Experience, 2021. 

 [3] PricewaterhouseCoopers,
LLP Global Fintech Report, 2019. 

 [4] Allied Market Research Digital Banking Platform
Market Size to Hit 10.87 Billion by 2027, at 13.6 CAGR, October 2020. 

 [5] Walker Resources Customers 2020: A Progress Report. 

 [6] Global Industry Analysts Consumer Mobile
Payments Global Market Trajectory and Analytics, October 2021. 

 [7] GSM Association The State
of Mobile Internet Connectivity 2019. 

 [8] Statista Research Department Mobile Internet
Usage Worldwide Statistics and Facts, July 2021. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Our Competitive Strengths 

We believe our adaptable technology stack and product
offerings differentiate us from our competitors. Our products and solutions help to eliminate much of our sector s reliance on legacy
payment rails and financial systems. The design and delivery are not being restricted by antiquated foundational technology. Management
believes the applicability and frictionless nature of our products will offer an immediate impact on the digital financial services industry.
Further, the solutions we intend to deliver to our clients will be driven off user-centered design principles to providing seamless, best-in-class
experiences to the end-user. 

Digital transformation is complex for most companies
sighting such concerns around shifting company culture, legacy systems, rigidity of platforms and processes, inefficiencies in skill sets
and knowledge. Additionally, even when these companies see the value in digital transformation, often these companies face an inability
to properly shift resources to new technology while maintaining customers on existing platforms. Non-discretionary spend required to keep
the lights on outweighs leadership s ability to invest in future technology, which results in vulnerabilities and competitive
threats. 

Our financial services platform will empower our clients
with an extensible, adaptable framework capable of dynamically solving challenges found across the financial services industry. Further,
this ability will allow us to drive deeply and expediently into specific market segments to solve problems that we find to be a continued
burden on our client s and their customer base. Based on market, client and end-user research and discovery, it is expected that
these unique solutions produced for client s will be highly leverageable across these segments to deliver experiences at scale while
producing rapid revenue and profitability. 

As we increase our client base and deployment of solutions
to meet our client s specifications, we ll continue to grow these off-the-shelf experiences that will ultimately
lower our development costs while increasing speed to market. In addition, we are positioned to utilize this model to grow industry partnerships
and app marketplace plugins thus further leveraging our capabilities and market reach. 

Founded on a modern core platform backed by an intelligent
financial technology framework, our ability to rapidly deploy solutions and experiences that are otherwise cumbersome, expensive and often
fall short of expectations will prove successful. Once launched, our position is to penetrate deep into certain segments to build a model
that will directly drive growth. Gaining robust insights in these segments while delivering best-in-class experiences will also produce
future opportunities to expand our off-the-shelf solutions to other verticals or sub-verticals that are challenged with solving similar
problems. 

While our core foundational platform will continue
to adapt and grow based on new innovations, we are launching into the market an extremely robust and innovative set of secure digital
banking and payments features and functionality. This will allow us to quickly deliver the future of digital finance to meet the demands
of the markets we intend to serve without the deployment burdens encumbering the market today. 

Additionally, the patent protection for some of our
products is uncommon within the Fintech industry. This protection prevents competitors from replicating our products to carve away at
our anticipated market share. Therefore, backing our text payment and lead generation products with patents strengthens the viability
of such products by limiting direct competition and strengthening strategic partnerships. It is expected that we will also expand our
patent portfolio through new innovations and acquisitions. 

Our patent protected text payment system s anticipated
capabilities also set us apart. By creating a product that permits mobile payments without the need for a data plan, internet or an application
-after an initial account is established-, we will have the unique ability to extend our customer base to target unbanked and underbanked
individuals primarily in developing or emerging markets. Integrating consumers that are not traditionally included in the payment space
will allow us to have a larger potential market than many of our competitors. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Our Growth Strategy 

We intend to grow by leveraging our existing IP, continually
developing products and solutions, establishing strategic partnerships and seeking selective acquisitions that uniquely complement our
core business to meet growing market demand. From traditional merchant accounts to customizable inbound and outbound payment solutions,
we intend to modernize and enhance the payment processing and digital banking capabilities for businesses throughout the world. Our business
objective is to generate revenue based on licensing and subscription fees, transactional processing fees, product line growth, and continual
advancement of our IP portfolio. 

Our target market is forward-thinking financial institutions,
technology companies, and SMEs seeking to broaden their distribution through the addition of digital omnichannel payments and digital
banking technologies. We will serve these markets by reducing integration complexity and streamlining their integrated financial services
capabilities. 

SMEs generally lack the resources of large enterprises
to invest heavily in technology. As a result, they are more dependent on service providers, like AppTech, to handle critical functions
including payment acceptance and other support services and are likely to be early adopters of new services that will further increase
their efficiency and drive growth. Additionally, we are targeting financial institutions looking to maintain their ability to compete
by digitizing their financial services offerings to meet market demand. By enhancing their customer s user experience through the
development of innovative and user centric multi-channel, multi-currency, digital financial products, they will be able to maintain customer
loyalty. 

We intend to support a multi-method distribution model
to achieve our vision. By providing delivery flexibility, we can rapidly engage and develop the right go-to-market strategies. As previously
mentioned, not only are off-the-shelf solutions available, but we also offer embedded experiences that can be deployed using a growing
portfolio of Open and Private APIs for developers to build unique experiences based on business cases and requirements. 

Further, by offering clients a full array of marketing
technology services, omnichannel payments and digital banking technologies, we will enable them to better interact with their customers
and provide additional, dynamic means of processing both inbound and outbound financial transactions. 

Businesses financial technology needs are increasingly
complex. As electronic and mobile commerce continues to grow, businesses have no alternative but to use technology to better meet customer s
expectations. We believe that delivering innovative, adaptive, scalable, and operationally efficient products that meet their financial
services needs will result in rapid market penetration for our anticipated products launches. 

While leveraging new technology is vital to our growth
plan, it is equally important that the technology is relevant and seamlessly fits into and benefits our end-user s daily lives.
Consumers are sometimes reluctant to alter their typical routines, especially when it relates to financial services. The anticipated launch
of our text payment system and broader digital banking and payments solutions will meet both needs. We will offer financial technologies
that do not rely on legacy rails, thus increasing the opportunity to improve the end-user s digital experiences. Once properly developed
and rolled out, we anticipate rapid adoption. 

We seek to grow our business by pursuing the following
strategies: 

Increasing
 our customer base by offering unique and compelling, patent protected technology solutions; 

Driving
 growth in our merchant services business through new and flexible technologies, including
 our secure text payment system, that will enable our customers to adapt to a rapidly changing
 marketplace; 

Rolling-out
 our API-driven, account-based, issuer processing solution for card, digital token, and payment
 transfer transactions that will enable us to target multi-currency and multi-channel digital
 banking and embedded B2B payment opportunities; 

Providing
 advanced technology to our clients to engage end-users via lead generation and text marketing
 services to enable businesses to better communicate with their customers and integrate our
 full suite of products; 

Maintaining
 technological leadership by continuing to innovate and improve our scalable, extensible,
 cloud-based technology; 

Pursuing
 strategic acquisitions, investments, or partnerships to complement and bolster our suite
 of Fintech products; 

Creating
 cross-selling synergies through white-labeling or SaaS distribution enabling us to provide
 a holistic suite of products and services to financial institutions, technology companies,
 and SMEs; 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Our market growth strategies will focus on the following
elements: (1) new product development and delivery (2) market penetration (3) market expansion (4) IP, strategic acquisitions, and partnerships. 

It is imperative that upon entrance into the market
with the new platform, we focus on delivering an enhanced experience to our existing digital client base. As we roll this out, we will
also continue discussions with our current and continually evolving pipeline of prospects to understand these opportunities and the value
that we can bring to solve their needs. This strategy also provides growth opportunities with these clients, increases customer satisfaction
and potential referrals, and produces valuable feedback into our product prioritization and roadmap. 

Maintaining focus to deliver our technology to selective
target market segments also allows us to deliver a deeper, more targeted set of solutions and experiences. In turn this will grow our
knowledge within these select segments that will translate into further innovation and market penetration. 

This continual development process will contribute
to our overall strategy of delivering new, innovative technologies and solutions. It is expected that bringing these to market will expand
opportunities in complimentary and new market segments. Given the Platform s flexibility and a la carte capabilities, adapting these
solutions and delivering new experiences is a core tenant to growth. 

In addition, core to our values and strategy is the
opportunity for growth through intellectual property. This is inclusive of the existing patent portfolio while also coupled with future
innovation. It is also important to continually evaluate new technologies, market entrants and complimentary solutions to ensure continued
growth. We expect that this will include strategic acquisitions of complimentary offerings and portfolio customers, while also focusing
on strategic partnerships where we find synergy in our vision. 

With years of Fintech experience and a deep understanding
of the industry, management believes we can leverage this expertise, industry contacts and past clients to accelerate market penetration.
Engaging individuals with the ability to integrate our products may prove invaluable. Further, through our channel partnerships, we have
an expansive network of potential clients that continue to show interest in our strategy and opportunity to embed our financial technologies
into their solutions. 

Management believes there are substantial opportunities
in emerging and developing markets for our anticipated products. Our mobile payment and digital banking solutions offer innovative avenues
to unbanked and underbanked communities to transact and provide remittances. Further, since internet connectivity is not required for
our text payment solution, individuals with limited internet access will still be able to transact. These two factors could open our products
to markets with immense growth potential. 

With our in-house expertise and our internationally
experienced and proven team of subject matter experts via our partnership with Infinios Financial Services BSC s (formally NEC Payments
B.S.C.), we are focused on resources on delivering growth using the strategies described above. Both teams operate together in full confidence
that the business is being powered by innovative technology IP running on robust, secure and scalable cloud infrastructure. We expect
to continue the innovative development of the core platform while also developing alongside targeted market segments and clients to deliver
productized, secure and scalable solutions and experiences. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Our Products and Services 

We are developing and preparing to deploy a digital-first
Fintech platform that empowers financial institutions and enterprise brands to deliver best-of-breed B2B and B2C experiences
through our revolutionary platform and deployment model. Our modular platform will seamlessly integrate with legacy and cloud platforms
to power a multitude of commerce experiences, including digital payments, financial wellness and more. 

Merchant Services 

Our core historical business is merchant transaction
services. We create revenue by processing payments for credit and debit cards via POS (point of sale) equipment, e-commerce gateways,
periodic ACH (automatic clearing house) payments and gift loyalty programs. We currently support over 100 merchants representing
dozens of market verticals in managing their financial transactions. 

Each merchant has unique needs for payment processing.
As a result, we have a variety of processing partners to meet each merchant s requirements. In addition to these needs, we take
into consideration certain aspects of each business in choosing the optimal processing partner including risk, volume, customer service,
integration capabilities, product features and profitability. 

Our processing partners include Total Systems Services TSYS )/Global Payments., JetPay an NCR Payment Solutions Company, Harbortouch Payments a Shift4 Company, Cynergy Data/Priority
Payments Systems Group, FIS, Nuvei, and Cardconnect/Fiserv Inc., with each providing products and services that meet each of our merchants 
needs. Currently, our partners manage our backend payment processing needs in addition to managing risk and compliance on our behalf.
Through the implementation of our proprietary payment processing protocols as we grow our customer base and technology, we expect to manage
the risk and compliance ourselves, which will increase our margins on each transaction processed. 

Digital Financial Technology Platform consisting
of Omnichannel Payments and Digital Banking 

To power commerce experiences, our digital financial
technology platform (the Platform is being, in part, licensed from Infinios and incorporates two distinct product pillars:
(1) omnichannel payments featuring patented SMS text payment technology and (2) digital banking capabilities including multi-currency
solutions, hyper-segmented savings accounts, buy now, pay later BNPL and next generation card issuance. The omnichannel
payments pillar will consist of several stand-alone solutions, including hosted ecommerce checkout, a flexible payment gateway, patented
text payment technology, digital wallets, alternative payment methods (APMs), as well as mobile and contactless payments. The Platform s
digital banking pillar will supply financial institutions with technology to give their customers businesses, professionals, and
individuals the ability to better manage their finances anywhere, anytime and at a fraction of the cost of traditional banking and financial
services. 

Developing and deploying embedded commerce experiences
runs atop the Platform stack. This will include 1) open and private payment and digital banking APIs, 2) select third-party APIs centered
on personalization and automation, 3) UI/UX blueprints and design assets 4) online collaboration and development tools, and 5) optional
professional services engagement and support. 

Similar to experience-focused offerings, our Platform
powers immersive content, conversion, marketing automation, payment, and value transfer capabilities for nearly every online and offline
shopping, banking, and financial services scenario. Additionally, our Platform experiences can be taken off-the-shelf or tapped into via
modern APIs to build and embed fully branded and customizable experiences. 

In many cases, our products and services are both
available off-the-shelf or through embedded commerce experiences. For example, our patented text payment capabilities can be licensed
off-the-shelf, so our clients can take advantage of quick market entry while doing this without any lifting or technical requirements.
Alternatively, text payment capabilities and feature sets are available via our open APIs so businesses can embed and customize the experience,
i.e. alter the onboarding experience and subscription triggers. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

We believe text payment s simple payment process
has widespread application and potential for widespread adoption by mobile users because it utilizes a technology many end users are
comfortable with and use daily. The process is quick and user-friendly allowing businesses to simply expand their payment receiving capabilities.
The integration of direct, reliable, instant, and familiar text messaging with secure payments is a vital step in how we believe we bridge
the gap between Fintech and mobile wireless systems. 

Our white-label , digital banking technology
platform with payment capabilities will equip financial institutions (Fis), technology providers and brands with a digital bank-in-a-box 
 also referred to as our Banking-as-a-Service (BaaS) product. Furthermore, our Platform will enable multi-channel, multi-currency,
pure digital financial services products unlike many other providers in the world. It incorporates a plug-and-play capability
to facilitate deep integration with payment gateways, POS merchant services, alternative payment mechanisms, open-banking, ERP Enterprise
Resource Planning ), CRM and web and mobile user interfaces to form an end-to-end, embedded, payment acceptance and digital banking
solution that drives innovative and disruptive digital distribution products. Anticipated products include: 

Neo-Banking for consumers and SMEs; 

Embedded B2B and consumer virtual payments (VCNs); 

Multi-currency money management and P2P money transfer; 

Payroll, expenses, management and B2C and G2C disbursements; 

Treasury management; 

Gift, incentive and reward programs for retail, wholesale and employee benefits; 

Any other product that requires a prepaid or credit balance to be held and transacted upon. 

Other attributes to our Platform will include: 

Patented Technology including a Text-to-Pay patent that enables B2B, B2C and P2P payments via SMS, mobile push, email and other forms of embedded links. Combined with four mobile-to-computer messaging and lead generation patents, we can enable financial institutions, technology companies and businesses to unlock innovative customer experiences. 

Personalization and User Experience are also at the core of our Platform. Through marketing automation capabilities, our Platform will provide an industry first online-to-offline customer attribution capability. Licensees of our Platform will be able to link their customer s online behavior to their buying preferences in real-time in order to personalize the selling and buying experience, streamline checkout and improve conversion rates. 

Automation is delivered through our APIs to unlock automated financial transactions and customer experiences. For example, our Platform can be simply configured to create many types of automated customer benefits and incentives including instant cashback or added-value promotions. Further, our Platform will be easily leverageable to create similar money saving experiences like round ups, i.e., rounding to the nearest dollar and depositing the difference between the purchase price and round-up into a digital bank account. 

Integration and Embedded Payments are central functions of our Platform. As such, we offer developers and enterprises an open platform with flexible rest APIs to build new payment and financial transaction features in SaaS and cloud apps, or create compelling new digital financial services user experiences from scratch. 

Our Platform continues to be developed including integration,
testing and proper technical certifications before market readiness and client delivery. Management began beta testing the platform at
the end of the fourth quarter of 2022. We expect that our Platform will continue to evolve as discussed to continually provide ongoing
improvements, new features and functions and improved opportunities to deliver best in class experiences to the markets we serve. 

Employees 

As of the date of this annual report, we have twenty-three
full-time employees. In addition to our employees, we utilize various consultants and contractors for other services on an as-needed basis. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our headquarters is located at 5876 Owens Avenue,
Suite 100, Carlsbad, Ca 92008, consisting of approximately 3,000 square feet of office space. Our lease on this facility expires in February
2025. We anticipate that following the expiration of the lease, during the term of the current lease, depending on various factors, we
will be able to lease or purchase additional or alternative space at commercially reasonable terms. 

In September 2022, the Company opened a new office
in Austin s emerging tech hub to expand operations and foster growth. The one year lease is 11
thousand. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

On December 19, 2019, the Company entered into a settlement
and release agreement with two shareholders. The total obligation was for 240 thousand and the final payment was made in March 2022.
The litigants are now paid in full and no further action is warranted by the Company. 

In July 2020, Flowpay Corporation, a Delaware corporation Flowpay ), and R. Wayne Steiger, the President of Flowpay, having a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding MOU filed a lawsuit against AppTech Payments Corp. (formally AppTech Corp. in the County of San Diego, State of California.
The claims included breach of contract, intentional misrepresentation, negligent misrepresentation, and unjust enrichment. Management
believes the non-binding MOU terminated after no definite agreement was executed between the parties, and negotiations ceased December
20, 2016. On May 19, 2022, AppTech entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with Flowpay
and Mr. Steiger. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, Flowpay and Mr. Steiger dismissed with prejudice all claims against the
Company, its Chief Executive Officer, a Director and a third party individual. 

On July 14, 2021, EMA Financial LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company EMAF ), filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against
the Company. In its complaint, EMAF alleged that AppTech breached the terms of a convertible note and a related warrant agreement purchased
by EMAF pursuant to a securities purchase agreement between the parties. 

On September 3, 2021, EMAF filed a motion for summary
judgment. AppTech filed a motion to dismiss EMAF s complaint in its entirety. On September 13, 2022, the court denied AppTech s
motion to dismiss, and granted EMAF s motion for summary judgment in part and denied in part. In particular, the court granted EMA s
motion for summary judgment for its claim of breach of contract but denied its request for damages. 

On December 8, 2022, the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York entered an order denying AppTech s motion to dismiss and granted EMA s motion for summary
judgment and awarded damages to EMA for 1.2 million. On December 15, 2022, AppTech appealed the judgment to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. In January 2023, the Company secured a cash backed bond for 1.3 million for the appeal. 

On November 30, 2022, AppTech filed a complaint against
NCR Payment Solutions, LLC in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California alleging Breach of Contract, Breach
of Implied Covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing, Specific Performance and Accounting. The case is currently stayed in the Southern
District of California as the parties take jurisdictional discovery. NCR has filed a motion to dismiss, motion to transfer venue and motion
to compel arbitration. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our common stock has been registered with the
SEC since 1999 and trading on the OTC Pink Open Market since 2010. We successfully uplisted to NASDAQ on January 7, 2022 under the symbol
 APCX . Our warrants are listed under the symbol APCXW . 

Stockholder Data 

As of March 20,
2023, 18,438,947 shares of our common stock were outstanding and held of record by 4,512 stockholders,
and 14 shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 

Dividends 

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on
our common stock since our inception. 

Equity Compensation Plan 

For information regarding securities authorized under the equity compensation
plan, see Item 12. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Item 6. RESERVED 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read together with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this registration statement. Certain statements contained in this registration statement, including statements regarding
the anticipated development and expansion of our business, our intent, belief or current expectations, primarily with respect to the future
operating performance of our company and the products and services we expect to offer and other statements contained herein regarding
matters that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Our Management s Discussion and Analysis contains
not only statements that are historical facts, but also forward-looking statements which involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.
Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, our actual results may differ materially from the
results discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Business Overview 

The financial services industry is going through a
period of intensive change driven by the advancement of technology and the rapid rise of contactless transactions due to societal changes,
in part, as a response to COVID-19. End-users expect ease of use and an enhanced user experience in all of their daily financial interactions.
In this rapidly evolving digital marketplace, businesses face broad and ever-changing requirements to meet consumer expectations and achieve
the operational efficiencies necessary to maintain a competitive edge. 

To survive and succeed in this environment, businesses
must adopt new technologies in order to engage, communicate, process payments, and manage payouts with their customers. They need a supplier
who will widely support innovation and adaptation as the industry evolves. AppTech believes that its technologies will greatly increase
the adoption of omni-channel payments and digital banking solutions in sectors that must adapt and migrate to new, secure digital Fintech
technologies. By embracing advancements in the payment and banking industries, AppTech is well-positioned to meet the growing needs of
existing and prospective clients and it intends for its current and future products to be at the forefront of solving these accelerated
market needs. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

AppTech s all-new, innovative Fintech platform,
 Commerse officially launched in October 2022. The platform will deliver best-in-class financial technologies and
capabilities through an ever-evolving modular cloud/edge-based architecture. The Commerse platform houses a large array of financial products
and services that can be implemented off-the-shelf or customized via modern APIs. Within its Commerse platform, AppTech offers three primary
products: Payments-as-a-Service PaaS ), Banking-as-a-Service( BaaS ), and Commerce-as-a-Service CXS ). 

Commerse provides PaaS via integrated solutions for
frictionless digital and mobile payment acceptance. These solutions provide advanced payment processing solutions for credit cards, ACH,
and gift/loyalty cards by catering to the unique needs of each merchant. PaaS will also solve for multi-use case, multi-channel, API-driven,
account-based issuer processing for card, digital tokens, and payment transfer transactions. 

AppTech is positioned to further accelerate digital
transformation through BaaS, layered with financial management tools that empower financial institutions to provide businesses, professionals,
and individuals with the ability to better manage their finances anywhere, anytime at a fraction of the cost of traditional banking and
financial services. BaaS creates an ecosystem of immersive and scalable digital financial management services backed by Mastercard 
Visa processing certifications. 

Commerse has a flexible architecture to allow for
rich, personalized payment and banking experiences. This first-to-market, cloud-based CXS platform packages together elements of AppTech s
intellectual property, BaaS, PaaS, and other related technologies to create seamless interactions throughout the customer journey. 

The platform also incorporates AppTech s core,
patented text payment and geolocation-triggered ecommerce and/or advertising via cell phone capabilities delivering experiences that focus
on frictionless use cases and end-users desire for payment transaction simplicity, control, and comfort. AppTech believes that these features
will be particularly beneficial to the unbanked and under-banked in developing or emerging markets where access to the internet
on a mobile device and modern banking institutions may not be readily available specifically by extending merchants marketplace
capabilities via new channels to request and receive frictionless, digital payments and engaging end-users by utilizing a familiar, convenient,
and widely adopted technology. 

AppTech s innovative Commerse platform delivers
scalable solutions for automated and embedded, customizable business and consumer commerce experiences. These experiences propel business
growth, create value and drive operational efficiencies for businesses while providing economic convenience for end users. 

AppTech was reincorporated in Delaware on December
23, 2021. During this time, the business name was changed to AppTech Payments Corp. AppTech s executive offices are located at 5876
Owens Avenue, Suite 100, Carlsbad, California 92008. The Company s phone number is (760) 707-5959. The Company s website address
is www.apptechcorp.com. AppTech does not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this prospectus. The Company
has included our website address in this prospectus solely as an inactive textual reference. 

Financial Operations Overview 

The following discussion sets forth certain components of our statements
of operations as well as factors that impact those items. 

Revenues 

Revenues. Revenue
is derived by providing financial processing services to businesses. 

Expenses 

Cost of Revenue. Cost of revenue includes costs
directly attributable to processing and other services the company provides. These also include related costs such as residual payments
to our business development partners, which are based on a percentage of the net revenue generated from client referrals. 

General and administrative. General and administrative
expenses include professional services, rent and utilities, and other operating costs. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Research and development. Research and development
costs include costs of acquiring patents and other unproven technologies, contractor fees and other costs associated with the development
of the SMS short code texting platform, contract and outside services. 

Interest expense, net. Our interest expense
consists of interest on our outstanding indebtedness and amortization of debt issuance costs. 

Results of Operations 

This section includes a summary of our historical
results of operations, followed by detailed comparisons of our results for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
We have derived this data from our annual consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this registration statement. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

 Compared to Year Ended
December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except per share
data) 

The following table presents our historical results of operations for the
periods indicated: 

Year ended December 31 
 Change 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

Revenue 
 450 
 354 
 96 
 27 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 220 
 150 
 70 
 47 
 
 Gross profit 
 230 
 204 
 26 
 13 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 
 7,966 
 8,399 
 (433 
 (5 
 
 Excess fair value of equity issuance over assets received 
 904 
 68,956 
 (68,052 
 (99 
 
 Research and development 
 7,557 
 169 
 7,388 
 4372 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 16,427 
 77,524 
 (73,726 
 (79 

Loss from operations 
 (16,197 
 (77,320 
 61,123 
 (79 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense, net 
 (417 
 (3,111 
 2,694 
 (87 
 
 Change in fair value of Derivative Liability 
 166 
 (26 
 192 
 (738 
 
 Other income (expenses) 
 204 
 1,211 
 (1,007 
 (83 
 
 Total other expenses 
 (47 
 (1,926 
 1,879 
 (98 

Loss before income taxes 
 (16,244 
 (79,246 
 63,002 
 (80 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 
 (16,244 
 (79,246 
 63,002 
 (80 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Revenue 

Revenue was approximately 450 thousand for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to 354 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 27 . The
increase was principally driven by higher transaction volume and the boarding of additional merchant accounts. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue was approximately 220 thousand for
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 150 thousand for the year ended December 31,
2021, representing an increase of 47 . The increase was principally driven by higher transaction
volume and the boarding of additional merchant accounts. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses was approximately
 8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 8.4 million or the year ended December 31, 2021, representing
a decrease of 5 . The decrease was primarily driven by a one time judgment purchase in fiscal year
2021 related to a settled lawsuit. 

Excess fair value of equity issuance over assets
received 

Excess fair value of equity issuance over assets received
expenses was approximately 904 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. I n connection
with the shares to be issued as part of the HotHand acquisition, and to be in compliance with its anti-dilution provision with Infiinios,
the Company accrued an additional 39,706 shares of its common stock at 1.81 per share for a total of 72 thousand .
The shares have not been issued to Infinios as of December 31, 2022 . 

Excess fair value of equity issuance over assets received
expenses was approximately 69.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The excess fair
value over assets occurring in 2021 was a one-time event that was due to the timing of the share issuance to Infinios. The shares were
issued on a day that the fair value of our common stock closed at 3.75 per share. Approximately 18 million shares were issued, so
the difference between the value of the newly issued shares and the value of the services performed was expensed as excess fair value
of equity issuance over assets received. See Note 4 for additional information related to the Anti-dilution provision. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses was approximately
 7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 169 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing
an increase of 4372 . The increase was primarily due to the amortization of stock based compensation and additional development performed
related to the platform. 

Interest Expense, net 

Interest expense, net was approximately 0.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease
of 87 . The decrease was primarily due to the Company s forbearance agreements with outstanding debt holders in 2021. 

Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liability 

Change in fair value of derivative liability was
approximately 166 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 26 thousand)
for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 738 . The increase was primarily due to standard market
volatility coupled with the resetting terms of the derivative. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Other income (expenses) 

Other income was approximately 0.2 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was
primarily driven by the Company previously writing off payables totaling 946 thousand and debt forgiveness of 175 thousand. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company successfully completed its capital raise
and uplisting onto NASDAQ (herein referred to its Offering on January 7, 2022. As part of the Offering, the Company executed
a 9.5 to 1 reverse split of its common stock. In addition, the Offering sold 3,614,458 units of our common stock (a unit consisted of
one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock) at 4.15 per unit. In addition, 542,168 warrants were granted.
The Offering provided net proceeds of approximately 13.4 million. The Company s current cash position is significant enough
to support the daily operations for a period in excess of one year from the date of filing this 10-K. All shares and share prices within
this 10-K have been adjusted to reflect the stock split. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash
equivalents of approximately 3.5 million, working capital of negative 504 thousand, and stockholders equity of approximately
 7.4 million. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we met
our immediate cash requirements through existing cash balances. Additionally, we used equity and equity-linked instruments to pay for
services and compensation. 

Subsequent to year end, the Company announced the
closing of its previously announced 5.0 million registered direct offering (the Registered Direct Offering with a single
institutional investor to sell 1,666,667 shares of its common stock (the Shares and warrants to purchase up to 1,666,667
shares (the Warrants in a concurrent private placement (the Private Placement ). The combined purchase price
for one Share and one Warrant was 3.00. Each of the Warrants will have an exercise price of 4.64 per share of common stock and are exercisable
on and after August 1, 2023. The Warrants will expire five years from the date on which they become exercisable. The aggregate gross proceeds
from the Registered Direct Offering and the concurrent Private Placement were approximately 5.0 million before deducting placement agent
fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Company used a portion of the proceeds to fulfill its obligations and paid all of its
Loan Forbearance Agreements related to the notes payable in full. See note 5 for the agreements that have been paid off. 

Management s Plan 

 The
 Company continues to have yearly losses from its limited revenues from operations. Management
 believes the present cash flows will not enable it to meet its commitments for twelve months
 from the date of filing. The Company maintains an effective
 registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission that would
 allow the Company to raise additional capital in an amount up to 75 million. 

Cash Flows 

The following table presents a summary of cash flows
from operating, investing and financing activities for the following comparative periods (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (8,199 
 (1,825 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (1,791 
 (1,185 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 13,444 
 2,961 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities during the
year ended December 31, 2022, was approximately 8.2 million, which is comprised of (i) our net loss of 16.3
 million , adjusted for non-cash expenses totaling 8.8
 million (which includes adjustments for equity-based compensation, depreciation
and amortization), and (ii) is decreased by changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately 0.7
 million. 

Net cash used in operating activities during the year
ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 1.8 million, which is comprised of (i) our net loss of 79.2 million, adjusted for non-cash
expenses totaling 77.2 million (which includes adjustments for equity-based compensation, depreciation and amortization), and (ii) changes
in operating assets and liabilities using approximately 603 thousand . 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities 

Net cash used by investing activities during the
year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 1.8 million and was primarily due to
the internal capitalized software costs. 

Net cash used by investing activities during the year
ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 1.2 million and was primarily due to the internal capitalized software costs. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities during the
year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 13.4 million, which principally consists of net proceeds of 15.0 million through
the issuance of common shares and warrants in our public offering. 

Net cash provided by financing activities during the
year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 3.0 million, which principally consists of net proceeds of 3.1 million through the
sale of repurchase options. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The
preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates including those related to revenue recognition,
goodwill and intangible assets, derivative financial instruments, and equity-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. 

Critical accounting policies are those that we consider
the most critical to understanding our financial condition and results of operations. The accounting policies we believe to be most critical
to understanding our financial condition and results of operations are discussed below. As of December 31, 2022, there have been
no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates nor to our recently issued accounting pronouncements, except as described
in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Software Development Costs 

The Company capitalizes software development costs
in developing software when capitalizing requirements have been met. Costs prior to meeting the capitalization requirements are expensed
as incurred. Equity and options granted are capitalized as part of the software development costs. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Smaller Reporting Company 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Item(f)(1)
of Regulation S-K, we may choose to prepare our disclosures relying on scaled disclosure requirements for smaller reporting companies
in Regulation S-K and in Article 8 of Regulation S-X. 

The scaled disclosure requirements for smaller reporting
companies permit us (i) to include less extensive narrative disclosure than required of other reporting companies, particularly in the
description of executive compensation and (ii) to provide audited consolidated financial statements for two fiscal years, in contrast
to other reporting companies, which must provide audited consolidated financial statements for three years. 

We may lose our status as a smaller reporting company
on the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) our public float exceeds 250 million or (ii) if we have more than 100 million in annual
revenues and (a) have no public float or (b) have a public float or more than 700 million. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

As of December 31, 2022, there have been no significant
changes to our recently issued accounting pronouncements, except as described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated
entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, that would have
been established to facilitate off-balance sheet arrangements (as that term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) or other
contractually narrow or limited purposes. As such, we are not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise
if we had engaged in those types of relationships. We enter into guarantees in the ordinary course of business related to the guarantee
of our own performance. 

Equity-based Compensation 

The Company records stock-based compensation in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. FASB ASC Topic 718 requires companies to measure compensation cost
for stock-based employee compensation at the fair market value on the grant date and recognize the expense over the employee s
requisite service period. The Company recognizes in the statement of operations the grant-date fair market value of stock options and
other equity-based compensation issued to employees and non-employees. During
 the year ended December 31, 2022, 162,914
 shares of common stock were issued to the board of directors. The shares were earned over
 the term of the directors with rendered valued at 236
 thousand. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, 162,914
shares of common stock were issued to the board of directors. The shares were earned over the term of the directors with rendered
valued at 236 thousand. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, 69,531
of common stock were issued to several consultants and employees in connection with business development, and professional and employment
services with rendered valued at 810 thousand. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, 21,491
shares of common stock were issued to the board of directors. The shares were earned over the term of the directors with rendered valued
at 115 thousand. 

Related Parties 

See Item 13 for a full discussion of related parties. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Because we are allowed to comply with the disclosure
obligations applicable to a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, with respect to this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The consolidated financial statements and related
financial statement schedules required to be filed are indexed on page 25 and are incorporated herein. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accounts
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end
of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 

Management s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial
officer and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of
management, including our principal executive and financial officers, we assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in the 2013 Internal Control
- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread way Commission (COSO). 

Based on this assessment, our management concluded
that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Control systems, no matter how well conceived and
operated, are designed to provide a reasonable, but not an absolute, level of assurance that the objectives of the control system are
met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must
be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in
any control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

The information required by this item regarding our
executive officers will be presented under the caption Executive Officers in our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
(the 2022 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information required by this item regarding our
compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, will be presented under the caption Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in our 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information required by this item regarding our
audit committee will be presented under the caption Corporate Governance - Board Committee - Audit Committee in our 2022
Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information required by this item regarding our
code of ethics was previously presented under the caption Corporate Governance - Code of Business Conduct in our 2022 Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. There is no material change. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item regarding executive
compensation will be presented under the caption Executive Compensation in our 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

The information required by this item regarding director
compensation will be presented under the caption Corporate Governance - Director Compensation in our 2022 Proxy Statement
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information required by this item regarding our
compensation committee will be presented under the caption Corporate Governance - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation in our 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this item regarding security
ownership and certain beneficial owners and management will be presented under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management in our 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan 

The following table provides information, as of December 31,
2022, with respect to shares of our common stock that may be issued, subject to certain vesting requirements, under existing or future
awards under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan was approved by our Board of Directors and ratified
by our shareholders at our 2021 Annual Shareholder Meeting. 

A 
 B 
 C 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (A)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,089,868 
 7.00 (1) 
 265,482 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 1,089,868 
 7.00 
 265,482 

(1) The weighted-average exercise
price does not take into account restricted stock units, which do not have an exercise price. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence 

The information required by this item regarding certain
relationships and related persons transactions will be presented under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions 
in our 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information required by this item regarding director
independence will be presented under the caption Corporate Governance - Independent Directors in our 2022 Proxy Statement
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this item regarding aggregate
fees billed to us by our independent registered public accounting firm s fees will be presented in our 2022 Proxy Statement and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information required by this item regarding our
audit committee s pre-approval policies and procedures will be presented in our 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual
 Report on Form 10K: 

1. Financial
 Statements. See Index to Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form
 10-K. 

2. Financial
 Statement Schedules. All schedules have been omitted because the information required to
 be presented in them is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or related
 notes. 

3. Exhibits.
 We have filed, or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference, the exhibits
 listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index immediately following the financial statements contained
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b) Exhibits.
 See Item 15(a)(3) above. 

(c) Financial
 Statement Schedules. See Item 15(a)(2) above. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
and 2021 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Pages 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 26 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 28 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 29 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 30 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 31 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 32 

25 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of AppTech Payments Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AppTech Payments Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical
audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter, or on the accounts or disclosures to which
they relate. 

Recoverability
of Capitalized Prepaid Licensing Fee and Internally Developed Software Costs 

As discussed
in Notes 2, 3 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company capitalized prepaid license fees for its text payment platform
and capitalized qualifying internal-use software development costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company indicated that
due to the delay in the launch of their intended operations there was a potential impairment of the costs capitalized. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

We identified
this as a critical audit matter because of the degree of subjectivity involved in managements estimates regarding the future undiscounted
cash flows related to future operations. Management was required to make significant assumptions, which included estimating future undiscounted
cash flows and the related probability. 

Addressing the
matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included gaining an understanding of the controls relating to estimating cash flows, testing management s
process for determining the probability of attaining the cash flows, evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by
management in estimating estimated cash flows and performing inquiries of the third parties to corroborate management s conclusions
regarding the estimates. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2014 

March 20 ,
 2023 

27 

 Table of Contents 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid license fees - current 

Total current assets 

Prepaid offering cost 

Prepaid license fees long term 

Intangible assets 

Note receivable 

Right of use asset 

Security deposit 

Capitalized prepaid software development and license 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Stock repurchase liability 

Convertible notes payable, net of thousand and thousand debt discount 

Notes payable 

Notes payable related parties 

Derivative liabilities 

Right of use liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Right of use liability 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders equity 

Series A preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
and 2021 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative, including stock
 based compensation of 
 thousand and 
 thousand, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Excess fair value of equity issuance over assets received 

Research and development, including stock based compensation of thousand and , for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Other income (expenses) 
 204 
 1,211 
 
 Total other expenses 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Weighted-average number of shares used basic and diluted per share amounts 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
and 2021 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Series
 A Preferred 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid- 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 in
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance
 December 31, 2020 

Net
 loss 

Imputed
 interest 

Stock
 based compensation 

Issuance
 of options for capitalized prepaid software development and license 

Common
 stock issued for forbearance 

Common
 stock issued for services with warrant issuance 

Common
 stock issued for convertible notes payable, accrued interest, derivative liabilities, and accounts payable 

Proceeds
 from sale of repurchase option 

3,087 
 
 3,087 
 
 Balance
 December 31, 2021 

Net
 loss 

Stock
 based compensation 

Common
 stock cancelled 

Common
 stock issued for forbearance 

Option
 exercise 

Anti-dilution
 provision 

2,123 
 
 2,123 
 
 Common
 stock issued for patents 

Net
 proceeds from sale of offering shares 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
and 2021 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Common stock issued for forbearance 

Gain on relief of accrued interest 

() 

Issuance of warrants for services 

Stock issued for purchase of judgment 

Stock issued for excess fair value of equity 

Excess fair market value of shares issued recorded as interest expense 

Imputed interest on notes payable 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of Intangible assets and software 

Gain on extinguishment of accounts payable 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Prepaid license costs 

() 
 
 Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued liabilities 

Right of use asset and liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Capitalized software development 

() 

() 
 
 Other assets 

() 

Note receivable 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments for prepaid offering costs 

() 
 
 Proceeds on convertible note payable - related parties 

() 
 
 Proceeds from financing 

Offering costs paid 

() 

Repayment of note payable 

() 

Repayment of convertible note payable 

() 

Proceeds received from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from sale of repurchase option 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Changes in cash and cash equivalents 

() 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Common stock issued for forbearance 

Common stock issued for conversion of accounts payable 

Common stock issued convertible notes, accrued interest and derivative liabilities 

Relief of anti-dilution liability through issuance of
common stock 

Issuance of stock for prepaid services 

Issuance of stock for intangible assets 

Common stock and options issued for capitalized software and licensing costs 

Common stock issued with forbearance agreements recorded as a discount 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

APPTECH PAYMENTS CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

reverse split of its common stock. In addition, the Offering sold 3,614,458 units of our common stock (a unit consisting
of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock) at per unit. In addition, 542,168 warrants were
granted by EF Hutton and the Offering warrants of , all having a five-year expiration and an exercise price of 5.19. The Offering
provided net proceeds of approximately million. 

In April 2022, the Company acquired HotHand Inc. HotHand ),
a patent-holding company. These patents are focused on the delivery, purchase, or request of any products or services within specific
geolocation and time parameters, provided by a consumer s cell phone anywhere in the United States. 

In September 2022, the Company expanded its operations
to Austin, Texas by establishing AppTech Holdings LLC. The goal of this expansion is primarily to pursue licensing revenue. 

In February 2023, the Company completed an underwritten
public offering of its common stock and warrants, raising gross proceeds of approximately 5.0 million. As of February 27, 2023,
approximately 70.0 million remains available under the shelf registration statement Form 3 (File No. 333-265526) previously filed
and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 15, 2022. The Company anticipates raising additional capital
in the second quarter of 2023 to further fund operations. Based on the Company s current operating plan, working capital levels,
financial projections, and planned capital raise in the second quarter; Management anticipates that the Company will be able to meet its
financial obligations for the next twelve months. 

Management s Plan 

The Company continues to have yearly losses from its
limited revenues from operations. Management believes the present cash flows will not enable it to meet its commitments for twelve months
from the date of filing. However, Management has an open S-3 filed with the SEC and it intends to obtain the necessary funding for the
Company to meet its obligations for the twelve-month period from the date the financial statements are issued. 

Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed
to be carried out on an arm s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-marketing dealings may not exist. Representations
about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent
to those that prevail in arm s-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. 

The following table presents liabilities that are
measured and recognized at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 on recurring basis: 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total Carrying Value 
 
 Derivative liabilities 

See Note 6 for discussion of valuation and roll forward
related to derivative liabilities. 

million and thousand, respectively. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average number of common stock equivalents is
not included in diluted income (loss) per share, because the effects are anti-dilutive. 

Convertible debt 

Warrants 

Options 

Restricted stock units 

Total 

million
of software development costs as of December 31, 2022 and will amortize over five years beginning October
1, 2022. 

Patents 

In April 2022, the Company fully executed a Definitive
Agreement to acquire the patents of HotHand Inc. HotHand ), a patent-holding company. HotHand did not have any operations,
so the transaction was an asset acquisition of its portfolio of thirteen patents including USPTO 7,693,752; USPTO 8,554,632; USPTO 8,799,102;
USPTO 9,436,956; USPTO 10,102,556; USPTO 10,127,592; USPTO 10,600,094; USPTO 10,621,639; USPTO 10,846,726; USPTO 10,846,727; USPTO 10,909,593;
USPTO 11,107,140; USPTO 11,345,715. These patents are focused on the delivery, purchase, or request of any products or services within
specific geolocation and time parameters, provided by a consumer s cell phone anywhere in the United States. Additionally, HotHand s
family of patents includes a patent that protects advertising on a store s mobile application when the cell phone is in the store
and the ads shown are being triggered by geolocation tagging. 

AppTech is currently integrating the HotHand Intellectual
Property IP into our digital platform. In addition to offering an embedded, highly secure, and patent-backed product,
AppTech will offer licensing agreements for its IP. 

HotHand was acquired for 225,000 shares of common
stock, valued at 407 thousand, was allocated to the patents as an intangible asset based on the fair market value of the common stock
on the date of acquisition (April 18, 2022). The Company will amortize the asset over three years. Further, the purchase agreement outlines
revenue milestones that may trigger four payments of 500 thousand payables to HotHand s former owners. The Company did not
meet these revenue milestones as of December 31, 2022. 

Amortization of patents 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued residuals 

Anti-dilution provision 

Other 

Total accrued liabilities 

Accrued Interest 

Notes payable and convertible notes payable incur interest at rates between 10 and 24 , per annum. 

Accrued Residuals 

The Company pays commissions to independent agents
which refer merchant accounts. The amounts payable to these independent agents is based upon a percentage of the amounts processed on
a monthly basis by these merchant accounts. 

Anti-dilution provision 

The agreement between the Company and Infinios, formerly
NEC Payments B.S.C., has an anti-dilution provision. To remain in compliance, the Company accrued 73,848 shares of its common stock at
 17.46 per share for a total value of million as of December 31, 2021. Further, in connection with the capital raise discussed
in Note 1, the Company issued an additional 378,109 shares of its common stock at 2.20 per share for a value of 832 thousand or
a total value of 2.1 million. The 451,957 total shares were issued in May 2022. 

Further, i n
connection with the shares to be issued as part of the HotHand acquisition, and to be in compliance with its anti-dilution provision with
Infiinios, the Company accrued an additional 39,706 shares of its common stock at 1.81 per share for a total of thousand. The shares
have not been issued to Infinios as of December 31, 2022. 

In the event
of a default of the Note, the Holder, in its sole discretion may elect to use a conversion price equal to the lower of: 1) the lowest
trading price of the common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the issue date or 2) seventy-five (75) percent of either the
lowest trading price or the closing bid price, whichever is lower during any trading day in which the event of default has not been cured. 

The embedded
conversion feature of this Note was deemed to require bifurcation and liability classification, at fair value. Pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Agreement, the Company also sold warrants to the investors to purchase up to an aggregate of 21,052 shares of common stock exercisable
at 14.25 and expire in five (5) years. The fair value of the derivative liability and warrants as of the date of issuance was in excess
of the Note (see Note 6 for valuation) resulting in full discount of the Note. The conversion feature and warrants have various reset
provisions for which lower the exercise price and share and warrants issuable. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the convertible note payable balance was 280 thousand and 280 thousand. 

See Note
8 - Commitments and Contingencies. 

See Note 6 Derivative Liabilities. 

In 2015, the Company issued 50 thousand in convertible
notes payable. The convertible notes payable are unsecured, were due in nine months, incur interest at 10 per annum and are convertible
at 9.50 per share. The Company amended the convertible note on March 2, 2022 and an agreed offer of a 10 thousand discount on the
principal and interest resulting in a 72 thousand payment in full. 

In 2014, the Company issued 400 thousand in
convertible notes payable. On March 30, 2022, the Company entered into forbearance agreements in exchange for not enforcing the terms
of the original agreements. The interest rate on the note payable is 10 to 12 . The expiration date of the agreement was originally September
30, 2022. In November 2022, the parties agreed to extend the terms of the forbearance agreements for an additional six months. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the balance of the convertible notes was 400 thousand and 400 thousand, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the accrued interest related to the convertible notes was 278 thousand and 268 thousand, respectively. Subsequent to December 31,
2022, the Company paid off the note and accrued interest in its entirety. 

Notes Payable 

In 2020, the Company entered into a 30-year unsecured
note payable with U.S. Small Business Administration for 68 thousand in proceeds. The notes payable incurred a 0.1 thousand fee
upon issuance and incurs interest at 3.75 per annum. All payments of principal and interest are deferred for thirty months from the
date of the note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the balance of the note payable was 68 thousand and accrued interest was
 6 thousand and 4 thousand, respectively. A
 significant shareholder funded the Company s operations through notes payable primarily
 in 2009 and 2010. On May 2, 2021, the Company entered into a debt reduction and confirmation
 agreement with the significant shareholder that is no longer a related party. The Company
 entered into a forbearance agreement in exchange for not enforcing the terms of the agreement.
 The interest rate on the note payable is 10 per annum.
 The expiration date of the agreement was originally September 27, 2022. In November
 2022, the parties agreed to extend the terms of the forbearance agreement for an additional
 six months. The shareholder waived 25 thousand of accrued interest and was repaid 25 thousand
 of accrued interest. The Company recorded the forgiveness of the 25 thousand as Other Income.
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the balance of the notes payable was 597 thousand
 and 597 thousand respectively, and the accrued interest related to the notes was 83
 thousand and 383 thousand, respectively. Subsequent
 to December 31, 2022, the Company paid off the note and accrued interest in its entirety. 

Note payable
- related party 

The Company entered into several notes
payable with third parties. The Company entered into forbearance agreements in exchange for not enforcing the terms of the agreement.
The interest rate on the note payable is 0 to 18 per annum. The expiration date of the agreement
ranged from September 27, 2022 to October 4, 2022. In November 2022, the parties agreed to extend the terms of the forbearance agreement
for an additional six months. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of the notes payable was 423
thousand and 437 thousand respectively, and the accrued interest related to the
notes payable was 538 thousand and 538 thousand,
respectively. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company paid off the note and accrued interest in its entirety. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the balance of the related party notes payable was 88 thousand and 88 thousand, respectively, with an interest rate
of 12 per annum and an expiration date on September 29, 2022. The accrued interest to the related party notes payable
was 68 thousand and 68 thousand respectively. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company paid off the note
and accrued interest in its entirety. 

thousand and the change in fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is 
thousand and thousand), respectively. The fair value of applicable derivative liabilities
on note, warrants and change in fair value of derivative liability are as follows for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The fair value of applicable derivative liabilities
on note, warrants and change in fair value of derivative liability are as follows for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Derivative
 Liability Convertible Notes 
 
 Derivative 
 
 Liability
 Warrants 
 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 

Change
 in fair value 
 ) 

Change
 in fair value due to conversion 
 ) 

) 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the
derivative liability warrants is estimated using a Monte Carlo pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Market value of common stock 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the
derivative liability convertible notes is estimated using a Monte Carlo pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Market value of common stock 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the
derivative liability warrants is estimated using a Monte Carlo pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Market value of common stock 
 12.45 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

2024 

2025 

Operating Lease Total 

Less: Imputed interest 

Total 

The rent expense was and thousand and thousand
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other Lawsuit 

In July 2020, Flowpay Corporation, a Delaware corporation Flowpay ), and R. Wayne Steiger, the President of Flowpay, having a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding MOU filed a lawsuit against AppTech Payments Corp. (formally AppTech Corp. in the County of San Diego, State of California.
The claims included breach of contract, intentional misrepresentation, negligent misrepresentation, and unjust enrichment. Management
believes the non-binding MOU terminated after no definite agreement was executed between the parties, and negotiations ceased December
20, 2016. On May 19, 2022, AppTech entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with Flowpay
and Mr. Steiger. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, Flowpay and Mr. Steiger dismissed with prejudice all claims against the
Company, its Chief Executive Officer, a Director and a third-party individual. 

Convertible Note and Warrant Lawsuit 

On July 14, 2021, EMA Financial LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company EMAF ), filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against
the Company. In its complaint, EMAF alleged that AppTech breached the terms of a convertible note and a related warrant agreement purchased
by EMAF pursuant to a securities purchase agreement between the parties. 

On September 2,
2021, EMAF filed a motion for summary judgment. AppTech filed a motion to dismiss EMAF s complaint in its entirety. On September
13, 2022, the court denied AppTech s motion to dismiss, and granted EMAF s motion for summary judgment in part and denied
in part. In particular, the court granted EMA s motion for summary judgment for its claim of breach of contract but denied its
request for damages. 

On December 8, 2022, the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York entered an order denying AppTech s motion to dismiss and granted EMA s motion for summary
judgment and awarded damages to EMA for 1.2 million. On December 15, 2022, AppTech appealed the judgment to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. In January 2023, the Company secured a cash backed bond for 1.3 million for the appeal. 

NCR Lawsuit 

On November 30, 2022, AppTech filed a complaint against
NCR Payment Solutions, LLC in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California alleging Breach of Contract, Breach
of Implied Covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing, Specific Performance and Accounting. The case is currently stayed in the Southern
District of California as the parties take jurisdictional discovery. NCR has filed a motion to dismiss, motion to transfer venue and
motion to compel arbitration. The court set a briefing schedule and our opposition to those motions were
due in March 2023. 

Significant Contracts 

Capital Raises 

In February 2021, the Company entered into an engagement
letter with Maxim Group LLC Maxim as the lead management underwriter for a follow-on offering that is non-binding. This
engaged Maxim through September 30, 2021 as exclusive financial advisor, lead managing underwriter and sole book running manager and investment
banker in connection with the offering. On October 27, 2021, Maxim and the Company terminated all relevant agreements. In satisfaction
of all amounts due and owning, and all amounts that shall become due and owing, the Company issued Maxim 21,052 shares, valued at 220
thousand, of the Company s common stock in association with the termination. 

On October 18, 2021, the Company entered into an engagement
letter with EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC. EF Hutton to act as lead underwriter, deal manager and
investment banker for the Company s proposed firm commitment follow-on public offering and uplisting. This engaged EF Hutton through
the earlier of (i) October 2022 or (ii) the closing of a follow-on offering. The Company completed its offering on January 7, 2022. The
Company sold 3,614,458 units of our common stock (a unit consisting of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of
common stock) at 4.15 per unit. The offering provided net proceeds of approximately 13.4 million. 

In February 2023, the Company completed an underwritten
public offering of its common stock and warrants, raising gross proceeds of approximately 5.0 million. As of February 27, 2023,
approximately 70.0 million remains available under the shelf registration statement Form 3 (File No. 333-265526) previously filed
and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 15, 2022. 

See Note 1 for information on the capital raises completed
in January 2022 and February 2023. 

Silver Alert Services, LLC 

In August 2020, the Company entered into a strategic
partnership with Silver Alert Services, LLC doing business as Lifelight Systems Lifelight ). The partnership would expand
AppTech s reach into new markets and provide advanced technological solutions for the telehealth and personal emergency response
systems markets. The strategic partnership provided a promissory note to Lifelight for up to 1.0 million dollars with an interest
rate of three percent per annum upon successful completion of Lifelight s Personal Emergency Response System PERS pilot program. Also, Lifelight was granted an option for the right to purchase 473,684 shares of AppTech for which 105,263 shares were
exercisable at 0.0095 and 368,421 were exercisable at 2.375 upon the successful completion of the PERS pilot program. These options
had a grant date fair value of at 1,549,999 and 5,424,987, respectively using a Black-Scholes options pricing model. No stock-based
compensation had been recorded as vesting was determined to be highly improbable. 

The strategic partnership was cancelled on February
17, 2022. 

Infinios Financial Services (formerly NEC Payments
B.S.C.) 

On October 1, 2020, the Company entered into a strategic
partnership with Infinios Financial Services BSC (formally NEC Payments B.S.C) Infinios through a series of agreements,
which included the following: (a) Subscription License and Services Agreement; (b) Digital Banking Platform Operating Agreement; (c) Subscription
License Order Form; and (d) Registration Rights Agreement (collectively the Agreements ). 

On February 11, 2021, the Company entered into an
amended and restated Subscription License and Services Agreement, Digital Banking Platform Operating Agreement and Subscription License
Order Form with Infinios (collectively the Restated Agreements ). The gross total fees due under the Restated Agreements
are 2.2 million excluding pass-through costs associated with infrastructure hosting fees. 

On February 19, 2021, the Company completed and validated
its contractual obligations and paid to Infinios the 100 thousand engagement fee. On February 28, 2021, the Company paid the initial
fee of 708 thousand to Infinios prior to the Funding Date. On March 25, 2021, the Company issued 1,895,948 shares of common stock to
an Infinios affiliate on a fully diluted basis with piggyback rights. The Company valued the common stock issuance at 67.5 million based
upon the closing market price on the effective date of the transaction based on the closing market price of the Company s common
stock. The issuance was recorded as a 3.8 million asset and 63.8 million expense in excess fair value of equity issuance over assets
received. The capitalized asset was classified as capitalized prepaid software development of 2.8 million and capitalized licensing of
 1.0 million. The estimated amortization is a 5-year life based on the term of the licensing agreement. The amortization is set to begin
once the platform begins processing transactions (in thousand). 

As of December 31, 2022, the following fees were
paid (in thousands): 

License subscription fee (prepaid licensing cost) 

Annual maintenance subscription fee (prepaid licensing cost) 

Implementation fee (capitalized software cost) 

Infrastructure implementation fee (capitalized software cost) 

Training fee 

Total 

Innovations Realized LLC 

On October 2, 2020, the Company entered into an independent
contractor services agreement with Innovations Realized, LLC IR to develop a strategic operating plan focused on the design,
execution and go-to-market implementation of the Infinios platform to enter the United States market. 

On February 18, 2021, the Company entered into an
amended independent contractor services agreement for 760 thousand with IR. Under the agreement, the Company granted options to purchase
42,105 shares at a price of 0.095 and 263,157 shares at 2.375 and exercisable for two years after vesting. These options vest in equal
monthly installments over 24 months. These options had a grant date fair value of 1.4 million and 8.7 million using a Black-Scholes
pricing model. The estimated amortization is a 5-year life based on the term of the licensing agreement. The final payment owed to IR
of 171 thousand was paid in January 2022. 

Executive Compensation 

On April 28, 2021, the Company entered into new employment
and stock options agreements with its named executive officers. The agreements, among other things, each employment agreement, apart from
the Chief Executive Officer, which implements a guaranteed bonus structure, shall provide for a starting base salary and potential business
development revenue sharing at rates ranging from 20-50 of net processing revenue. Each Employment Agreement also provides a potential
annual bonus, which is subject to adjustment by the Board from time to time. Further, stock option awards for certain named executives
were provided, subject to the applicable vesting schedule. Each Employment Agreement provides that the applicable named executive officer s
employment with us is at will . The named executive officers are entitled to receive all other benefits generally available
to our executive officers. 

Common
Stock The Company is authorized
 to issue 105,263,158 shares of 0.001 par value as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021. There were 16,697,280 and 11,944,600, respectively, shares
 of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The holders of common stock are entitled to one
 vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and are not entitled to cumulate their votes in
 the election of directors. The holders of common stock are entitled to any dividends that may be declared by the
 board of directors out of funds legally available, therefore subject to the prior rights of holders of any outstanding
 shares of preferred stock and any contractual restrictions against the payment of dividends on common stock. In the
 event of liquidation or dissolution of the Company, holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all
 assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares of preferred
 stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or other subscription rights and no right to convert their common
 stock into any other securities. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company issued and , respectively, shares of common stock to several consultants in connection with business
development, accounts payable conversion and professional services. The Company valued the common stock issuances at 603
thousand and 810 thousand, respectively, based upon the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date
in which the performance was complete or issued based upon the vesting schedule and the closing market price of the Company s common
stock on the date of the agreement. The amounts were expensed to general and administrative expenses on the accompanying statements of
operations. During the years ended December 31,
 2022 and 2021, the Company granted and 
 shares of common stock to the board of directors and expensed at thousand
 and thousand, respectively. The shares vest quarterly over the year of 2022
 and 2021, respectively. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, the
Company has reserved the shares of common stock to HotHand. 

During the year ended as of December 31, 2021, the
Company issued 21,052 shares of common stock in connection with a judgment purchase agreement from a third party. The judgment is for
damages in the amount of 0.5 million plus statutory interest against FlowPay Corporation and R. Wayne Steiger. The Company valued
the common stock issuance at 1.0 million based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of the
judgment purchase. 

During the year ended as of December 31, 2021, the
Company issued 597,399 shares of common stock to several convertible note payable holders of which 401,276 shares of common stock were
issued to related parties in connection with debt conversions. The closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date
of the agreement was used to value the excess fair value of equity issuance. The amounts were reflected as a reduction of convertible
notes payable, accrued interest, and excess fair value of equity issuance as follows: 

Convertible notes payable related parties 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest related parties 

Excess fair value of equity issuance 

Excess fair value of equity issuance related parties 

Total 

See Note 8 
Significant Contracts for additional common stock issuance. 

Stock Options 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 : 

a) 
 options to purchase 413,685
 shares of common stock at 2.49
 were granted as compensation to employees. The
options vest in equal monthly installments over 24 months. The options were valued at 1,013 
 thousand using a Black-Scholes options pricing model. 

b) 
 options to purchase 63,157
shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 7.29 were granted as compensation for various services including engineering,
accounting, and sales. The options were valued at 460 thousand using a Black-Scholes options pricing model. 42,105
 shares were exercised. 

The fair value of the options for the year ended December 31,
2022 is estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following range of assumptions: 

 - 
 
 Exercise price 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected term (in years) 
 0.0 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yields 

The following table summarizes option activity: 

Issued 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

1.91 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022, vested 

1.88 

The remaining expense outstanding through December 31,
2022 is 860 thousand which is expected to be expensed over the next 21 months. 

In July 2022,
the Company amended its option agreements with its employees, consultants and board of directors. The shareholders will vote to ratify
the amendment as part of the annual shareholder meeting tentatively scheduled to take place in 2023. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021: 

a) options
 to purchase 353,368 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 16.25 were granted
 as compensation to employees. The options vest in equal monthly installments over 6 and 12
 months. The options were valued at 6,300,284 using a Black-Scholes options pricing model. 

b) options
 to purchase 38,421 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 8.55 were granted
 as compensation for various services including accounting, sales, and marketing. The options
 were valued at 825,201 using a Black-Scholes options pricing model. 13,158 shares were exercised. 

The fair value of the options is estimated using a
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following range of assumptions as of December 31, 2021: 

 - 
 
 Exercise price 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yields 

On December 7, 2021, the board authorized the Company s
AppTech Equity Incentive Plan in order to facilitate the grant of equity incentives to employees (including our named executive officers),
directors, independent contractors, merchants, referral partners, channel partners and employees of our company to enable our company
to attract, retain and motivate employees, directors, merchants, referral partners and channel partners, which is essential to our long-term
success. A total of 1,052,632 shares of common stock were authorized under the AppTech Equity Incentive Plan, for which as of December 31,
2022, a total of 265,482 are available for issuance. 

Warrants 

In 2020, the Company entered into a security purchase
agreement with an investor pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell the investor a 300 thousand convertible note bearing interest
at 12 per annum. The Company also sold warrants to the investors to purchase up to an aggregate of 21,052 shares of common stock, with
an exercise term of five (5) years, at a per share price of 14.25 which may be exercised by cashless exercise. The number of warrants
adjusted in the period ending March 31, 2022 due to a reset event on January 7, 2022 changed the exercise price from 9.50 to 2.52 and
increased the number of warrants from 31,578 to 119,095. The warrants were deemed a derivative liability and recorded as a debt discount
at their date of issuance. 

In total, the
Company has 4,275,721 warrants outstanding. 3,614,458
were related to the Offering, 542,168 were granted on January 7 and the reset event added an additional 119,095. The Warrant price
from the S-1 offering had a strike price of 5.1875 and a future offerings floor price of 4.15.
Accordingly, the floor price was reset to 4.15 in February 2023. 

The following table summarizes warrant activity: 

Issued 

Cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

See Note 1 for
information on warrants issued during the Offering and note 6 for additional information on the derivative liability. 

million and million, respectively, which primarily consists of net operating loss carry forwards
and various accruals. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company provided a 100 valuation allowance against the net deferred
tax assets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the valuation allowance increased by approximately million and
 thousand, respectively. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the applicable
federal rate used in calculating the deferred tax provision was 21 . 

The Company is subject to tax in the United States U.S. and files tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and California state jurisdiction. The Company is subject
to U.S. Federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for all periods starting in 2019. The Company currently is
not under examination by any tax authorities. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Title 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 18, 2022, by and among AppTech Payments Corp., AppTech IP Corp., and HotHand, Inc., (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on April 21, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.1 
 
 AppTech Corp. Articles of Conversion filed October 25, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.2 
 
 AppTech Corp. Articles of Incorporation filed October 25, 2006(filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.3 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Designation filed May 09, 2007(filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.4 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Correction filed June 04, 2007(filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.5 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Designation filed June 06, 2007(filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.6 
 
 AppTech Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed November 17, 2008(filed as Exhibit 3.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.7 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Amendment filed October 26, 2009(filed as Exhibit 3.7 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.8 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Amendment filed October 27, 2009(filed as Exhibit 3.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.9 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Designation filed April 21, 2010(filed as Exhibit 3.9 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.10 
 
 AppTech Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed April 27, 2010(filed as Exhibit 3.10 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.11 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Change filed July 22, 2010(filed as Exhibit 3.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.12 
 
 AppTech Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed October 26, 2010(filed as Exhibit 3.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.13 
 
 AppTech Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed October 26, 2010(filed as Exhibit 3.13 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

50 

 Table of Contents 

3.14 
 
 AppTech Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed October 28, 2010(filed as Exhibit 3.14 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.15 
 
 AppTech Corp. Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series filed April 08, 2011(filed as Exhibit 3.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.16 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Amendment filed June 06, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.17 
 
 AppTech Corp. Articles of Domestication filed July 18, 2011(filed as Exhibit 3.17 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.18 
 
 AppTech Corp. Bylaws dated May 07, 2013(filed as Exhibit 3.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.19 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Domestication filed July 09, 2013(filed as Exhibit 3.19 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.20 
 
 AppTech Corp. Articles of Amendment filed October 31, 2013(filed as Exhibit 3.20 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.21 
 
 AppTech Corp. Certificate of Incorporation filed July 29, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.22 
 
 AppTech Corp. Bylaws (Amended and Restated) dated March 27, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 3.22 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.1 
 
 AppTech Code of Business Conduct(filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.2 
 
 AppTech Corp. Audit Committee Charter (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on November 16, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.3 
 
 AppTech Corp. Compensation Committee Charter (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on November 16, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.4 
 
 AppTech Corp. Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to Form S-1 as filed on February 16, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.1 
 
 AppTech Equity Incentive Plan ratified by shareholders at the Annual Meeting of the Shareholders on July 28, 2020 Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement dated June 22, 2017(filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.2 
 
 Lease Purchase Option Agreement dated January 22, 2020(filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

51 

 Table of Contents 

10.3 
 
 Strategic
 Partnership Agreement dated as of August 21, 2020, by and among AppTech Corp. and Silver Alert Services LLC, doing business as LifeLight
 Systems. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on August 26, 2020, and incorporated
 herein by reference) 

10.4 
 
 Subscription
 License and Service Agreement dated as of October 02, 2020, by and among AppTech Corp. and NEC Payments B.S.C. (c).(filed as Exhibit
 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 07, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.5 
 
 Digital
 Banking Platform Operating Agreement dated as of October 02, 2020, by and among AppTech Corp. and NEC Payments B.S.C. (c).(filed
 as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 07, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.6 
 
 Subscription
 License Order Form dated as of October 02, 2020, by and among AppTech Corp. and NEC Payments B.S.C. (c). PURSUANT TO REG S-K ITEM
 601, CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form
 8-K, as filed on October 07, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.7 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement dated as of October 02, 2020, by and among AppTech Corp. and NEC Payments B.S.C. (c). (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to
 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 07, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated March 17 2022 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated March 17, 2022 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Chief Executive Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated March 17, 2022 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated March 17, 2022 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 INSTANCE DOCUMENT 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE 

52 

 Table of Contents 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 and 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Carlsbad, California, on March 20,
2023. 

AppTech Payments Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Luke D Angelo 

Name: 
 Luke D Angelo 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Gary Wachs 

Gary
 Wachs 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act
of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Luke D Angelo 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 March
 20 , 2023 
 
 Luke
 D Angelo 

/s/
 Gary Wachs 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 
 March
 20 , 2023 
 
 Gary
 Wachs 

/s/
 William Huff 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20 , 2023 
 
 William
 Huff 

/s/
 Mengyin H. Liang Roz Huang 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20 , 2023 
 
 Mengyin
 H. Liang Roz Huang 

/s/
 Michael O Neal 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20 , 2023 
 
 Michael
 O Neal 

/s/
 Christopher Williams 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 20 , 2023 
 
 Christopher
 Williams 

53 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Luke D Angelo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of AppTech Payments Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2022 
 /s/ Luke D Angelo 

Luke D Angelo 

Chairman of the Board of Directors and 

Chief Executive Officer of AppTech Payments Corp. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Gary Wachs, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of AppTech Payments Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2022 
 /s/ Gary Wachs 

Gary Wachs 

Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer of AppTech Payments Corp. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of AppTech Payments Corp. on Form
10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Luke D Angelo, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date: March 20, 2022 
 /s/ Luke D Angelo 

Luke D Angelo 

Chairman of the Board of Directors and 

Chief Executive Officer of AppTech Payments Corp. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32_2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of AppTech Payments Corp. on Form
10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Gary Wachs, Chief Financial Officer of AppTech Payments Corp., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date: March 20, 2022 
 /s/ Gary Wachs 

Gary Wachs 

Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 apcx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 apcx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 apcx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 apcx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

