<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_729986_0001193125-23-056045.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30139623</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>427172</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3137166</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12911746</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5679316</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6581838</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-056045.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301150802
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-056045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		168
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED BANKSHARES INC/WV
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000729986
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				550641179
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	002-86947
		FILM NUMBER:		23692868

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 UNITED CTR
		STREET 2:		500 VIRGINIA ST E
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			25301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3044248800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 UNITED CT
		STREET 2:		500 VIRGINIA ST E
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			25301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-056045.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 d426237d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 

OR 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission File Number: 

United Bankshares, Inc. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of
 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

, par value 2.50 per share

Securities registered pursuant to 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. 

 FORM 10-K

(Continued) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act: 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of United Bankshares, Inc. common stock, representing all of its voting stock that was held by non-affiliates
 on June 30, 2022, was approximately 

. 
 As of January 31, 2023, United Bankshares, Inc. had 

shares of common stock outstanding with a par value of 2.50

. 

Auditor Firm PCAOB ID: 

Auditor Name: 

Auditor Location: 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference 
 Certain specifically designated portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement for the United Bankshares, Inc. 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting to be held on May 10, 2023 are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K.

2 

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. FORM 10-K, PART I 

Item 1. 
 BUSINESS Organizational History and Subsidiaries United Bankshares, Inc. United, we, us, our, or the Company is a West Virginia corporation registered as a financial holding company pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. United was incorporated on March 26, 1982, organized on September 9, 1982, and began conducting business on May 1, 1984 with the acquisition of three wholly-owned subsidiaries. Since its formation in 1982, United has acquired thirty-three banking institutions. United has one banking subsidiary doing business under the name of United Bank, operating under the laws of Virginia. United Bank offers a full range of commercial and retail banking services and products. United also owns nonbank subsidiaries which engage in other community banking services such as asset management, real property title insurance, financial planning, mortgage banking, and brokerage services. Web Site Address United s web site address is www.ubsi-inc.com . United makes available free of charge on its web site the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, as soon as reasonably practicable after United files such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The reference to United s web site does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained in the web site and should not be considered part of this document. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Business of United As a financial holding company, United s present businesses are community banking and mortgage banking. As of December 31, 2022, United s consolidated assets approximated 29.5 billion and total shareholders equity approximated 4.5 billion. United is permitted to acquire other banks and bank holding companies, as well as thrift institutions. United is also permitted to engage in certain non-banking activities which are closely related to banking under the provisions of the Bank Holding Company Act and the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation Y. Management continues to consider such opportunities as they arise, and in this regard, management from time to time makes inquiries, proposals, or expressions of interest as to potential opportunities, although no agreements or understandings to acquire other banks or bank holding companies or non-banking subsidiaries or to engage in other nonbanking activities, other than those identified herein, presently exist. On December 3, 2021, United completed its acquisition of Community Bankers Trust Corporation Community Bankers Trust ), the parent company of Essex Bank Essex with 1.8 billion in assets, headquartered in Richmond, Virginia. The acquisition of Community Bankers Trust enhanced United s existing presence in the DC Metro MSA and took United into new markets including Baltimore, Annapolis, Lynchburg, Richmond, and the Northern Neck of Virginia. It also strategically connected our Mid-Atlantic and Southeast footprints. See Note B Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of United s merger with Community Bankers Trust. On May 1, 2020, United completed its acquisition of Carolina Financial Corporation Carolina Financial ), the parent company of CresCom Bank CresCom with 5.0 billion in assets, headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina. The acquisition of Carolina Financial broadened United s footprint in the Southeast region with some of the most desirable banking markets in the nation. Prior to Carolina Financial, United more than doubled its size through three acquisitions in less than three and a half years. In January 2014, United closed its acquisition of Virginia Commerce Bancorp, Inc., followed by the November 2015 announcement of the Bank of Georgetown transaction which closed June 2016. In August 2016, United announced the Cardinal Financial Corporation acquisition which closed April 2017. 
 4 

Business of Subsidiaries United, through its subsidiaries, engages primarily in community banking and mortgage banking offering most types of business permitted by law and regulation. Included among the banking services offered are the acceptance of deposits in checking, savings, time and money market accounts; the making and servicing of personal, commercial, and floor plan loans; and the making of construction and real estate loans. Also offered are individual retirement accounts, safe deposit boxes, wire transfers and other standard banking products and services. As part of its lending function, United Bank offers credit card services. United Bank maintains a trust department which acts as trustee under wills, trusts and pension and profit sharing plans, as executor and administrator of estates, and as guardian for estates of minors and incompetents, and in addition performs a variety of investment and security services. United Bank provides services to its correspondent banks such as the buying and selling of federal funds. George Mason Mortgage, LLC George Mason ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bank, is engaged in the operation of a general mortgage and agency business, including the origination and acquisition of residential real estate loans for resale and generally the activities commonly conducted by a mortgage banking company. Residential real estate loans are sold without the servicing rights retained. These loans are for single-family, owner-occupied residences with either adjustable or fixed rate terms, with a variety of maturities tailored to effectively serve its markets. Crescent Mortgage Company Crescent ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bank, is primarily a correspondent/wholesale mortgage company approved to originate loans in 48 states partnering with community banks, credit unions and mortgage brokers. Much like George Mason, Crescent is also engaged in the operation of a general mortgage and agency business, including the origination and acquisition of residential real estate loans for resale and the activities commonly conducted by a mortgage banking company. Depending on the pricing of residential real estate loans sold, Crescent may retain the servicing rights. In addition, at certain times, Crescent may purchase or sell rights to service mortgage loans from or to third parties. United Brokerage Services, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bank, is a fully-disclosed broker/dealer and a Registered Investment Advisor with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), the Securities and Exchange Commission, and a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. United Brokerage Services, Inc. offers a wide range of investment products as well as comprehensive financial planning and asset management services to the general public. United Bank is a member of a network of automated teller machines known as the New York Currency Exchange NYCE ATM network. The NYCE is an interbank network connecting the ATMs of various financial institutions in the United States and Canada. United Bank offers secure Digital Banking for consumer and commercial customers. Digital Banking is available on a multitude of devices to include a browser-based experience, mobile (Apple, Android) and tablet applications. Digital Banking allows customers to manage their financial lives from any place they can access the internet (cellular or Wi-Fi). Customers can quickly check balances, pay bills, complete internal and Zelle transfers; all from the convenience of their devices. They can also set-up text and email alerts to notify them of large transactions and help them avoid overdraft fees. Commercial customers have many of the same services, including balance inquiry, cash management, sweeps and wire transfers. Consumers can also research United Bank products and open deposits accounts online and apply for mortgages from United Bank s website. United Bank also offers an automated telephone banking system, Telebanc, which allows customers to access their personal account(s) or business account(s) information from a touch-tone telephone. 
 5 

Lending Activities United s loan and lease portfolio, net of unearned income, increased 2.5 billion or 14.06 in 2022 due mainly to substantial loan growth in almost all major categories of loans. The loan and lease portfolio is mainly comprised of commercial, real estate and consumer loans including credit card and home equity loans. Since year-end 2021, commercial, financial and agricultural loans increased 471.6 million or 4.23 . In particular, commercial real estate loans increased 321.4 million or 4.18 while commercial loans (not secured by real estate) increased 150.2 million or 4.34 . Within commercial loans (not secured by real estate), Payment Protection Program PPP loans declined 267.4 million. Construction and land development loans increased 912.8 million or 45.32 , residential real estate loans increased 971.4 million or 26.31 , and consumer loans increased 173.1 million or 14.51 due to an increase in indirect automobile financing. Commercial Loans and Leases The commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of loans and leases to corporate borrowers primarily in small to mid-size industrial and commercial companies, as well as automobile dealers, service, retail and wholesale merchants. Collateral securing these loans includes equipment, machinery, inventory, receivables, vehicles and commercial real estate. Commercial loans and leases are considered to contain a higher level of risk than other loan types although care is taken to minimize these risks. Numerous risk factors impact this portfolio including industry specific risks such as economy, new technology, labor rates and cyclicality, as well as customer specific factors, such as cash flow, financial structure, operating controls and asset quality. United diversifies risk within this portfolio by closely monitoring industry concentrations and portfolios to ensure that it does not exceed established lending guidelines. Diversification is intended to limit the risk of loss from any single unexpected economic event or trend. Underwriting standards require a comprehensive credit analysis and independent evaluation of virtually all larger balance commercial loans by the loan committee prior to approval. Real Estate Loans Commercial real estate loans consist of commercial mortgages, which generally are secured by nonresidential and multi-family residential properties. Also included in this portfolio are loans that are secured by owner-occupied real estate, but made for purposes other than the construction or purchase of real estate. Commercial real estate loans are to many of the same customers and carry similar industry risks as the commercial loan portfolio. Real estate mortgage loans to consumers are secured primarily by a first lien deed of trust. These loans are traditional one-to-four family residential mortgages. The loans generally do not exceed an 80 loan to value ratio at the loan origination date and most are at a variable rate of interest. These loans are considered to be of normal risk. Also included in the category of real estate mortgage loans are home equity loans. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 406.8 million or 1.98 of United s loan portfolio were real estate loans that met the regulatory definition of a high loan-to-value loan. A high loan-to-value real estate loan is defined as any loan, line of credit, or combination of credits secured by liens on or interests in real estate that equals or exceeds a certain percentage established by United s primary regulator of the real estate s appraised value, unless the loan has other appropriate credit support. The certain percentage varies depending on the loan type and collateral. Appropriate credit support may include mortgage insurance, readily marketable collateral, or other acceptable collateral that reduces the loan-to-value ratio below the certain percentage. Consumer Loans Consumer loans are secured by automobiles, boats, recreational vehicles, and other personal property. Personal loans, student loans and unsecured credit card receivables are also included as consumer loans. United monitors the risk associated with these types of loans by monitoring such factors as portfolio growth, lending policies and economic conditions. Underwriting standards are continually evaluated and modified based upon these factors. Underwriting Standards United s loan underwriting guidelines and standards are updated periodically and are presented for approval by the Board of Directors of United Bank. The purpose of the standards and guidelines is to grant loans on a sound and collectible basis; to invest available funds in a safe, profitable manner; to serve the legitimate credit needs of the communities of United s primary market area; and to ensure that all loan applicants receive fair and equal treatment in the lending process. It is the intent of the underwriting guidelines and standards to minimize loan losses by carefully investigating the credit history of each applicant, verify the source of repayment and the ability of the applicant to repay, collateralize those loans in which collateral is deemed to be required, exercise care in the documentation of the application, review, approval, and origination process, and administer a comprehensive loan collection program. 
 6 

United s underwriting standards and practices are designed to originate both fixed and variable rate loan products in a manner which is consistent with the prudent banking practices applicable to these exposures. Typically, both fixed and variable rate loan underwriting practices incorporate conservative methodology, including the use of stress testing for commercial loans, and other product appropriate measures designed to provide an adequate margin of safety for the full collection of both principal and interest within contractual terms. Consumer real estate secured loans are underwritten to the initial rate, and to a higher assumed rate commensurate with normal market conditions. Therefore, it is the intent of United s underwriting standards to ensure that adequate primary repayment capacity exists to address both future increases in interest rates, and fluctuations in the underlying cash flows available for repayment. Historically, and at December 31, 2022, United has not offered teaser rate loans, and had no loan portfolio products which were specifically designed for sub-prime borrowers. Management defines sub-prime borrowers as consumer borrowers with a credit score of less than 660. The above guidelines are adhered to and subject to the experience, background and personal judgment of the loan officer assigned to the loan application. A loan officer may grant, with justification, a loan with variances from the underwriting guidelines and standards. However, the loan officer may not exceed his or her respective lending authority without obtaining the prior, proper approval as outlined in United s loan policy from a superior, a regional supervisor or market president (dual approval per policy) or the Loan Committee, whichever is deemed appropriate for the nature of the variance. Loan Concentrations United has commercial loans, including real estate and owner-occupied, income-producing real estate and land development loans, of approximately 14.2 billion as of December 31, 2022. These loans are primarily secured by real estate located in West Virginia, southeastern Ohio, southwestern Pennsylvania, Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina and the District of Columbia. United categorizes these commercial loans by industry according to the North American Industry Classification System NAICS to monitor the portfolio for possible concentrations in one or more industries. As of the most recent fiscal year-end, United has one such industry classification that exceeded 10 of total loans. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 9.6 billion or 46.38 of United s total loan portfolio were for real estate and construction. The loans were originated by United s subsidiary bank using underwriting standards as set forth by management. United s loan administration policies are focused on the risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, including commercial real estate loans, in terms of loan approval and credit quality. It is the opinion of management that these loans do not pose any unusual risks and that adequate consideration has been given to the above loans in establishing the allowance for loan losses. United does not have a loan classification concentration in the restaurants, hotel and accommodations industry. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.2 billion or 5.57 of United s total loan portfolio were to hotels and other traveler accommodations. In addition, United does not have a loan classification concentration in the mining, quarrying and oil and gas extraction industry. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 185.5 million or less than 1 of United s total loan portfolio were for the purpose of extracting, manufacturing and distributing oil, coal and natural gas. Secondary Markets United generally originates loans within the primary market area of United Bank. United may from time to time make loans to borrowers and/or on properties outside of its primary market area as an accommodation to its existing customers. United Bank, George Mason, and Crescent originate and acquire residential real estate loans for resale in the secondary market. Mortgage loan originations are generally intended to be sold in the secondary market on a best efforts or mandatory basis. Depending on the pricing in the marketplace, servicing rights are either sold or retained. 
 7 

During 2022, United originated 1.9 billion of real estate loans for sale in the secondary market and sold 2.2 billion of loans designated as held for sale in the secondary market. Net gains on the sales of these loans during 2022 were 41.3 million. The principal sources of revenue from United s mortgage banking business are: (i) loan origination fees; (ii) gains or losses from the sale of loans, (iii) interest earned on mortgage loans during the period that they are held by United pending sale, if any; and (iv) income on mortgage loans with servicing retained. Loan Servicing United through its mortgage banking subsidiary, Crescent, may retain the rights to service a portion of the loans sold in the third-party market, as part of its mortgage banking activities, for which United receives service fee income. In addition, at certain times United may purchase rights to service from third parties. These rights are known as mortgage servicing rights, or MSRs, where the owner of the MSR acts on behalf of the mortgage loan owner and has the contractual right to receive a stream of cash flows in exchange for performing specified mortgage servicing functions. These duties typically include, but are not limited to, performing loan administration, collection, and default activities, including the collection and remittance of loan payments, responding to customer inquiries, accounting for principal and interest, holding custodial (impound) funds for the payment of property taxes and insurance premiums, counseling delinquent mortgagors, modifying loans and supervising foreclosures and property dispositions. United subservices the duties and responsibilities obligated to the owner of the MSR to a third party provider for which we pay a fee. Investment Activities United s investment policy stresses the management of the investment securities portfolio, which includes both securities held to maturity and securities available for sale, to maximize return over the long-term in a manner that is consistent with good banking practices and relative safety of principal. United currently does not engage in trading account activity. The Asset/Liability Management Committee of United is responsible for the coordination and evaluation of the investment portfolio. Sources of funds for investment activities include core deposits . Core deposits include certain demand deposits, savings and NOW accounts. These deposits are relatively stable and they are the lowest cost source of funds available to United. Short-term borrowings have also been a significant source of funds. These include federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and FHLB borrowings. United s investment portfolio is comprised of a significant amount of mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions, U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. Government corporations and agencies and corporate securities. Obligations of states and political subdivisions are comprised of primarily investment grade rated municipal securities. Interest and dividends on securities for the years of 2022, 2021, and 2020 were 114.5 million, 61.9 million, and 66.8 million, respectively. For the year of 2022, United realized net gains on sales of securities of 2 thousand. For the years of 2021 and 2020, United realized net gains on sales of securities of 2.8 million and 3.2 million, respectively. Human Capital At United, one of our key competitive advantages is our people. Investment in our human capital is a top priority for the Company. As of December 31, 2022, United and its subsidiaries had 2,765 employees and officers. Of the 2,765 employees and officers, 2,331 are employed in the community banking segment, 366 are employed in the mortgage banking segment and 68 are in a general support and administrative function for the Company. None of these employees are represented by a collective bargaining unit and management considers employee relations to be excellent. We emphasize positive attitudes, communication, teamwork, goal attainment, personal growth, and the pursuit of excellence when it comes to delivering high-quality service to our customers and fellow employees. Our human capital management strategy focuses on recruiting, developing, and engaging a talented and diverse workforce. Our strategy embodies our core values of integrity, teamwork, hard work, and caring, and foster positive attitudes, communication, goal attainment, personal growth, and the pursuit of United s mission of excellence in service to our shareholders, our customers, our communities, and our employees. 
 8 

Focusing on talent selection and developing top talent remains a strong pillar of our organization. Our primary focus is to attract and advance the careers of employees with diverse backgrounds, experiences, ideas, and skills. We host college recruiting and internship programs that attract candidates from a variety of colleges and universities within our footprint. These two programs build a talent pipeline and prioritize these individuals for internal openings. Our Leadership Development Program provides an opportunity for the Company s rising talent from across our footprint and various business lines to strengthen their leadership and communication skills, increase their visibility within the organization, and establish internal networks. This program helps to cultivate a future pipeline of leaders across the institution. Over a period of four years, these individuals are empowered to work on pertinent projects designed to enhance revenue, reduce expenses, and improve risk management functions, while developing the members leadership, interactive, and managerial skills. Past members now hold key positions across the Company ranging from Department Managers to Line of Business Leaders to Executive Officers. One of our strategic priorities to ensure leadership continuity is effective succession planning. The Company has a formal plan to identify potential successors and actively develop those employees. The plan includes all critical management positions throughout the organization and is updated annually. This process is dynamic, and we have added additional management positions to the plan as the Company continues to evolve and grow. The Company s executives constantly review and evaluate personnel to identify pools of candidates with high levels of leadership potential and promote their progress by engineering their range of work experiences. We also have an internal and external training platform to ensure our employees have the necessary tools to fill these key positions effectively. United also has an effective and efficient onboarding program, introducing new team members to the culture and enabling an environment that helps them be engaged in their roles. We have rigorous interdepartmental training and development programs that provide employees with capabilities to perform their job functions, deliver results, and advance their careers. We partnered with West Virginia University to develop an executive training program aimed at developing the technical, theoretical, and applied skills needed for a successful launch into a career in Business Banking. High-performing employees are given opportunities to attend state and national banking schools, conferences, industry peer groups, and training webinars. All United employees have access to career development and skills-based training through our internal online Human Resources HR management system. United makes every effort to ensure that our compensation and benefits packages are inclusive and competitive to attract and retain talent. Our comprehensive benefit plans are designed to fully support our full-time and eligible part-time employees and their families through every stage of their life cycle, recognizing our employees individual needs and offering flexible benefit options. As an enhanced benefit, we recently increased our parental leave and family medical leave and added coverage for enhanced infertility coverage. We provide comprehensive health and wellness plans for all eligible employees as well as retirees of United. We also provide other paid-time off benefits such as vacation, sick time, personal days, and birthdays. The Company also provides financial wellness benefits to all employees through our 401K Plan in which the Company provides a competitive match of employee contributions. All employees are eligible to take advantage of United s Employee Stock Purchase Plan through payroll deductions. United Bank s annual performance evaluation process provides the opportunity for discussing, planning, and reviewing the performance of each employee. The goal is to help employees clearly define and understand the responsibilities and expectations of their position while also identifying employees with high potential for advancement within the company. Performance evaluations also provide an opportunity for employees to be awarded additional compensation based on merit. Managers are expected to maintain open communication throughout the year as it pertains to the performance and mentorship of their employees. Training is provided to managers annually to prepare them for difficult conversations, analyzing team compensation, and maintaining fairness, among other topics. 
 9 

We are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for our employees and offer services to foster the best physical, mental, and social well-being of our workforce. United s Employee Assistance Program provides all employees a comprehensive and personalized process with a tailored approach to meet employees where they are and supports them through whatever journey they may be facing. The Employee Assistance Program provides unlimited phone access for information, resources, and referrals and provides sessions with a counselor for the employee and their family members. The employee, and their family, can also take advantage of a host of web-based resources the program provides. The commitment to our employees and their family s well-being is at the forefront for United and allows us to be competitive in attracting and retaining top talent and ensuring our employee benefits remain competitive when compared with other institutions. In addition, at United, we are committed to nurturing an inclusive culture that: is reflective of the communities we serve; celebrates diversity of thought, backgrounds, and experience; promotes respect and a shared purpose; and aligns with our core values. United has a cross-functional Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council DE I Council to advise executive and senior leadership on the Company s diversity, equity, and inclusion strategy and to implement and manage programs to accomplish and support these priorities. United added a diversity trainer to the Learning Talent Development Team who facilitates workshops available to all employees. In 2022, 100 of new hires completed implicit bias training and new supervisors participated in cultivating inclusive team workshops. DE I employee liaisons were selected through an application process, received training on courageous conversations, and then held open forums with local colleagues related to various DE I topics. The Management Information System MIS team has collaborated with the HR department to apply best practices in data governance to the metrics that are so critical to measuring success in DE I. To continue to cultivate our inclusive culture, United offers employees a way to report confidential and anonymous issues of concern through our website. Whether it is a compliance or regulatory violation, wrongdoing, improper conduct, or harassment, the confidential report will be instantly and discreetly forwarded for review. Competition United faces a high degree of competition in all of the markets it serves. We face strong competition in gathering deposits, making loans and obtaining client assets for management by our investment or trust operations. United considers all of West Virginia to be included in its market area. This area includes the five largest West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Areas MSA ): the Parkersburg MSA, the Charleston MSA, the Huntington MSA, the Morgantown MSA and the Wheeling MSA. United serves the Ohio counties of Lawrence, Belmont, Jefferson and Washington and Fayette county in Pennsylvania primarily because of their close proximity to the Ohio and Pennsylvania borders and United banking offices located in those counties or in nearby West Virginia. United s Virginia markets include the Maryland, northern Virginia and Washington, D.C. MSA, the Winchester MSA, the Harrisonburg MSA, and the Charlottesville MSA. Through its acquisition of Carolina Financial, United s market also includes the Coastal, Midlands, and Upstate regions of South Carolina, including the Charleston (Charleston, Dorchester and Berkeley Counties), Myrtle Beach (Horry and Georgetown Counties), Columbia (Richland and Lexington Counties), and the Upstate (Greenville and Spartanburg Counties) areas as well as areas in North Carolina including Wilmington (New Hanover County), Raleigh-Durham (Durham and Wake Counties), Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia (NC and SC) and the southeastern coastal region of North Carolina (Bladen, Brunswick, Columbus, Cumberland, Duplin and Robeson Counties). Through its acquisition of Community Bankers Trust, United added new markets in Baltimore and Annapolis, Maryland and Lynchburg and Richmond, Virginia as well as the Northern Neck of Virginia. United considers all of the above locations to be the primary market areas for the business of its banking and mortgage banking subsidiaries. With prior regulatory approval, Virginia banks are permitted unlimited branch banking throughout each state. In addition, interstate acquisitions of and by Virginia banks and bank holding companies are permissible on a reciprocal basis, as well as reciprocal interstate acquisitions by thrift institutions. These conditions serve to intensify competition within United s market. 
 10 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 67 bank holding companies operating in the State of West Virginia registered with the Federal Reserve System and the West Virginia Board of Banking and Financial Institutions, 115 bank holding companies operating in the Commonwealth of Virginia registered with the Federal Reserve System and the Virginia State Corporation Commission, 88 bank holding companies operating in the State of North Carolina registered with the Federal Reserve System and the N.C. Office of the Commissioner of Banks and 76 bank holding companies operating in the State of South Carolina registered with the Federal Reserve System and the South Carolina State Board of Financial Institutions. These holding companies are headquartered in various states and control banks throughout West Virginia, Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina, which compete for business as well as for the acquisition of additional banks. Regulation and Supervision United, as a financial holding company, is subject to the restrictions of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is registered pursuant to its provisions. As such, United is subject to the reporting requirements of and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Board of Governors ). The Bank Holding Company Act prohibits the acquisition by a bank holding company of direct or indirect ownership of more than five percent of the voting shares of any bank within the United States without prior approval of the Board of Governors. With certain exceptions, a bank holding company also is prohibited from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than five percent of the voting shares of any company which is not a bank, and from engaging directly or indirectly in business unrelated to the business of banking, or managing or controlling banks. The Board of Governors, in its Regulation Y, permits financial holding companies to engage in preapproved non-banking activities closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks. Approval of the Board of Governors is necessary to engage in certain other non-banking activities which are not preapproved or to make acquisitions of corporations engaging in these activities. In addition, on a case-by-case basis, the Board of Governors may approve other non-banking activities. A financial holding company may also engage in financial activities, including securities underwriting and dealing, insurance agency and underwriting activities, and merchant banking activities. As a financial holding company doing business in West Virginia, United is also subject to regulation and examination by the West Virginia Board of Banking and Financial Institutions (the West Virginia Banking Board and must submit annual reports to the West Virginia Banking Board. Further, any acquisition application that United must submit to the Board of Governors must also be submitted to the West Virginia Banking Board for approval. The Board of Governors has broad authority to prohibit activities of financial holding companies and their non-banking subsidiaries that represent unsafe and unsound banking practices or which constitute violations of laws or regulations. The Board of Governors also can assess civil money penalties for certain activities conducted on a knowing and reckless basis, if those activities caused a substantial loss to a depository institution. The penalties can be as high as 1 million for each day the activity continues. United Bank, as a Virginia state member bank, is subject to supervision, examination, and regulation by the Federal Reserve System, and as such, is subject to applicable provisions of the Federal Reserve Act and regulations issued thereunder. United Bank is subject to the Virginia banking statutes and regulations, and is primarily regulated by the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions. As a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), United Bank s deposits are insured as required by federal law. Bank regulatory authorities regularly examine revenues, loans, investments, management practices, and other aspects of United Bank. These examinations are conducted primarily to protect depositors and not shareholders. In addition to these regular examinations, United Bank must furnish to regulatory authorities quarterly reports containing full and accurate statements of its affairs. 
 11 

United is also under the jurisdiction of the SEC and certain state securities commissions in regard to the offering and sale of its securities. Generally, United must file under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, as amended, to issue additional shares of its common stock. United is also registered under and is subject to the regulatory and disclosure requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as administered by the SEC. United is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the quotation symbol UBSI, and is subject to the rules of the NASDAQ for listed companies. SEC regulations require us to disclose certain types of business and financial data on a regular basis to the SEC and to our shareholders. We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. We prepare and file an annual report on Form 10-K with the SEC that contains detailed financial and operating information, as well as a management response to specific questions about United s operations. SEC regulations require that our annual reports to shareholders contain certified financial statements and other specific items such as management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations. We must also file quarterly reports with the SEC on Form 10-Q that contain detailed financial and operating information for the prior quarter and we must file current reports on Form 8-K to provide the pubic with information on recent material events. In addition to periodic reporting to the SEC, we are subject to proxy rules and tender offer rules issued by the SEC. Our officers, directors and principal shareholders (holding 10 or more of our stock) must also submit reports to the SEC regarding their holdings of our stock and any changes to such holdings, and they are subject to short-swing profit liability. Dividends and Stock Repurchases The principal source of United s liquidity is dividends from United Bank. The prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board is required if the total of all dividends declared by a state-chartered member bank in any calendar year would exceed the sum of the bank s net profits for that year and its retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years, less any required transfers to surplus or to fund the retirement of preferred stock. Federal law also prohibits a state-chartered, member bank from paying dividends that would be greater than the bank s undivided profits. United Bank is also subject to limitations under Virginia state law regarding the level of dividends that may be paid. In addition, United and United Bank are subject to other regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The appropriate federal regulatory authority is authorized to determine under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank holding company or a bank that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. The appropriate federal regulatory authorities have stated that paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice and that banking organizations should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. In addition, in the current financial and economic environment, the Federal Reserve Board has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. In July 2019, the federal bank regulators adopted final rules (the Capital Simplifications Rules that, among other things, eliminated the standalone prior approval requirement in the Basel III Capital Rules for any repurchase of common stock. In certain circumstances, United s repurchases of its common stock may be subject to a prior approval or notice requirement under other regulations, policies or supervisory expectations of the Federal Reserve Board. Any redemption or repurchase of preferred stock or subordinated debt remains subject to the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA imposes a new 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased after December 31, 2022 by publicly traded U.S. corporations. With certain exceptions, the value of stock repurchased is determined net of stock issued in the year, including shares issued pursuant to compensatory arrangements. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act), into law. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly changes regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act includes, among other things, provisions creating a Financial Services Oversight Council to identify emerging systemic risks and improve interagency cooperation; centralizing the responsibility for 
 12 

consumer financial protection by creating a new agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial laws; permanently raising the current standard maximum deposit insurance amount to 250,000; establishing strengthened capital standards for banks, and disallowing trust preferred securities as qualifying for Tier 1 capital (subject to certain grandfather provisions for existing trust preferred securities); establishing new minimum mortgage underwriting standards; granting the Federal Reserve Board the power to regulate debit card interchange fees; and implementing corporate governance changes. On May 24, 2018, President Trump signed into law the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the EGRRCPA Act) which provides certain limited amendments to the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as certain targeted modifications to other post-financial crisis regulatory requirements. In addition, the legislation establishes new consumer protections and amends various securities- and investment company-related requirements. The EGRRCPA Act primarily amends several other laws, including the Truth in Lending Act (TILA), Federal Credit Union Act, Federal Deposit Insurance Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) and Securities Act of 1933. The Act is divided into six titles, which aim to: improve consumer access to mortgage credit (Title I); provide regulatory relief and protect consumer access to credit (Title II); protect the credit information of consumers, including veterans and servicemembers (Title III); tailor regulations for certain bank holding companies, including raising the threshold levels for exemption from certain prudential standards and stress testing (Title IV); encourage capital formation by reforming certain Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations (Title V); and protect student borrowers (Title VI). Deposit Insurance The deposits of United Bank are insured by the FDIC to the extent provided by law. Accordingly, United Bank is also subject to regulation by the FDIC. United Bank is subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the FDIC. The FDIC utilizes a risk-based assessment system that imposes insurance premiums based upon a risk matrix that takes into account a bank s capital level and supervisory rating (CAMELS rating) and certain financial measures to assess an institution s ability to withstand asset-related stress and funding-related stress. The risk matrix utilizes four risk categories which are distinguished by capital levels and supervisory ratings. In April 2011, the FDIC implemented rulemaking under the Dodd-Frank Act to reform the deposit insurance assessment system. The final rule redefined the assessment base used for calculating deposit insurance assessments. Specifically, the rule bases assessments on an institution s total assets less tangible capital, as opposed to total deposits. Since the new base is larger than the prior base, the FDIC also proposed lowering assessment rates so that the rules would not significantly alter the total amount of revenue collected from the industry. The new assessment scale ranges from 2.5 basis points for the least risky institutions to 45 basis points for the riskiest. As part of its changes in April 2011, the FDIC established a new methodology for determining assessment rates for large and highly complex institutions, as defined in the rules. In October 2012, the FDIC announced revised changes to some of the definitions used to determine assessment rates for these large and highly complex insured depository institutions. The rule generally applies to FDIC-regulated banks with assets greater than 10 billion and took effect April 1, 2013. In the second quarter of 2018, United Bank was reclassified as a large institution for deposit insurance assessment purposes. Generally, this new classification resulted in higher FDIC insurance premiums. On September 30, 2018, the Deposit Insurance Fund Reserve Ratio reached 1.36 , exceeding the statutorily required minimum reserve ratio of 1.35 ahead of the September 30, 2020, deadline required under the Dodd-Frank Act. FDIC regulations provide for two changes to deposit insurance assessments upon reaching the minimum: (1) surcharges on insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of 10 billion or more (large banks) ceased on December 28, 2018; and (2) small banks will receive assessment credits for the portion of their assessments that contributed to the growth in the reserve ratio from between 1.15 and 1.35 , to be applied when the reserve ratio is at or above 1.38 . United benefited from both these changes. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates for insured depository institutions by 2 basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment rate schedules would remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund meets or exceeds 2 percent. As a result of the new rule, the FDIC insurance costs of insured depository institutions, including United Bank, would generally increase. 
 13 

United s FDIC insurance expense totaled 12.0 million, 8.3 million, and 10.1 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Capital Requirements United and United Bank are each required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the Federal Reserve Board (the Basel III Capital Rules ). Since fully phased in on January 1, 2019, the Basel III Capital Rules require United and United Bank to maintain the following: 

A minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of 7.0 ); 

A minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ); 

A minimum ratio of total capital (Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5 ); and 

A minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 , calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on consolidated financial statements (known as the leverage ratio ). Banking institutions that fail to meet the effective minimum ratios once the capital conservation buffer is taken into account, as detailed above, will be subject to constraints on capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, and certain discretionary executive compensation. The severity of the constraints depends on the amount of the shortfall and the institution s eligible retained income (that is, the greater of (i) net income for the preceding four quarters, net of distributions and associated tax effects not reflected in net income and (ii) the average net income over the preceding four quarters). The Basel III Capital Rules and the Capital Simplification Rules also provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that certain deferred tax assets and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 25 of CET1. Prior to the adoption of the Capital Simplification Rules in July 2019, amounts were deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeded 10 of CET1 or all such items, in the aggregate, exceeded 15 of CET1. The Capital Simplification Rules took effect for United and United Bank as of January 1, 2020. These limitations did not impact our regulatory capital during any of the reported periods. In addition, under the general risk-based capital rules, the effects of accumulated other comprehensive income items included in capital were excluded for the purposes of determining regulatory capital ratios. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the effects of certain accumulated other comprehensive income items are not excluded; however, non-advanced approaches banking organizations, including United and United Bank, were able to make a one-time permanent election to continue to exclude these items. Both United and United Bank made this election in order to avoid significant variations in the level of capital depending upon the impact of interest rate fluctuations on the fair value of their available-for-sale securities portfolio. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, trust preferred securities no longer included in our Tier 1 capital may nonetheless be included as a component of Tier 2 capital on a permanent basis without phase-out. In February 2019, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule (the 2019 CECL Rule that revised certain capital regulations to account for changes to credit loss accounting under U.S. GAAP. The 2019 CECL Rule included a transition option that allows banking organizations to phase in, over a three-year period, the day-one adverse effects of adopting a new accounting standard related to the measurement of current expected credit losses CECL on their regulatory capital ratios (three-year transition option). In March 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule that maintains the three-year transition option of the 2019 CECL Rule and also provides banking organizations that were required under U.S. GAAP (as of January 2020) to implement CECL before the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years an estimate of the effect of CECL on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (five-year transition option). We elected to adopt the five-year transition option. 
 14 

The Basel III Capital Rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weightings that expanded the risk-weighting categories from the general risk-based capital rules to a much larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures (and higher percentages for certain other types of interests), and resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories. In November 2019, the federal banking agencies adopted a rule revising the scope of commercial real estate mortgages subject to a 150 risk weight. In December 2017, the Basel Committee published standards that it described as the finalization of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms (the standards are commonly referred to as Basel IV ). Among other things, these standards revise the Basel Committee s standardized approach for credit risk (including by recalibrating risk weights and introducing new capital requirements for certain unconditionally cancellable commitments, such as unused credit card lines of credit) and provides a new standardized approach for operational risk capital. Under the Basel framework, these standards generally became effective on January 1, 2022, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2027. Under the current U.S. capital rules, operational risk capital requirements and a capital floor apply only to advanced approaches institutions, and not to United or United Bank. The impact of Basel IV on us will depend on the manner in which it is implemented by the federal bank regulators. Failure to meet statutorily mandated capital guidelines or more restrictive ratios separately established for a financial institution could subject United to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on accepting or renewing brokered deposits, limitations on the rates of interest that the institution may pay on its deposits and other restrictions on its business. As described below, significant additional restrictions can be imposed on United if it would fail to meet applicable capital requirements. Prompt Corrective Action The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA establishes a regulatory scheme, which ties the level of supervisory intervention by bank regulatory authorities primarily to a depository institution s capital category. Among other things, FDICIA authorizes regulatory authorities to take prompt corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. Effective January 1, 2015, under the Basel III Capital Rules, the current prompt corrective action requirements for an institution to be well-capitalized is a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or greater, a CET1 ratio of 6.5 or greater and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5 percent or greater. United Bank was considered a well capitalized institution as of December 31, 2022. Well-capitalized institutions are permitted to engage in a wider range of banking activities, including among other things, the accepting of brokered deposits, and the offering of interest rates on deposits higher than the prevailing rate in their respective markets. Community Reinvestment Act The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 CRA requires depository institutions to assist in meeting the credit needs of their market areas consistent with safe and sound banking practice. Under the CRA, each depository institution is required to help meet the credit needs of its market areas by, among other things, providing credit to low- and moderate-income individuals and communities. Depository institutions are periodically examined for compliance with the CRA and are assigned ratings. Banking regulators take into account CRA ratings when considering approval of a proposed transaction. 
 15 

In the third quarter of 2022, United Bank received a Community Reinvestment Act CRA Performance Evaluation from the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond (the FRB with a rating of Needs to Improve. Based on its performance on the individual components of the CRA exam, United Bank received a rating of Satisfactory. These individual components were a High Satisfactory rating for the Lending Test, an Outstanding rating for the Investment Test and a High Satisfactory rating for the Service Test. United Bank s final overall rating, however, was downgraded to Needs to Improve as a result of a Fair Housing Act violation cited in the Washington DC Metropolitan Statistical Area following a FRB fair lending examination of United Bank and its wholly-owned subsidiary, George Mason Mortgage, LLC. This matter was also the subject of an investigation by the Department of Justice. The Department of Justice, however, has advised United Bank in writing that it has completed its review of this matter and determined that the circumstances of this matter do not require enforcement action by the Department of Justice at this time. The FRB Performance Evaluation states that United Bank management has taken action to address the deficiencies and committed to taking further voluntary corrective actions to prevent further violations. A Needs to Improve rating results in restrictions on certain expansionary activities, including certain mergers and acquisitions and the establishment of bank branches. These restrictions will remain in place until the FRB issues a higher CRA rating following a subsequent CRA examination. The next CRA examination commenced in October 2022 and United Bank is awaiting the results. The precise timing of any results therefrom will not be known until later. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ), the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC issued a joint notice of proposed rulemaking on May 5, 2022, proposing revisions to the CRA regulations. Comments on the proposed rulemaking were due by August 5, 2022. In September, 2022, legislation was introduced to significantly revise the CRA to add a number of new substantive and procedural requirements. This legislation may delay the pending proposed rulemaking by the banking regulators. We will continue to evaluate the impact of any changes to the regulations implementing the CRA and their impact to our financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity, which cannot be predicted at this time. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act The CARES Act, which became law on March 27, 2020, provided over 2 trillion to combat the coronavirus COVID-19 and stimulate the economy. Many of the CARES Act s programs, including the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), are dependent upon the direct involvement of U.S. financial institutions and have been implemented through rules and guidance adopted by federal departments and agencies, including the U.S. Department of Treasury, the Federal Reserve and other federal banking agencies, including those with direct supervisory jurisdiction over United and United Bank. Furthermore, as the on-going COVID-19 pandemic evolves, federal regulatory authorities continue to issue additional guidance with respect to the implementation, lifecycle, and eligibility requirements for the various CARES Act programs as well as industry-specific recovery procedures for COVID-19. On December 27, 2020, then President Trump signed into law the 2021 Consolidated Appropriations Act (the CAA ), an approximately 900 billion bill, which extended several provisions of the CARES Act as well as provided additional COVID-19 relief. In particular, the CAA extended weekly unemployment benefits, provided another round of economic stimulus payments to individuals and families, lengthened temporary suspensions and modifications of several-bank related provisions and provided more aid to small businesses. On March 11, 2021, President Joe Biden signed into law the 1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan Act of 2021. The legislation included additional stimulus checks to eligible individuals and an extension of the 300-per-week supplement to federal unemployment benefits through September 6, 2021. The legislation also allocates funding to small businesses, state and local governments, and COVID-19 vaccination and testing and tracing efforts. The legislation also modified the PPP to clarify that the SBA affiliation rules would not apply to certain applicants. Specifically, 501(c)(3) organizations that employ not more than 500 employees per physical location of the organization would become eligible for the program. The legislation also provided an additional 7.25 billion for the program. However, the legislation did not extend the March 31, 2021 application deadline. On March 27, 2021, the COVID-19 Bankruptcy Relief Extension Act of 2021 was enacted, extending the bankruptcy relief provisions enacted in the CARES Act of 2020 bill until March 27, 2022. These provisions provide financially distressed small businesses and individuals greater access to bankruptcy relief. 
 16 

On March 30, 2021, President Biden signed into law the PPP Extension Act of 2021. This bill extended the PPP through June 30, 2021. For the final 30 days of the program (i.e., from June 1 until June 30), the SBA may only process applications submitted prior to June 1, and it may not accept any new loan applications. On June 24, 2021, President Biden announced that the three federal agencies that back mortgages the Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD ), Department of Veterans Affairs VA ), and Department of Agriculture USDA extended their respective foreclosure moratorium for one, final month, until July 31, 2021. The Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA also announced that it extended the foreclosure moratorium for mortgages backed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac until July 31, 2021. President Biden emphasized that this was the final extension. On January 30, 2023, President Biden announced that he intends to end both the national emergency and the public health emergency declarations related to COVID-19 on May 11, 2023. Cybersecurity In February 2018, the SEC published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking law and regulations. The federal banking regulators regularly issue new guidance and standards, and update existing guidance and standards, regarding cybersecurity intended to enhance cyber risk management among financial institutions. Financial institutions are expected to comply with such guidance and standards and to accordingly develop appropriate security controls and risk management processes. If we fail to observe such regulatory guidance or standards, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. In November 2021, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule, with compliance by May 1, 2022, that requires banking organizations to notify their primary banking regulator within 36 hours of determining that a computer-security incident has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization s ability to carry out banking operations or deliver banking products and services to a material portion of its customer base, its businesses and operations that would result in material loss, or its operations that would impact the stability of the United States. In the ordinary course of business, United relies on electronic communications and information systems to conduct its operations and to store sensitive data. United employs an in-depth, layered, defensive approach that leverages people, processes and technology to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls. United employs a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as to report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. Notwithstanding the strength of its defensive measures, the threat from cyber-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures. While to date, United and United Bank have not experienced a significant compromise, significant data loss or any material financial losses related to cybersecurity attacks, United s systems and those of its customers and third-party service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that United could experience a significant event in the future. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks, including litigation and enforcement risks, are expected to be elevated for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by United and its customers. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a further discussion of risk related to cybersecurity. Deposit Acquisition Limitation Under West Virginia banking law, an acquisition or merger is not permitted if the resulting depository institution or its holding company, including its affiliated depository institutions, would assume additional deposits to cause it to control deposits in the State of West Virginia in excess of twenty five percent (25 of such total amount of all deposits held by insured depository institutions in West Virginia. This limitation may be waived by the Commissioner of Banking by showing good cause. 
 17 

Consumer Laws and Regulations In addition to the banking laws and regulations discussed above, bank subsidiaries are also subject to certain consumer laws and regulations that are designed to protect consumers in transactions with banks. Among the more prominent of such laws and regulations are the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act and the Fair Housing Act. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits or making loans to such customers. United s bank subsidiary must comply with the applicable provisions of these consumer protection laws and regulations as part of its ongoing customer relations. As discussed above, the Dodd-Frank Act centralized responsibility for consumer financial protection by creating the CFPB, and giving it responsibility for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority over consumer financial products and services, including deposit products, residential mortgages, home-equity loans, and credit cards. The CFPB s functions include investigating consumer complaints, rulemaking, supervising and examining banks consumer transactions, and enforcing rules related to consumer financial products and services. Banks with more than 10 billion in assets, such as United Bank, are subject to supervision by the CFPB with respect to these federal consumer financial laws. Anti-Money Laundering and the USA Patriot Act A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, or the USA Patriot Act, substantially broadened the scope of United States anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. Financial institutions are also prohibited from entering into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must use enhanced due diligence procedures in their dealings with certain types of high-risk customers and implement a written customer identification program. Financial institutions must take certain steps to assist government agencies in detecting and preventing money laundering and report certain types of suspicious transactions. Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 AMLA ), which amends the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 BSA ), was enacted in January 2021. The AMLA is intended to be a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, it codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the U.S. Department of the Treasury to promulgate priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy; requires the development of standards for testing technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement- and investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations; and expands BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. Many of the statutory provisions in the AMLA will require additional rulemakings, reports and other measures, and the impact of the AMLA will depend on, among other things, rulemaking and implementation guidance. In June 2021, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, issued the priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy required under the AMLA. The priorities include: corruption, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, transnational crime, drug trafficking, human trafficking and proliferation financing. 
 18 

Incentive Compensation The Federal Reserve Board reviews, as part of its regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as United, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews are tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of this supervisory initiative will be included in reports of examination. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization s ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. In June 2010, the Federal Reserve Board, OCC and FDIC issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. In April and May of 2016, the Federal Reserve Board, other federal banking agencies and the SEC (the Agencies jointly published proposed rulemaking designed to implement provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act prohibiting incentive compensation arrangements that would encourage inappropriate risk taking at a covered institution, which includes a bank or bank holding company with 1 billion or more of assets, such as United. The proposed rule expanded beyond the June 2010 principals based guidance and broadened the scope to include community banks. The proposed rules (i) prohibit incentive-based compensation arrangements that encourage executive officers, employees, directors or principal shareholders to expose the institution to inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation (based on the standards for excessive compensation adopted pursuant to the FDIA) and (ii) prohibit incentive-based compensation arrangements for executive officers, employees, directors or principal shareholders that could lead to a material financial loss for the institution. The proposed rule requires covered institutions to establish policies and procedures for monitoring and evaluating their compensation practices. In August 2022, the SEC adopted final rules requiring public companies to disclose the relationship between the executive compensation actually paid to the company s named executive officers NEOs and the company s financial performance. The final rules implement the pay versus performance disclosure requirements mandated by Section 953(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act. Disclosure related to these final rules will be effective for United s proxy statement filed in 2023. In October 2022, the SEC adopted the final clawback rule mandated by Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act directing national securities exchanges and associations, including the NASDAQ, to implement listing standards that require listed companies to adopt policies mandating the recovery or clawback of excess incentive-based compensation earned by a current or former executive officer during the three fiscal years preceding the date the listed company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, including to correct an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. The final rule requires United to adopt a clawback policy within 60 days after such listing standard becomes effective. The scope and content of the U.S. banking regulators policies on incentive compensation are continuing to develop. It cannot be determined at this time whether or when a final rule will be adopted and whether compliance with such a final rule will adversely affect the ability of United and United Bank to hire, retain and motivate their key employees. 

Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS United is subject to risks inherent to the Company s business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair United s business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 
 19 

REGULATORY AND LITIGATION RISKS Our Needs to Improve rating under The Community Reinvestment Act may restrict our operations and limit our ability to pursue certain strategic opportunities. In the third quarter of 2022, United Bank received a Community Reinvestment Act CRA Performance Evaluation from the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond (the FRB with a rating of Needs to Improve. Based on its performance on the individual components of the CRA exam, the Bank received a rating of Satisfactory. These individual components were a High Satisfactory rating for the Lending Test, an Outstanding rating for the Investment Test and a High Satisfactory rating for the Service Test. The Bank s final overall rating, however, was downgraded to Needs to Improve as a result of a Fair Housing Act violation cited in the Washington DC Metropolitan Statistical Area following a FRB fair lending examination of the Bank and its wholly-owned subsidiary, George Mason Mortgage, LLC. This matter was also the subject of an investigation by the Department of Justice. The Department of Justice, however, has advised the Bank in writing that it has completed its review of this matter and determined that the circumstances of this matter do not require enforcement action by the Department of Justice at this time. The FRB Performance Evaluation states that United Bank management has taken action to address the deficiencies and committed to taking further voluntary corrective actions to prevent further violations. A Needs to Improve rating results in restrictions on certain expansionary activities, including certain mergers and acquisitions and the establishment of bank branches. These restrictions will remain in place until the FRB issues a higher CRA rating following a subsequent CRA examination. The next CRA examination commenced in October 2022 and United Bank is awaiting the results. The precise timing of any results therefrom will not be known until later. United is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision. United is subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision and examination which vests significant discretion in the various regulatory authorities. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, not shareholders. These regulations affect United s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, operations and growth, among other things. These regulations also impose obligations to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls, among other things, to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identities of United s customers. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in July 2010, instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes. Other changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect United in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject the Company to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products United may offer and/or increase the ability of nonbanks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. United expends substantial effort and incurs costs to improve its systems, audit capabilities, staffing and training in order to satisfy regulatory requirements, but the regulatory authorities may determine that such efforts are insufficient. Failure to comply with relevant laws, regulations or policies could result in enforcement and other legal actions, sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money and criminal penalties, the loss of FDIC insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, significant fines and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on United s business, financial condition and results of operations. In this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies, are pursuing aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures. Directives issued to enforce such actions may be confidential and thus, in some instances, we are not permitted to publicly disclose these actions. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See the section captioned Regulation and Supervision included in Item 1. While the Company has policies and procedures designed to prevent any such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. 
 20 

In the normal course of business, United and its subsidiaries are routinely subject to examinations and challenges from federal and state tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due in connection with investments that the Company has made and the businesses in which United has engaged. Recently, federal and state taxing authorities have become increasingly aggressive in challenging tax positions taken by financial institutions. These tax positions may relate to tax compliance, sales and use, franchise, gross receipts, payroll, property and income tax issues, including tax base, apportionment and tax credit planning. The challenges made by tax authorities may result in adjustments to the timing or amount of taxable income or deductions or the allocation of income among tax jurisdictions. If any such challenges are made and are not resolved in the Company s favor, they could have a material adverse effect on United s financial condition and results of operations. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB may reshape the consumer financial laws through rulemaking and enforcement of the prohibitions against unfair, deceptive and abusive business practices. Compliance with any such change may impact the business operations of depository institutions offering consumer financial products or services, including United Bank . The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority to administer and carry out the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act with respect to financial institutions that offer covered financial products and services to consumers. The CFPB has also been directed to write rules identifying practices or acts that are unfair, deceptive or abusive in connection with any transaction with a consumer for a consumer financial product or service, or the offering of a consumer financial product or service. The concept of what may be considered to be an abusive practice is relatively new under the law. Moreover, United Bank is supervised and examined by the CFPB for compliance with the CFPB s regulations and policies. The costs and limitations related to this additional regulatory reporting regimen have yet to be fully determined, although they may be material and the limitations and restrictions that will be placed upon United Bank with respect to its consumer product offering and services may produce significant, material effects on United Bank (and United s) profitability. United is subject to higher regulatory capital requirements and failure to comply with these standards may impact dividend payments, equity repurchases and executive compensation. United and United Bank are each required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the Federal Reserve Board (the FRB ). From time to time, the FRB changes these capital adequacy standards. In particular, the capital requirements applicable to United under the Basel III rules became fully effective on January 1, 2019. Under the Basel III rules, United is required to maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 , a total capital ratio of 8 , and a leverage ratio of 4 . In addition, United must maintain an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of total risk weighted assets. Banking institutions that fail to meet the effective minimum ratios including the capital conservation buffer will be subject to constraints on capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, and certain discretionary executive compensation. The severity of the constraints depends on the amount of the shortfall and the institution s eligible retained income (that is, four quarter trailing net income, net of distributions and tax effects not reflected in net income). The Basel III changes have resulted in generally higher minimum capital ratios than in the past that requires United and its subsidiaries to maintain capital buffers above minimum requirements to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and executive bonus payments. In addition, the application of more stringent capital requirements for United could, among other things, result in lower returns on invested capital, require the raising of additional capital and result in additional regulatory actions if United were to be unable to comply with such requirements. Implementation of changes to asset risk weightings for risk based capital calculations, items included or deducted in calculating regulatory capital and/or additional capital conservation buffers could result in management modifying its business strategy and could limit United s ability to make distributions, including paying dividends. 
 21 

United s earnings are significantly affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies . The policies of the Federal Reserve impact United significantly. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its policies directly and indirectly influence the rate of interest earned on loans and paid on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of financial instruments we hold. Those policies determine to a significant extent our cost of funds for lending and investing. Changes in those policies are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. Federal Reserve policies can also affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. For example, a tightening of the money supply by the Federal Reserve could reduce the demand for a borrower s products and services. This could adversely affect the borrower s earnings and ability to repay its loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. United may be terminated as a servicer of mortgage loans, be required to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse investors for credit losses on a mortgage loan, or incur costs, liabilities, fines and other sanctions if we fail to satisfy our servicing obligations, including our obligations with respect to mortgage loan foreclosure actions . United, through its mortgage banking subsidiary, Crescent, acts as servicer for approximately 3.4 billion of mortgage loans owned by third parties as of December 31, 2022. As a servicer for those loans, United has certain contractual obligations, including foreclosing on defaulted mortgage loans or, to the extent applicable, considering alternatives to foreclosure such as loan modifications or short sales. If United commits a material breach of its obligations as servicer, United may be subject to termination as servicer if the breach is not cured within a specified period of time following notice, causing United to lose servicing income. In some cases, United may be contractually obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse the investor for credit losses incurred on the loan as a remedy for servicing errors with respect to the loan. If United has increased repurchase obligations because of claims that United did not satisfy our obligations as a servicer, or increased loss severity on such repurchases, United may have a significant reduction to net servicing income within its noninterest income. United may incur costs if United is required to, or if United elects to, re-execute or re-file documents or take other action in its capacity as a servicer in connection with pending or completed foreclosures. United may incur litigation costs if the validity of a foreclosure action is challenged by a borrower. If a court were to overturn a foreclosure because of errors or deficiencies in the foreclosure process, United may have liability to the borrower and/or to any title insurer of the property sold in foreclosure if the required process was not followed. These costs and liabilities may not be legally or otherwise reimbursable to United. In addition, if certain documents required for a foreclosure action are missing or defective, United could be obligated to cure the defect or repurchase the loan. United may incur liability to securitization investors relating to delays or deficiencies in its processing of mortgage assignments or other documents necessary to comply with state law governing foreclosures. The fair value of United s mortgage servicing rights may be negatively affected to the extent our servicing costs increase because of higher foreclosure costs. United may be subject to fines and other sanctions imposed by federal or state regulators as a result of actual or perceived deficiencies in our foreclosure practices or in the foreclosure practices of other mortgage loan servicers. Any of these actions may harm United s reputation or negatively affect its home lending or servicing business. United may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify buyers against losses in some circumstances, which could harm liquidity, results of operations and financial condition . When mortgage loans are sold, whether as whole loans or pursuant to a securitization, United is required to make customary representations and warranties to purchasers, guarantors and insurers, including the government sponsored enterprises, about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. Whole loan sale agreements require repurchase or substitute mortgage loans, or indemnification of buyers against losses, in the event United breaches these representations or warranties. In addition, United may be required to repurchase mortgage loans as a result of early payment default of the borrower on a mortgage loan. With respect to loans that are originated through United s broker or correspondent channels, the remedies available against the originating broker or correspondent, if any, may not be as broad as the remedies available to purchasers, guarantors and insurers of mortgage loans against United. United faces further risk that the originating broker or correspondent, if any, may not have financial capacity to perform remedies that otherwise may be available. Therefore, if a purchaser, guarantor or insurer enforces its remedies against United, it may not be able to recover losses from the originating broker or correspondent. If repurchase and indemnity demands increase and such demands are valid claims and are in excess of United s provision for potential losses, its liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 22 

CREDIT RISKS There are no assurances as to adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. The FASB s Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, effective for United as of January 1, 2020, substantially changes the accounting for credit losses on loans, leases and other financial assets held by banks, financial institutions and other organizations. The new standard requires the recognition of credit losses on loans, leases and other financial assets based on an entity s current estimate of expected losses over the lifetime of each loan, lease or other financial asset, referred to as the Current Expected Credit Loss CECL model as opposed to the previous incurred loss model, which required recognition of losses on loans, leases and other financial assets only when those losses had incurred. Under the CECL model, United is required to present these certain financial assets, carried at amortized cost, at the net amount expected to be collected over the life of the financial asset. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on information about past events, including credit quality, our historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable macroeconomic forecasts that may affect the collectability of the reported amount. This measurement will take place at the time a financial asset is first added to the balance sheet and at least quarterly thereafter. CECL also requires management judgment that is supported by new models and more data elements, including macroeconomic forecasts, than the previous allowance standard. This increased the complexity and associated risk, particularly in times of economic uncertainty or other unforeseen circumstances, which could impact United s results of operations and capital levels as well as place stress on our internal controls over financial reporting. The determination of the appropriate level of allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates related to current and expected future credit risks and trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers and securities issuers; new information regarding existing loans, credit commitments and securities holdings; natural disasters and risks related to climate change; and identification of additional problem loans, ratings down-grades and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowances for credit losses on loans, securities and off-balance sheet credit exposures. In addition, federal and state regulators, as an integral part of their respective supervisory functions, periodically review United s allowance for credit losses on loans, and may require an increase in the provision for credit losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. Any increases in the allowance for credit losses on loans will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on United s business, financial condition and results of operations. See the section captioned Provision for Credit Losses in in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further discussion related to our process for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. United is subject to credit risk in its loan portfolio. There are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan may be repaid, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions, risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers and risks resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral. United seeks to mitigate the risk inherent in its loan portfolio by adhering to prudent loan approval practices. Although United believes that its loan approval criteria are appropriate for the various kinds of loans the Company makes, United may incur losses on loans that meet our loan approval criteria. A significant decline in general economic conditions caused by inflation or deflation, recession, unemployment, changes in government fiscal and monetary policies, acts of terrorism, or other factors beyond our control could cause our borrowers to default on their loan payments, and the collateral values securing such loans to decline and be insufficient to repay any outstanding indebtedness. In such events, we could experience significant loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

Certain of our credit exposures are concentrated in industries that may be more susceptible to the long-term risks of climate change, natural disasters or global pandemics. To the extent that these risks may have a negative impact on the financial condition of borrowers, it could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See the section captioned Loans in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations elsewhere in this report for further discussion related to commercial and industrial, energy, construction and commercial real estate loans. OPERATIONAL RISKS United s information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. United relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. In addition, as part of its business, United collects, processes and retains sensitive and confidential client and customer information. United s facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in the Company s customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. While United has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of its information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of the Company s information systems could damage United s reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject United to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose the Company to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on United s financial condition and results of operations. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or customer information, whether through a cyber-attack, other breach of our computer systems or otherwise, could severely harm our business. In the normal course of our business, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential client and customer information on our behalf and on behalf of other third parties. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Information security risks for financial institutions like us have increased recently in part because of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions, employees working from home and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others. In addition to cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers have engaged in attacks against large financial institutions, particularly denial of service attacks, designed to disrupt key business services such as customer-facing web sites. We are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types. Although we employ detection and response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents, early detection may be thwarted by persistent sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. We also face risks related to cyber-attacks and other security breaches in connection with card transactions that typically involve the transmission of sensitive information regarding our customers through various third parties. Some of these parties have in the past been the target of security breaches and cyber-attacks, and because the transactions involve third parties and environments that we do not control or secure, future security breaches or cyber-attacks affecting any of these third parties could impact us through no fault of our own, and in some cases we may have exposure and suffer losses for breaches or attacks relating to them. We also rely on numerous other third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations and face similar risks relating to them. While we conduct security assessments on our higher risk third parties, we cannot be sure that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach. 
 24 

Any cyber-attack or other security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer information could severely damage our reputation, erode confidence in the security of our systems, products and services, expose us to the risk of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business. United s business continuity plans or data security systems could prove to be inadequate, resulting in a material interruption in, or disruption to, its business and a negative impact on results of operations. United relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems, whether due to severe weather, natural disasters, cyber-attack, acts of war or terrorism, criminal activity or other factors, could result in failures or disruptions in general ledger, deposit, loan, customer relationship management and other systems. While United has disaster recovery and other policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of its information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of United s information systems could damage its reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject it to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose it to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on results of operations. The negative economic effects caused by terrorist attacks, including cyber-attacks, potential attacks and other destabilizing events would likely contribute to the deterioration of the quality of United s loan portfolio and could reduce its customer base, level of deposits, and demand for its financial products such as loans. High inflation, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, including cyber-attacks, an escalation of hostilities or other international or domestic occurrences, and other factors could have a negative impact on the economy of the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast regions in which United operates. An additional economic downturn in its markets would likely contribute to the deterioration of the quality of United s loan portfolio by impacting the ability of its customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans, and may reduce the level of deposits in its bank and the stability of its deposit funding sources. An additional economic downturn could also have a significant impact on the demand for United s products and services. The cumulative effect of these matters on United s results of operations and financial condition would likely be adverse and material. Our growth-oriented business strategy could be adversely affected if we are not able to attract and retain skilled employees or if we lose the services of our senior management team. Our ability to manage growth will depend upon our ability to continue to attract, hire and retain skilled employees. The unanticipated loss of members of our senior management team, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and ability to execute our strategic goals. Our success will also depend on the ability of our officers and key employees to continue to implement and improve our operational and other systems, to manage multiple, concurrent customer relationships and to hire, train and manage our employees. United s vendors could fail to fulfill their contractual obligations, resulting in a material interruption in, or disruption to, its business and a negative impact on results of operations. United is dependent upon third parties for certain information system, data management and processing services and to provide key components of its business infrastructure. United has entered into subcontracts for the supply of current and future services, such as data processing, mortgage loan processing and servicing, and certain property management functions. These services must be available on a continuous and timely basis and be in compliance with any regulatory requirements. Failure to do so could substantially harm United s business. 
 25 

United often purchases services from vendors under agreements that typically can be terminated on a periodic basis. There can be no assurance, however, that vendors will be able to meet their obligations under these agreements or that United will be able to compel them to do so. Risks of relying on vendors include the following: 

If an existing agreement expires or a certain service is discontinued by a vendor, then United may not be able to continue to offer its customers the same breadth of products and its operating results would likely suffer unless it is able to find an alternate supply of a similar service. 

Agreements United may negotiate in the future may commit it to certain minimum spending obligations. It is possible United will not be able to create the market demand to meet such obligations. 

If market demand for United s products increases suddenly, its current vendors might not be able to fulfill United s commercial needs, which would require it to seek new arrangements or new sources of supply, and may result in substantial delays in meeting market demand. 

United may not be able to control or adequately monitor the quality of services it receives from its vendors. Poor quality services could damage United s reputation with its customers. In addition, these third party service providers are sources of operational and informational security risk to United, including risks associated with operational errors, information system interruptions or breaches, and unauthorized disclosures of sensitive or confidential client or customer information. If third party service providers encounter any of these issues, or if United has difficulty communicating with them, United could be exposed to disruption of operations, loss of service or connectivity to customers, reputational damage, and litigation risk that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or our business. Potential problems with vendors such as those discussed above could have a significant adverse effect on United s business, lead to higher costs and damage its reputation with its customers and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. MARKET AND INTEREST RATE RISKS Changes in economic and political conditions could adversely affect our earnings, as our borrowers ability to repay loans and the value of the collateral securing our loans decline . United s success depends, to a certain extent, upon local and national economic and political conditions, as well as governmental monetary policies. Conditions such as an economic recession, rising unemployment, changes in interest rates, money supply and other factors beyond its control may adversely affect United s and United Bank s asset quality, deposit levels and loan demand and, therefore, its earnings. Because United has a significant amount of real estate loans, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral. Adverse changes in the economy may also have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans, which could have an adverse impact on our earnings. Consequently, declines in the economy in our market area could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. While recent economic conditions have seen improving trends since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no assurance that this improvement will continue. Evolving responses from federal and state governments and other regulators, and our customers or our third-party partners or vendors, to new challenges such as climate change have impacted and could continue to impact the economic and political conditions under which we operate. Economic and inflationary pressure on consumers and uncertainty regarding continuing economic improvement could result in changes in consumer and business spending, borrowing and savings habits. Such conditions could have a material adverse effect on the credit quality of our loans and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 26 

The value of certain investment securities is volatile and future declines in value could have a materially adverse effect on future earnings and regulatory capital. Continued volatility in the fair value for certain investment securities, whether caused by changes in market conditions, interest rates, credit risk of the issuer, the expected yield of the security, or actual defaults in the portfolio could result in significant fluctuations in the value of the securities as well as any regulatory rulemaking such as the Volcker Rule which could exclude or limit the holdings of certain investment securities. This could have a material adverse impact on United s accumulated other comprehensive income and shareholders equity depending on the direction of the fluctuations. Furthermore, future downgrades, defaults or prepayments, including the liquidation of the underlying collateral in certain securities, could result in the recording of an allowance for credit losses related to these securities. This could have a material impact on United s future earnings, although the impact on shareholders equity will be offset by any amount already included in other comprehensive income. United operates in a highly competitive market. United faces a high degree of competition in all of the markets it serves. United faces strong competition in gathering deposits, making loans and obtaining client assets for management by its investment or trust operations. United considers all of West Virginia to be included in its market area. This area includes the five largest West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Areas MSA ): the Parkersburg MSA, the Charleston MSA, the Huntington MSA, the Morgantown MSA and the Wheeling MSA. United serves the Ohio counties of Lawrence, Belmont, Jefferson and Washington and Fayette county in Pennsylvania primarily because of their close proximity to the Ohio and Pennsylvania borders and United banking offices located in those counties or in nearby West Virginia. United s Virginia markets include the Maryland, northern Virginia and Washington, D.C. MSA, the Winchester MSA, the Harrisonburg MSA, and the Charlottesville MSA. Through its acquisition of Carolina Financial, United s market also includes the Coastal, Midlands, and Upstate regions of South Carolina, including the Charleston (Charleston, Dorchester and Berkeley Counties), Myrtle Beach (Horry and Georgetown Counties), Columbia (Richland and Lexington Counties), and the Upstate (Greenville and Spartanburg Counties) areas as well as areas in North Carolina including Wilmington (New Hanover County), Raleigh-Durham (Durham and Wake Counties), Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia (NC and SC) and the southeastern coastal region of North Carolina (Bladen, Brunswick, Columbus, Cumberland, Duplin and Robeson Counties). Through its acquisition of Community Bankers Trust, United added new markets in Baltimore and Annapolis, Maryland and Lynchburg and Richmond, Virginia as well as the Northern Neck of Virginia. United considers all of the above locations to be the primary market area for the business of its banking and mortgage banking subsidiaries. There is a risk that aggressive competition could result in United controlling a smaller share of these markets. A decline in market share could lead to a decline in net income which would have a negative impact on shareholder value. United may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. United has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, or other institutional clients. Defaults by financial services institutions, and even rumors or questions about a financial institution or the financial services industry in general, may lead to market wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by United or other institutions. Any such losses could adversely affect United s financial condition or results of operations. Changes in interest rates may adversely affect United s business. United s earnings, like most financial institutions, are significantly dependent on its net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income United earns on loans and other assets which earn interest and the interest expense incurred to fund those assets, such as on savings deposits and borrowed money. Therefore, changes in general market interest rates, such as a change in the monetary policy of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or otherwise beyond those which are contemplated by United s interest rate risk model and policy, could have an effect on net interest income. For more information concerning United s interest rate risk model and policy, see the discussion in Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included in Part II, under Item 7A of this Form 10-K. 
 27 

Uncertainty relating to the LIBOR determination process and LIBOR discontinuance may adversely affect our results of operations. The London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and certain other benchmarks are the subject of recent national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences, which cannot be predicted. The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority and the administrator of LIBOR have announced that the publication of the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be published or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. The publication of all other LIBOR settings ceased to be published as of December 31, 2021. The bank regulatory agencies indicated that entering into new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021, would create safety and soundness risks and that they would examine bank practices accordingly. The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallback, and in December 2022, the Federal Reserve Board adopted related implementing rules. United has taken steps to ensure that no new contracts using LIBOR were originated after December 31, 2021. At this time, United intends to prioritize SOFR and Prime as the preferred alternatives to LIBOR; however, these preferred alternatives could change over time based on market developments. There can be no assurances on which benchmark rate(s) may replace LIBOR or how LIBOR will be determined for purposes of financial instruments that are currently referencing LIBOR when it ceases to exist. The discontinuance of LIBOR may result in uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing documents, may adversely affect the value of our floating rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates and may also increase operational and other risks to the Company and the industry. In addition, the implementation of LIBOR reform proposals may result in increased compliance costs and operational costs, including costs related to continued participation in LIBOR and the transition to a replacement reference rate or rates. We cannot reasonably estimate the expected cost. RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITION ACTIVITY Potential acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value We generally seek merger or acquisition partners that are culturally similar and have experienced management and possess either significant market presence or have potential for improved profitability through financial management, economies of scale or expanded services. Acquiring other banks, businesses, or branches involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including, among other things, (i) potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target company; (ii) exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company; (iii) potential disruption to our business; (iv) potential diversion of our management s time and attention; (v) the possible loss of key employees and customers of the target company; (vi) difficulty in estimating the value of the target company; and (vii) potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company. Acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and, therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share may occur in connection with any future transaction. Acquisitions may also result in potential dilution to existing shareholders of our earnings per share if we issue common stock in connection with the acquisition. Furthermore, failure to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits from an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, from time to time, bank regulators may restrict the Company from making acquisitions. See Regulation and Supervision in Item 1, Business, of this Form 10-K for additional detail and further discussion of these matters. 
 28 

Acquisitions may be delayed, impeded, or prohibited due to regulatory issues Acquisitions by financial institutions, including us, are subject to approval by a variety of federal and state regulatory agencies (collectively, regulatory approvals ). The process for obtaining these required regulatory approvals has become substantially more difficult since the global financial crisis, and our ability to engage in certain merger or acquisition transactions depends on the bank regulators views at the time as to our capital levels, quality of management, and overall condition, in addition to their assessment of a variety of other factors, including our compliance with law. Regulatory approvals could be delayed, impeded, restrictively conditioned or denied due to existing or new regulatory issues we have, or may have, with regulatory agencies, including, without limitation, issues related to Bank Secrecy Act compliance, Community Reinvestment Act issues, fair lending laws, fair housing laws, consumer protection laws, unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices regulations and other laws and regulations. We may fail to pursue, evaluate or complete strategic and competitively significant acquisition opportunities as a result of our inability, or perceived or anticipated inability, to obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, under reasonable conditions or at all. Difficulties associated with potential acquisitions that may result from these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. SECURITY OWNERSHIP RISKS United s stock price can be volatile . Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for United shareholders to resell their common stock when they want and at prices they find attractive. United s stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors, including, among other things: 

Actual or anticipated negative variations in quarterly results of operations; 

Negative recommendations by securities analysts; 

Poor operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to United; 

News reports relating to negative trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry or the economy in general; 

Negative perceptions in the marketplace regarding United and/or its competitors; 

New technology used, or services offered, by competitors; 

Adverse changes in interest rates or a lending environment with prolonged low interest rates; 

Adverse changes in the real estate market; 

Negative economic news; 

Failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from acquisitions; 

Adverse changes in government regulations; and 

Geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism or military conflicts. General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes or credit loss trends, could also cause United s stock price to decrease regardless of operating results. Dividend payments by United s subsidiaries to United and by United to its shareholders can be restricted. The declaration and payment of future cash dividends will depend on, among other things, United s earnings, the general economic and regulatory climate, United s liquidity and capital requirements, and other factors deemed relevant by United s board of directors. Federal Reserve Board policy limits the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, without regulatory approval, and requires that a holding company serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. United s principal source of funds to pay dividends on its common stock is cash dividends from its subsidiaries. The payment of these dividends by its subsidiaries is also restricted by federal and state banking laws and regulations. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 276.2 million was available for dividend payments from United Bank to United without regulatory approval. 
 29 

An investment in United common stock is not an insured deposit. United common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. Investment in United common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this section and elsewhere in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, someone who acquires United common stock, could lose some or all of their investment. Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future could impair United s ability to accurately and timely report its financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting United s business and stock price . Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. Management believes that United s internal controls over financial reporting are currently effective. Management will continually review and analyze the Company s internal controls over financial reporting for Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404 compliance. Any failure to maintain, in the future, an effective internal control environment could impact United s ability to report its financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and adversely impact United s business and stock price. Certain banking laws may have an anti-takeover effect. Provisions of federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult to be acquired by a third party, even if perceived to be beneficial to United s shareholders. These provisions effectively inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which could adversely affect the market price of United s common stock. GENERAL RISKS United may elect or be compelled to seek additional capital in the future, but capital may not be available when it is needed. United is required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support the Company s operations. In addition, United may elect to raise additional capital to support the Company s business or to finance acquisitions, if any, or United may otherwise elect to raise additional capital. United s ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, many of which are outside the Company s control, and on United s financial performance. Accordingly, United cannot be assured of its ability to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to the Company. If United cannot raise additional capital when needed, it may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and prospects. New accounting or tax pronouncements or interpretations may be issued by the accounting profession, regulators or other government bodies which could change existing accounting methods. Changes in accounting methods could negatively impact United s results of operations and financial condition. Current accounting and tax rules, standards, policies and interpretations influence the methods by which financial institutions conduct business, implement strategic initiatives and tax compliance, and govern financial reporting and disclosures. These laws, regulations, rules, standards, policies, and interpretations are constantly evolving and may change significantly over time. Events that may not have a direct impact on United, such as the bankruptcy of major U.S. companies, have resulted in legislators, regulators and authoritative bodies, such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and various taxing authorities, responding by adopting and/or proposing substantive revision to laws, regulations, rules, standards, policies, and interpretations. New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. A change in accounting standards may adversely affect reported financial condition and results of operations. 
 30 

United could face unanticipated environmental liabilities or costs related to real property owned or acquired through foreclosure. Compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to investigation and clean-up of contaminated sites, could have a negative effect on expenses and results of operations. A significant portion of United s loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, United may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, United may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require United to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit United s ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase exposure to environmental liability. Although United has policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on results of operations. Severe weather, natural disasters, public health issues, acts of war or terrorism, and other external events could significantly impact United s ability to conduct business. Severe weather, natural disasters, public health issues, acts of war or terrorism, and other external events could affect the stability of United s deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, adversely impact United s employee base, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue, and / or cause the Company to incur additional expenses. Although management has established disaster recovery policies and procedures, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on United s business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to United s environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs for United as well as among our suppliers, vendors and various other parties within our supply chain could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact United s reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, access to capital, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. Climate change and related legislative and regulatory initiatives may materially affect United s business and results of operations. The effects of climate change continue to create an alarming level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, the global business community has increased its political and social awareness surrounding the issue, and the United States has entered into international agreements in an attempt to reduce global temperatures, such as reentering the Paris Agreement. Further, the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies continue to propose numerous initiatives to supplement the global effort to combat climate change. Similar and even more expansive initiatives are expected under the current administration, including potentially increasing supervisory expectations with respect to banks risk management practices, accounting for the effects of climate change in stress testing scenarios and systemic risk assessments, revising expectations for credit portfolio concentrations based on climate-related factors and encouraging investment by banks in climate-related initiatives and lending to communities disproportionately impacted by the effects of climate change. The lack of empirical data surrounding the credit and other financial risks posed 
 31 

by climate change render it impossible to predict how specifically climate change may impact our financial condition and results of operations; however, the physical effects of climate change may also directly impact us. Specifically, unpredictable and more frequent weather disasters may adversely impact the value of real property securing the loans in our portfolios. Additionally, if insurance obtained by our borrowers is insufficient to cover any losses sustained to the collateral, or if insurance coverage is otherwise unavailable to our borrowers, the collateral securing our loans may be negatively impacted by climate change, which could impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the effects of climate change may negatively impact regional and local economic activity, which could lead to an adverse effect on our customers and impact the communities in which we operate. We are also subject to reputational risk from shareholder concerns about our practices related to climate change, our carbon footprint and our business relationships with customers who operate in carbon-intensive industries. Our business, reputation and ability to attract and retain employees may also be harmed if our response to climate change is perceived to be ineffective or insufficient. Climate change also exposes us to transition risks associated with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy. Transition risks may result from changes in policies; laws and regulations; technologies; and/or market preferences to address climate change. Such changes could materially, negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or our reputation, in addition to having a similar impact on our customers. We have customers who operate in carbon-intensive industries like oil and gas that are exposed to climate risks, such as those risks related to the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy, as well as customers who operate in low-carbon industries that may be subject to risks associated with new technologies. Federal and state banking regulators and supervisory authorities, investors and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as important in helping to address the risks related to climate change both directly and with respect to their customers, which may result in financial institutions coming under increased pressure regarding the disclosure and management of their climate risks and related lending and investment activities. Given that climate change could impose systemic risks upon the financial sector, either via disruptions in economic activity resulting from the physical impacts of climate change or changes in policies as the economy transitions to a less carbon-intensive environment, we face regulatory risk of increasing focus on our resilience to climate-related risks, including in the context of stress testing for various climate stress scenarios. Ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs. Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None Item 2. PROPERTIES Offices United is headquartered in the United Center at 500 Virginia Street, East, Charleston, West Virginia. United s executive offices are located in Parkersburg, West Virginia at Fifth and Avery Streets. United operates two hundred and twenty (220) full service offices forty-seven (47) offices located throughout West Virginia, one hundred (100) offices in the Shenandoah Valley region, the Northern Neck, the Richmond and Lynchburg metropolitan areas of Virginia and the Northern Virginia, Maryland and Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, forty-three (43) offices in the Mountains, Piedmont, Coastal Plains and Tidewater regions of North Carolina, twenty-five (25) offices in the Coastal, Midlands, and Upstate regions of South Carolina, four (4) offices in southwestern Pennsylvania and one (1) office in southeastern Ohio. United owns forty-one (41) of its West Virginia facilities while leasing six (6) of its offices under operating leases. In Virginia, United leases forty-four (44) of its branches under operating leases while owning thirty-eight (38) branches. United owns three (3) branches and leases eight (8) of its branches under operating leases in Maryland. In Washington, DC, United leases all seven (7) of its branch facilities under operating leases. United leases twenty-five (25) of its branch offices in North Carolina under operating leases while owning eighteen (18) branches. In South Carolina, United owns twenty-one (21) of its facilities while leasing under operating leases four (4) branch offices. United owns all four (4) of its Pennsylvania facilities. 
 32 

In Ohio, United owns its one branch. United leases operations centers in the Charleston, West Virginia and Chantilly, Virginia areas and owns two operations centers in the Morgantown, West Virginia area and Washington, North Carolina. Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS United and its subsidiaries are currently involved in various legal proceedings in the normal course of business. Management is vigorously pursuing all its legal and factual defenses and, after consultation with legal counsel, believes that all such litigation will be resolved with no material effect on United s financial position. Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 33 

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. FORM 10-K, PART II 

Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Stock As of January 31, 2023, 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 2.50 per share, were authorized for United, of which 142,011,832 were issued, including 7,266,438 shares held as treasury shares. The outstanding shares are held by approximately 9,485 shareholders of record, as well as 50,813 shareholders in street name as of January 31, 2023. The unissued portion of United s authorized common stock (subject to registration approval by the SEC) and the treasury shares are available for issuance as the Board of Directors determines advisable. United offers its shareholders the opportunity to invest dividends in shares of United stock through its dividend reinvestment plan. United has also established stock option plans and a stock bonus plan as incentive for certain eligible officers. In addition to the above incentive plans, United is occasionally involved in certain mergers in which additional shares could be issued and recognizes that additional shares could be issued for other appropriate purposes. In October of 2019, United s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan (the 2019 Plan to repurchase up to 4,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock on the open market at prevailing prices. United repurchased 2,846,989 shares under this plan. On May 11, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a new repurchase plan (the 2022 Plan to repurchase up to 4,750,000 shares of United s common stock on the open market. The 2022 Plan replaced the 2019 Plan. During 2022, United repurchased 378,761 shares under the 2022 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, United still has 4,371,239 shares available for repurchase under the 2022 Plan. The Board of Directors believes that the availability of authorized but unissued common stock of United is of considerable value if opportunities should arise for the acquisition of other businesses through the issuance of United s stock. Shareholders do not have preemptive rights, which allow United to issue additional authorized shares without first offering them to current shareholders. Currently, United has only one voting class of stock issued and outstanding and all voting rights are vested in the holders of United s common stock. On all matters subject to a vote of shareholders, the shareholders of United will be entitled to one vote for each share of common stock owned. Shareholders of United have cumulative voting rights with regard to election of directors. United s common stock is traded over the counter on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations System, Global Select Market NASDAQ under the trading symbol UBSI. The closing sale price reported for United s common stock on February 22, 2023, the last practicable date, was 40.85. On December 23, 2008, the shareholders of United authorized the issuance of preferred stock up to 50,000,000 shares with a par value of 1.00 per share. The authorized preferred stock may be issued by the Company s Board of Directors in one or more series, from time to time, with each such series to consist of such number of shares and to have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such series adopted by the Board of Directors. Currently, no shares of preferred stock have been issued. The authorization of preferred stock will not have an immediate effect on the holders of the Company s common stock. The actual effect of the issuance of any shares of preferred stock upon the rights of the holders of common stock cannot be stated until the Board of Directors determines the specific rights of any shares of preferred stock. However, the effects might include, among other things, restricting dividends on common stock, diluting the voting power of common stock, reducing the market price of common stock or impairing the liquidation rights of the common stock without further action by the shareholders. Holders of the common stock will not have preemptive rights with respect to the preferred stock. 
 34 

There are no preemptive or conversion rights or, redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to United s stock. All of the issued and outstanding shares of United s stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Stock Performance Graph The following Stock Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that United specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. The following graph compares United s cumulative total shareholder return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) on its common stock for the five-year period ending December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) of the Standard and Poor s Midcap 400 Index and with the NASDAQ Bank Index. The cumulative total shareholder return assumes a 100 investment on December 31, 2017 in the common stock of United and each index and the cumulative return is measured as of each subsequent fiscal year-end. There is no assurance that United s common stock performance will continue in the future with the same or similar trends as depicted in the graph. 

Period Ending 

12/31/17 

12/31/18 

12/31/19 

12/31/20 

12/31/21 

12/31/22 

United Bankshares, Inc. 

100.00 

92.95 

119.74 

106.01 

123.35 

143.14 

NASDAQ Bank Index 

100.00 

83.83 

104.26 

96.44 

137.82 

115.38 

S P Mid-Cap Index 

100.00 

88.90 

112.17 

127.48 

159.01 

138.18 

35 

Issuer Repurchases The table below includes certain information regarding United s purchase of its common shares during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) (2) 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans (3) 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans (3) 

10/01 10/31/2022 

0 

00.00 

0 

4,371,239 

11/01 11/30/2022 

0 

00.00 

0 

4,371,239 

12/01 12/31/2022 

5 

42.82 

0 

4,371,239 

Total 

5 

42.82 

(1) 
 Includes shares exchanged in connection with the exercise of stock options or the vesting of restricted stock under United s long-term incentive plans. Shares are purchased pursuant to the terms of the applicable plan and not pursuant to a publicly announced stock repurchase plan. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022 no shares were exchanged by participants in United s long-term incentive plans. 

(2) 
 Includes shares purchased in open market transactions by United for a rabbi trust to provide payment of benefits under a deferred compensation plan for certain key officers of United and its subsidiaries. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the following shares were purchased for the deferred compensation plan: December 2022 5 shares at an average price of 42.82. 

(3) 
 In May of 2022, United s Board of Directors approved a new repurchase plan to repurchase up to 4,750,000 shares of United s common stock on the open market (the 2022 Plan ). The timing, price and quantity of purchases under the plans are at the discretion of management and the plan may be discontinued, suspended or restarted at any time depending on the facts and circumstances. The 2022 Plan replaces a repurchase plan approved by United s Board of Directors in October of 2019. 

Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Congress passed the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995 to encourage corporations to provide investors with information about the company s anticipated future financial performance, goals, and strategies. The act provides a safe haven for such disclosure; in other words, protection from unwarranted litigation if actual results are not the same as management expectations. United desires to provide its shareholders with sound information about past performance and future trends. Consequently, any forward-looking statements contained in this report, in a report incorporated by reference to this report, or made by management of United in this report, in any other reports and filings, in press releases and in oral statements, involve numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of the words expect, may, could, intend, project, estimate, believe, anticipate, and other words of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and estimates, which although believed to be reasonable, may turn out to be incorrect, such as statements about the potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, undue reliance should not be placed upon these estimates and statements. United cannot assure that any of these statements, estimates, or beliefs will be realized and actual results may differ from those contemplated in these forward-looking statements. United undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 36 

The discussion in Item 1A, Risk Factors, lists some of the factors that could cause United s actual results to vary materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements, and such discussion is incorporated into this discussion by reference. CORONAVIRUS COVID-19 PANDEMIC During 2020, and to a lesser extent in 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic had a severe disruptive impact on the U.S. and global economy. As the pandemic is ongoing and dynamic in nature, there are many uncertainties related to COVID-19 including, among other things, the ongoing impact to our customers, employees and vendors; the impact to the financial services and banking industry; and the impact to the economy as a whole as well as the effect of actions taken, or that may yet be taken, or inaction by governmental authorities to contain the outbreak or to mitigate its impact (both economic and health-related). Refer to our 2021 Form 10-K for further information regarding (i) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and our results thereof, as well as the impact on our financial position and (ii) legislative and regulatory actions taken related to the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly as they relate to the banking and financial services industry. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be on-going, there continues to be uncertainties related to its magnitude, duration and persistent effects. This is particularly the case with the emergence, contagiousness and threat of new and different strains of the virus as well as the availability, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines. However, United is currently unable to fully assess or predict the extent of the effects of COVID-19 on its operations and results in the future as the ultimate impact will depend on factors that are currently unknown and/or beyond our control. ACQUISITIONS On December 3, 2021, United acquired 100 of the outstanding common stock of Community Bankers Trust Corporation Community Bankers Trust ), a Virginia corporation headquartered in Richmond, Virginia. Immediately following the Merger, Essex Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Community Bankers Trust, merged with and into United Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of United. United Bank survived the Bank Merger and continues to exist as a Virginia banking corporation. The acquisition of Community Bankers Trust enhanced United s existing presence in the DC Metro MSA and took United into new markets including Baltimore, Annapolis, Lynchburg, Richmond, and the Northern Neck of Virginia. It also strategically connected our Mid-Atlantic and Southeast footprints. The Community Bankers Trust merger was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. At consummation, Community Bankers Trust had assets of 1.79 billion, loans and leases, net of unearned income of 1.28 billion and deposits of 1.52 billion. On May 1, 2020, United acquired 100 of the outstanding common stock of Carolina Financial Corporation Carolina Financial ), headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina. Immediately following the Merger, CresCom Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Carolina Financial, merged with and into United Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of United (the Bank Merger) . United Bank survived the Bank Merger and continues to exist as a Virginia banking corporation. The acquisition of Carolina Financial afforded United the opportunity to expand its existing footprint in North Carolina and South Carolina. The merger resulted in a combined company with more than 200 locations in some of the best banking markets in the United States. CresCom Bank owned and operated Crescent Mortgage Company Crescent ), which is based in Atlanta. Crescent is approved to originate loans in 48 states partnering with community banks, credit unions and mortgage brokers. As a result of the merger, Crescent became an indirectly-owned subsidiary of United. The Carolina Financial merger was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. At consummation, Carolina Financial had assets of 5.00 billion, loans and leases, net of unearned income of 3.29 billion and deposits of 3.87 billion. 
 37 

The results of operations of Community Bankers Trust and Carolina Financial are included in the consolidated results of operations from their date of acquisition. As a result of the Community Bankers Trust acquisition, the year of 2022 was impacted by increased levels of average balances, income, and expense as compared to the year 2021. As a result of the Community Bankers Trust and Carolina Financial acquisitions, the year of 2021 was impacted by increased levels of average balances, income, and expense from both the Community Bankers Trust and Carolina Financial acquisition as compared to the year of 2020. In addition, the year of 2021 included 21.42 million of merger-related expenses from Community Bankers Trust acquisition as compared to 54.24 million of merger-related expenses from the Carolina Financial acquisition in the year of 2020. TRANSITION FROM THE LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATE LIBOR In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced its intention to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit the rates used to calculate LIBOR after 2021. ICE Benchmark Administration (the publisher of LIBOR) discontinued publication of the one-week and two-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings on December 31, 2021, and will cease the publication of overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month, and twelve-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings on June 30, 2023. It is assumed that LIBOR will either cease to be provided by any administrator or will no longer be representative of an acceptable market benchmark after these respective dates. Additionally, the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation have issued joint supervisory guidance encouraging banks to cease entering into any new contracts using LIBOR by December 31, 2021. Accordingly, United took steps to ensure compliance with the joint supervisory guidance, and no new contracts using LIBOR have been originated after December 31, 2021. Working groups comprised of various regulators and other industry groups have been formed in the United States and other countries in order to provide guidance on this topic. In particular, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC has been formed in the United States by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The ARRC has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as its preferred alternative reference rate for U.S. Dollar LIBOR. The ARRC has also published recommended fall-back language for LIBOR-linked financial instruments, among numerous other areas of guidance. In addition, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallback, and in December 2022, the Federal Reserve Board adopted related implementing rules. At this time, however, it is unclear to what extent these recommendations will be broadly accepted by industry participants, whether they will continue to evolve, and what other alternatives may be adopted by the broader markets that utilize LIBOR as a reference rate. United has formed a project team comprised of individuals across various lines of business throughout the company to identify risks, monitor market developments, evaluate replacement benchmark alternatives, and manage the company s transition away from LIBOR. At this time, United is prioritizing SOFR and Prime as the preferred alternatives to LIBOR; however, these preferred alternatives could change over time based on market developments. United has loans, derivative contracts, borrowings, and other financial instruments that are directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR. The transition from LIBOR will cause changes to payment calculations for existing contracts that use LIBOR as the reference rate. These changes will create various risks surrounding the financial, operational, compliance and legal aspects associated with changing certain elements of existing contracts. United will also be subject to risks surrounding changes to models and systems that currently use LIBOR reference rates, as well as market and strategic risks that could arise from the use of alternative reference rates. Additionally, United could face reputational risks if this transition is not managed appropriately with its customers. While the full impact of the transition is not yet known, failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 38 

INTRODUCTION The following discussion and analysis presents the more significant changes in financial condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of operations of United and its subsidiaries for each of the years then ended. This discussion and the consolidated financial statements and the notes to Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of United Bankshares, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. Management has evaluated all significant events and transactions that occurred after December 31, 2022, but prior to the date these financial statements were issued, for potential recognition or disclosure required in these financial statements. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022 (the 2021 Form 10-K) for a discussion and analysis of the more significant factors that affected periods prior to 2021. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes thereto, which are included elsewhere in this document. USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES This discussion and analysis contains certain financial measures that are not recognized under GAAP. Under SEC Regulation G, public companies making disclosures containing financial measures that are not in accordance with GAAP must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP financial measure, certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as a statement of the company s reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure. Generally, United has presented a non-GAAP financial measure because it believes that this measure provides meaningful additional information to assist in the evaluation of United s results of operations or financial position. Presentation of a non-GAAP financial measure is consistent with how United s management evaluates its performance internally and this non-GAAP financial measure is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in the banking industry. Specifically, this discussion contains certain references to financial measures identified as tax-equivalent FTE net interest income and return on average tangible equity. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures to be helpful in understanding United s results of operations or financial position. Net interest income is presented in this discussion on a tax-equivalent basis. The tax-equivalent basis adjusts for the tax-favored status of income from certain loans and investments. Although this is a non-GAAP measure, United s management believes this measure is more widely used within the financial services industry and provides better comparability of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources. United uses this measure to monitor net interest income performance and to manage its balance sheet composition. Average tangible equity is calculated as GAAP total shareholders equity minus total intangible assets. Tangible equity can thus be considered a more conservative valuation of the company. When considering net income, a return on average tangible equity can be calculated. Management provides a return on average equity to facilitate the understanding of as well as to assess the quality and composition of United s capital structure. This measure, along with others, is used by management to analyze capital adequacy and performance. However, this non-GAAP information should be considered supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Where the non-GAAP financial measure is used, the comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as reconciliation to that comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as a statement of the company s reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure, can be found within this discussion and analysis. Investors should recognize that United s presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure might not be comparable to a similarly titled measure at other companies. APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The accounting and reporting policies of United conform with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions and judgments, which are reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, are based on information available as 
 39 

of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates. These policies, along with the disclosures presented in the financial statement notes and in this financial review, provide information on how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the financial statements and how those values are determined. Based on the valuation techniques used and the sensitivity of financial statement amounts to the methods, assumptions, and estimates underlying those amounts, management has identified the determination of the allowance for loan and lease losses, the calculation of the income tax provision, and the use of fair value measurements to account for certain financial instruments to be the accounting areas that require the most subjective or complex judgments, and as such could be most subject to revision as new information becomes available. The most significant accounting policies followed by United are presented in Note A, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses The allowance for loan and lease losses is an estimate of the expected credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost to present the net amount expected to be collected as of the balance sheet date. Such allowance is based on the credit losses expected to arise over the life of the asset (contractual term). Determining the allowance for loan losses requires management to make estimates of expected credit losses that are highly uncertain and require a high degree of judgment. At December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses was 234.75 million and is subject to periodic adjustment based on management s assessment of expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. Such adjustment from period to period can have a significant impact on United s consolidated financial statements. To illustrate the potential effect on the financial statements of our estimates of the allowance for loan losses, a 10 increase in the allowance for loan losses would have required 23.47 million in additional allowance (funded by additional provision for loan losses), which would have negatively impacted the year of 2022 net income by approximately 18.54 million, after-tax or 0.14 diluted per common share. Management s evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses and the appropriate provision for loan losses is based upon a quarterly evaluation of the loan portfolio. This evaluation is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates, including estimates related to the amounts and timing of future cash flows, value of collateral, losses on pools of homogeneous loans and leases based on historical loss experience, and consideration of qualitative factors such as current economic trends, all of which are susceptible to constant and significant change. The allowance allocated to specific credits and loan pools grouped by similar risk characteristics is reviewed on a quarterly basis and adjusted as necessary based upon subsequent changes in circumstances. In determining the components of the allowance for loan losses, management considers the risk arising in part from, but not limited to, qualitative factors which include charge-off and delinquency trends, current business conditions and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts, lending policies and procedures, the size and risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, concentrations of credit, and other various factors. The methodology used to determine the allowance for loan losses is described in Note A, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. A discussion of the factors leading to changes in the amount of the allowance for loan losses is included in the Provision for Credit Losses section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A ). For a discussion of concentrations of credit risk, see Item 1, under the caption of Loan Concentrations in this Form 10-K. Income Taxes United s calculation of income tax provision is inherently complex due to the various different tax laws and jurisdictions in which we operate and requires management s use of estimates and judgments in its determination. The current income tax liability also includes income tax expense related to our uncertain tax positions as required in ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. Changes to the estimated accrued taxes can occur due to changes in tax rates, implementation of new business strategies, resolution of issues with taxing authorities and recently enacted statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance. These changes can be material to the Company s operating results for any particular reporting period. The analysis of the income tax provision requires the assessments of the relative risks and merits of the appropriate tax treatment of transactions, filing positions, filing methods and taxable income calculations after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other information. United strives to keep abreast of changes in the tax laws and the issuance of regulations which may impact tax reporting and provisions for income tax expense. United is also subject to audit by federal and state authorities. Because the application of tax laws is subject to varying interpretations, results of these audits may produce indicated liabilities which differ from United s estimates and provisions. United continually evaluates its exposure to possible tax assessments arising from audits and records its estimate of probable exposure based on current facts and circumstances. The potential impact to United s operating results for any of the changes cannot be reasonably estimated. See Note O, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding United s ASC Topic 740 disclosures. 
 40 

Use of Fair Value Measurements United determines the fair value of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820, whereby the fair value of certain assets and liabilities is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. ASC Topic 820 establishes a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. The classification of assets and liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs in the methodology for determining fair value are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market-based information obtained from independent sources (Level 1 or Level 2), while unobservable inputs reflect management s estimate of market data (Level 3). For assets and liabilities that are actively traded and have quoted prices or observable market data, a minimal amount of subjectivity concerning fair value is needed. Prices and values obtained from third party vendors that do not reflect forced liquidation or distressed sales are not adjusted by management. When quoted prices or observable market data are not available, management s judgment is necessary to estimate fair value. At December 31, 2022, approximately 15.67 of total assets, or 4.62 billion, consisted of financial instruments recorded at fair value. Of this total, approximately 98.92 or 4.57 billion of these financial instruments used valuation methodologies involving observable market data, collectively Level 1 and Level 2 measurements, to determine fair value. Approximately 1.08 or 50.11 million of these financial instruments were valued using unobservable market information or Level 3 measurements. Most of these financial instruments valued using unobservable market information were loans held for sale at our mortgage banking segment. At December 31, 2022, only 561 thousand or less than 1 of total liabilities were recorded at fair value. This entire amount was valued using methodologies involving observable market data. United does not believe that any changes in the unobservable inputs used to value the financial instruments mentioned above would have a material impact on United s results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. See Note W for additional information regarding ASC Topic 820 and its impact on United s financial statements. Any material effect on the financial statements related to these critical accounting areas is further discussed in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 2022 COMPARED TO 2021 United s total assets as of December 31, 2022 were 29.49 billion, which was an increase of 160.48 million or less than 1 from December 31, 2021. This increase was mainly due to an increase of 2.53 billion or 14.06 in portfolio loans and leases and an increase of 576.86 million or 13.43 in investment securities. These increases in assets were partially offset by a decrease of 2.58 billion or 68.69 in cash and cash equivalents and a decrease of 447.54 million or 88.72 in loans held for sale. Total liabilities increased 362.91 million or 1.47 from year-end 2021. Borrowings increased 1.41 billion or 149.23 and the allowance for lending-related commitments increased 14.75 million or 46.90 . Mostly offsetting these increases in liabilities was a 1.05 billion or 4.48 decrease in deposits and a 10.95 million or 12.63 decrease in the operating lease liability. Shareholders equity decreased 202.44 million or 4.29 . The following discussion explains in more detail the changes in financial condition by major category. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 decreased 2.58 billion or 68.69 from year-end 2021. In particular, interest-bearing deposits with other banks decreased 2.59 billion or 74.63 as United placed less cash in an interest-bearing account with the Federal Reserve. Cash and due from banks increased 11.28 million or 3.99 from year-end 2021 while federal funds sold increased 152 thousand or 16.40 . During the year of 2022, net cash of 760.82 million and 105.32 million were provided by operating and financing activities, respectively, while net cash of 3.45 billion was used in investing activities. Further details related to changes in cash and cash equivalents are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 41 

Securities Total investment securities at December 31, 2022 increased 576.86 million or 13.43 . Securities available for sale increased 499.23 million or 12.35 . This change in securities available for sale reflects 1.57 billion in purchases, 575.75 million in sales, maturities and calls of securities and a decrease of 481.01 million in market value. The majority of the purchase activity was related to securities of the U.S. Treasury and obligations of U.S. Government corporations and agencies, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Securities held to maturity were flat from year-end 2021. Equity securities were 7.63 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 4.78 million or 38.50 due mainly to sales. Other investment securities increased 82.40 million or 34.39 from year-end 2021 due to purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank FRB stock as well as investment tax credits. The following table summarizes the changes in the available for sale securities since year-end 2021: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31 2022 

December 31 2021 

Change 

Change 

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. Government corporations and agencies 

529,492 

81,850 

447,642 

546.91 

State and political subdivisions 

709,530 

847,298 

(137,768) 

(16.26) 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 

1,849,470 

1,828,244 

21,226 

1.16 

Asset-backed securities 

911,611 

656,572 

255,039 

38.84 

Single issue trust preferred securities 

16,284 

16,811 

(527) 

(3.13) 
 
 Corporate securities 

525,538 

611,924 

(86,386) 

(14.12) 

Total available for sale securities, at fair value 

4,541,925 

4,042,699 

499,226 

12.35 

The following table summarizes the changes in the held to maturity securities since year-end 2021: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31 2022 

December 31 2021 

Change 

Change 

State and political subdivisions 

982 
 (1) 

981 
 (2) 

1 

0.10 

Other corporate securities 

20 

20 

0 

0.00 

Total held to maturity securities, at amortized cost 

1,002 

1,001 

1 

0.10 

(1) net of allowance for credit losses of 18 thousand. 

(2) net of allowance for credit losses of 19 thousand. At December 31, 2022, gross unrealized losses on available for sale securities were 470.06 million. Securities with the most significant gross unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed securities, state and political subdivision securities, agency commercial mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and other corporate securities. As of December 31, 2022, United s available for sale mortgage-backed securities had an amortized cost of 2.12 billion, with an estimated fair value of 1.85 billion. The portfolio consisted primarily of 1.37 billion in agency residential mortgage-backed securities with a fair value of 1.17 billion, 121.34 million in non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities with an estimated fair value of 111.97 million, and 627.77 million in commercial agency mortgage-backed securities with an estimated fair value of 562.55 million. As of December 31, 2022, United s available for sale state and political subdivisions securities had an amortized cost of 820.17 million, with an estimated fair value of 709.53 million. The portfolio relates to securities issued by various municipalities located throughout the United States, and no securities within the portfolio were rated below investment grade as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, United s available for sale corporate securities had an amortized cost of 1.52 billion, with an estimated fair value of 1.45 billion. The portfolio consisted of 17.34 million in single issue trust preferred securities with an estimated fair value of 16.28 million. In addition to the single issue trust preferred securities, the Company held positions in various other corporate securities, including asset-backed securities with an amortized cost of 943.81 million and a fair value of 911.61 million and other corporate securities, with an amortized cost of 563.43 million and a fair value of 525.54 million. 
 42 

United s available for sale single issue trust preferred securities had a fair value of 16.28 million as of December 31, 2022. Of the 16.28 million, 7.63 million or 46.83 were investment grade; 3.17 million or 19.50 were split rated; and 5.48 million or 33.67 were unrated. The two largest exposures accounted for 76.24 of the 16.28 million. These included Truist Bank at 6.93 million and Emigrant Bank at 5.48 million. All single issue trust preferred securities are currently receiving full scheduled principal and interest payments. During 2022, United did not recognize any credit losses on its available for sale investment securities. Management believes that any decline in value on an individual security with an unrealized loss as of December 31, 2022 resulted from changes in market interest rates, credit spreads and liquidity, not a deterioration of credit. Based on a review of each of the securities in the available for sale investment portfolio, management concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that it would be able to realize the cost basis investment and appropriate interest payments on such securities. United has the intent and the ability to hold these securities until such time as the value recovers or the securities mature. As of December 31, 2022, there was no allowance for credit losses related to the Company s available for sale securities. However, United acknowledges that any securities in an unrealized loss position may be sold in future periods in response to significant, unanticipated changes in asset/liability management decisions, unanticipated future market movements or business plan changes. Further information regarding the amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities, including remaining maturities as well as a more detailed discussion of management s impairment analysis, is presented in Note C, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Loans Held For Sale Loans held for sale decreased 447.54 million or 88.72 from year-end 2021. Loan sales in the secondary market exceeded originations during the year of 2022. Originations of loans for the year of 2022 were 1.90 billion while sales of loans were 2.20 billion. Loans held for sale were 56.88 million at December 31, 2022 as compared to 504.42 million at year-end 2021. Portfolio Loans Loans, net of unearned income, increased 2.53 billion or 14.06 . Since year-end 2021, commercial, financial and agricultural loans increased 471.64 million or 4.23 . In particular, commercial real estate loans increased 321.44 million or 4.18 while commercial loans (not secured by real estate) increased 150.21 million or 4.34 . Construction and land development loans increased 912.81 million or 45.32 , residential real estate loans increased 971.35 million or 26.31 , and consumer loans increased 173.06 million or 14.51 due to an increase in indirect automobile financing. The following table summarizes the changes in the major loan classes since year-end 2021: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31 2022 

December 31 2021 

Change 

Change 

Loans held for sale 

56,879 

504,416 

(447,537) 

(88.72) 

Commercial, financial, and agricultural: 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate 

1,724,927 

1,733,176 

(8,249) 

(0.48) 
 
 Nonowner-occupied commercial real estate 

6,286,974 

5,957,288 

329,686 

5.53 

Other commercial loans 

3,612,568 

3,462,361 

150,207 

4.34 

Total commercial, financial, and agricultural 

11,624,469 

11,152,825 

471,644 

4.23 

Residential real estate 

4,662,911 

3,691,560 

971,351 

26.31 

Construction land development 

2,926,971 

2,014,165 

912,806 

45.32 

Consumer: 

Bankcard 

9,273 

8,913 

360 

4.04 

Other consumer 

1,356,539 

1,183,844 

172,695 

14.59 

Total gross loans 

20,580,163 

18,051,307 

2,528,856 

14.01 

Less: Unearned income 

(21,997) 

(27,659) 

5,662 

(20.47) 

Total Loans, net of unearned income 

20,558,166 

18,023,648 

2,534,518 

14.06 

43 

The following table shows the amount of loans acquired and outstanding by major loan classes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(In thousands) 
 
 Originated 

Acquired 

Total 

Originated 

Acquired 

Total 

Commercial, financial, and agricultural: 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate 

1,031,330 

693,597 

1,724,927 

864,795 

868,381 

1,733,176 

Nonowner-occupied commercial real estate 

4,515,059 

1,771,915 

6,286,974 

3,925,144 

2,032,144 

5,957,288 

Other commercial loans 

3,110,273 

502,295 

3,612,568 

2,555,285 

907,076 

3,462,361 

Total commercial, financial, and agricultural 

8,656,662 

2,967,807 

11,624,469 

7,345,224 

3,807,601 

11,152,825 

Residential real estate 

3,999,088 

663,823 

4,662,911 

2,795,608 

895,952 

3,691,560 

Construction land development 

2,618,810 

308,161 

2,926,971 

1,502,804 

511,361 

2,014,165 

Consumer: 

Bankcard 

9,273 

0 

9,273 

8,913 

0 

8,913 

Other consumer 

1,346,699 

9,840 

1,356,539 

1,166,719 

17,125 

1,183,844 

Total gross loans 

16,630,532 

3,949,631 

20,580,163 

12,819,268 

5,232,039 

18,051,307 

The following table shows the maturity of loans and leases, outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

(In thousands) 
 
 Less Than One Year 

One To Five Years 

Five to Fifteen Years 

Greater than Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial, financial and agricultural: 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate 

95,831 

824,297 

775,783 

29,016 

1,724,927 

Nonowner-occupied commercial real estate 

631,850 

3,569,350 

1,950,518 

135,256 

6,286,974 

Other commercial loans 

626,754 

2,217,213 

670,943 

97,658 

3,612,568 

Total commercial, financial, and agricultural 

1,354,435 

6,610,860 

3,397,244 

261,930 

11,624,469 

Residential real estate 

104,812 

532,659 

682,355 

3,343,085 

4,662,911 

Construction land development 

913,146 

1,614,349 

304,817 

94,659 

2,926,971 

Consumer: 

Bankcard 

0 

4,102 

5,171 

0 

9,273 

Other consumer 

14,391 

670,548 

670,399 

1,201 

1,356,539 

Total 

2,386,784 

9,432,518 

5,059,986 

3,700,875 

20,580,163 

44 

At December 31, 2022, for loans and leases due after one year, interest rate information is as follows: 

(In thousands) 
 
 One To Five Years 

Five to Fifteen Years 

Greater than Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial, financial and agricultural: 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate 

Outstanding with fixed interest rates 

677,411 

318,456 

9,433 

1,005,300 

Outstanding with adjustable interest rates 

146,886 

457,327 

19,583 

623,796 

Total owner-occupied 

824,297 

775,783 

29,016 

1,629,096 

Nonowner-occupied commercial real estate 

Outstanding with fixed interest rates 

2,602,677 

1,144,298 

15,540 

3,762,515 

Outstanding with adjustable interest rates 

966,673 

806,220 

119,716 

1,892,609 

Total non-owner occupied 

3,569,350 

1,950,518 

135,256 

5,655,124 

Other commercial loans 

Outstanding with fixed interest rates 

1,788,957 

468,944 

58,019 

2,315,920 

Outstanding with adjustable interest rates 

428,256 

201,999 

39,639 

669,894 

Total other commercial 

2,217,213 

670,943 

97,658 

2,985,814 

Residential real estate 

Outstanding with fixed interest rates 

352,727 

262,619 

1,680,827 

2,296,173 

Outstanding with adjustable interest rates 

179,932 

419,736 

1,662,258 

2,261,926 

Total residential real estate 

532,659 

682,355 

3,343,085 

4,558,099 

Construction 

Outstanding with fixed interest rates 

495,230 

113,745 

81,833 

690,808 

Outstanding with adjustable interest rates 

1,119,119 

191,072 

12,826 

1,323,017 

Total construction 

1,614,349 

304,817 

94,659 

2,013,825 

Consumer: 

Bankcard 

Outstanding with fixed interest rates 

622 

252 

0 

874 

Outstanding with adjustable interest rates 

3,480 

4,919 

0 

8,399 

Total bankcard 

4,102 

5,171 

0 

9,273 

Other consumer 

Outstanding with fixed interest rates 

670,309 

670,261 

1,201 

1,341,771 

Outstanding with adjustable interest rates 

239 

138 

0 

377 

Total other consumer 

670,548 

670,399 

1,201 

1,342,148 

Total outstanding with fixed interest rates 

6,587,933 

2,978,575 

1,846,853 

11,413,361 

Total outstanding with adjustable rates 

2,844,585 

2,081,411 

1,854,022 

6,780,018 

Total 

9,432,518 

5,059,986 

3,700,875 

18,193,379 

More information relating to loans is presented in Note D, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Other Assets Other assets increased 72.98 million or 31.52 from year-end 2021 as a result of a 106.31 million increase in deferred tax assets due to a decrease in the fair value of available-for-sale securities. In addition, dealer reserve increased 4.20 million and net pension asset increased 7.48 million primarily due to an increase in the discount rate used in the year-end valuation. Partially offsetting these increases in other assets were decreases of 12.60 million in income tax receivable due to timing differences, 12.82 million in other real estate owned properties OREO due to sales and write downs, 26.67 million in derivative assets, and 5.52 million in core deposit intangibles due to amortization. Deposits Deposits represent United s primary source of funding. Total deposits at December 31, 2022 decreased 1.05 billion or 4.48 . In terms of composition, noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 296.88 million or 3.96 while interest-bearing deposits decreased 750.22 million or 4.73 from December 31, 2021. Noninterest-bearing deposits, which consist of noninterest-bearing demand deposit and noninterest-bearing money market MMDA account balances, decreased 296.88 million from year-end 2021 due to a 139.87 million decrease in commercial noninterest-bearing deposits and a 148.83 million decrease in public funds noninterest-bearing deposits. 
 45 

Interest-bearing deposits consist of interest-bearing transaction accounts, regular savings, interest-bearing MMDA, and time deposit account balances. Interest-bearing transaction accounts decreased 101.38 million or 1.94 since year-end 2021 as the result of a 182.47 million decrease in personal interest-bearing transaction accounts and a 20.84 million decrease in public funds interest-bearing transaction accounts partially offset by an increase of 101.94 million in nonpersonal interest-bearing transaction accounts. Regular savings accounts increased 36.90 million or 2.25 mainly as a result of a 43.52 million increase in personal savings accounts. Interest-bearing MMDAs decreased 62.48 million or less than 1 . In particular, commercial MMDAs decreased 27.94 million, brokered MMDAs decreased 31.86 million, and public funds MMDAs decreased 43.97 million while personal MMDAs increased 41.30 million. Time deposits under 100,000 decreased 187.06 million or 18.14 from year-end 2021. This decrease in time deposits under 100,000 was the result of a 174.13 million decrease in fixed rate Certificates of Deposits CDs under 100,000, a 8.75 million decrease in CDs under 100,000 obtained through the use of deposit listing services, and a 4.60 million decrease in variable rate CDs. Since year-end 2021, time deposits over 100,000 decreased 436.20 million or 27.24 as fixed rate CDs decreased 320.18 million, CDARS over 100,000 decreased 52.26 million, public funds CDs over 100,000 decreased 51.74 million, and brokered certificates of deposits decreased 11.27 million. The table below summarizes the changes by deposit category since year-end 2021: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31 2022 

December 31 2021 

Change 

Change 

Noninterest-bearing accounts 

7,199,678 

7,496,560 
 (1) 

(296,882) 

(3.96) 
 
 Interest-bearing transaction accounts 

5,116,966 

5,218,342 
 (1) 

(101,376) 

(1.94) 
 
 Regular savings 

1,678,302 

1,641,404 

36,898 

2.25 

Interest-bearing money market accounts 

6,299,404 

6,361,887 

(62,483) 

(0.98) 
 
 Time deposits under 100,000 

843,950 

1,031,008 

(187,058) 

(18.14) 
 
 Time deposits over 100,000 (2)(3) 

1,164,866 

1,601,062 

(436,196) 

(27.24) 

Total deposits 

22,303,166 

23,350,263 

(1,047,097) 

(4.48) 

(1) 
 For December 31, 2021, 1,483,987 was reclassed from noninterest-bearing accounts to interest-bearing transaction accounts. 

(2) 
 Includes time deposits of 250,000 or more of 454,477 and 640,752 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(3) 
 Includes 246,505 and 375,510 of uninsured time deposits at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the scheduled maturities of time deposits are as follows: 

Year 
 
 Amount 

(In thousands) 

2023 

1,476,438 

2024 

357,142 

2025 

86,189 

2026 

40,656 

2027 and thereafter 

48,391 

TOTAL 

2,008,816 

Maturities of estimated uninsured time deposits of 100,000 or more outstanding at December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 3 months or less 

Over 3 through 6 months 

Over 6 through 12 months 

Over 12 months 

Time deposits in amounts in excess of the FDIC Insurance limit 

77,573 

34,131 

75,721 

59,080 

46 

The amounts of uninsured time deposits of 100,000 or more outstanding at December 31, 2022 are based on estimates using the same methodologies and assumptions used for regulatory reporting requirements. The average daily amount of deposits and rates paid on such deposits is summarized for the years ended December 31: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest 

Interest 

Interest 

Amount 

Expense 

Rate 

Amount (1) 

Expense 

Rate 

Amount (2) 

Expense 

Rate 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Noninterest-bearing 

7,580,624 

0 

0.00 

6,709,510 

0 

0.00 

5,153,258 

0 

0.00 

Interest-bearing transaction and money market 

11,540,192 

67,240 

0.58 

11,010,496 

23,498 

0.21 

8,897,140 

40,322 

0.45 

Regular savings 

1,744,841 

2,427 

0.14 

1,455,305 

2,085 

0.14 

1,149,201 

2,087 

0.18 

Time deposits 

2,181,353 

10,570 

0.48 

2,462,044 

16,037 

0.65 

2,952,944 

36,170 

1.22 

TOTAL 

23,047,010 

80,237 

0.35 

21,637,355 

41,620 

0.19 

18,152,543 

78,579 

0.43 

(1) 
 For the year of 2021, 1,571,758 was reclassed from noninterest-bearing accounts to interest-bearing transaction accounts. 

(2) 
 For the year of 2020, 1,280,091 was reclassed from noninterest-bearing accounts to interest-bearing transaction accounts. More information relating to deposits is presented in Note K, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Borrowings Total borrowings at December 31, 2022 increased 1.41 billion or 149.23 since year-end 2021. During the year of 2022, short-term borrowings increased 31.85 million or 24.72 due to an increase in securities sold under agreements to repurchase. Long-term borrowings increased 1.38 billion or 168.86 from year-end 2021 due to an increase in FHLB advances. The table below summarizes the change in the borrowing categories since year-end 2021: 

December 31 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Short-term securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

160,698 

128,844 

31,854 

24.72 

FHLB advances 

1,910,775 

532,199 

1,378,576 

259.03 

Subordinated debt 

9,892 

9,872 

20 

0.20 

Issuances of trust preferred capital securities 

276,989 

275,323 

1,666 

0.61 

Total borrowings 

2,358,354 

946,238 

1,412,116 

149.23 

For a further discussion of borrowings see Notes L and M, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities at December 31, 2022 decreased 5.90 million or 3.02 from year-end 2021. In particular, accrued employee expenses and deferred compensation decreased 5.48 million and 2.77 million, respectively, and derivative liabilities decreased 3.13 million. Partially offsetting these decreases was a 7.48 million increase in interest payable due mainly to an increase in FHLB borrowings and rising interest rates. Shareholders Equity Shareholders equity at December 31, 2022 was 4.52 billion, which was a decrease of 202.44 million or 4.29 from year-end 2021. 
 47 

Retained earnings increased 184.65 million or 13.28 from year-end 2021. Earnings net of dividends for the year of 2022 were 184.65 million. Accumulated other comprehensive income decreased 327.84 million or 6,707.12 from year-end 2021 due to a decrease of 368.93 million in the fair value of United s available for sale investment portfolio, net of deferred income taxes, primarily the result of an increase in market interest rates. Partially offsetting this decrease was a 36.66 million increase in the fair value of cash flow hedges, net of deferred income taxes. The after-tax accretion of pension costs was 2.75 million for the year of 2022 while the after-tax pension accounting adjustment at year-end 2022 resulted in an increase of 1.68 million. Treasury stock increased 79.79 million or 46.76 from year-end 2021. During the year of 2022, United repurchased 2,259,546 shares of its common stock on the open market under repurchase plans approved by United s Board of Directors at a cost of 78.38 million or an average price per share of 34.69. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview The following table sets forth certain consolidated income statement information of United: 

Year Ended 

(Dollars in thousands except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income 

1,001,990 

795,117 

798,382 

Interest expense 

105,559 

52,383 

108,609 

Net interest income 

896,431 

742,734 

689,773 

Provision for credit losses 

18,822 

(23,970) 

106,562 

Noninterest income 

153,261 

278,128 

354,775 

Noninterest expense 

555,087 

581,979 

578,246 

Income before income taxes 

475,783 

462,853 

359,740 

Income taxes 

96,156 

95,115 

70,717 

Net income 

379,627 

367,738 

289,023 

PER COMMON SHARE: 

Net income: 

Basic 

2.81 

2.84 

2.40 

Diluted 

2.80 

2.83 

2.40 
 
 Net income for the year 2022 was 379.63 million or 2.80 per diluted share, an increase of 11.89 million or 3.23 from 367.74 million or 2.83 per diluted share for the year of 2021. Higher net income for the year 2022 compared to the year of 2021 was primarily driven by strong loan growth and net interest margin expansion primarily as a result of a rising rate environment. As previously mentioned, United completed its acquisition of Community Bankers Trust on December 3, 2021. The results of operations for Community Bankers Trust are included in the consolidated results of operations from the date of the acquisition. In addition, the year of 2022 included merger-related expenses of 537 thousand related to the Community Bankers Trust acquisition compared to merger-related expenses of 21.42 million in 2021. 
 48 

United s return on average assets for the year of 2022 was 1.31 and the return on average shareholders equity was 8.25 as compared to 1.35 and 8.30 for the year of 2021. For the year of 2022, United s return on average tangible equity, a non-GAAP measure, was 14.11 , as compared to 14.18 the year of 2021. 

Year Ended 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Return on Average Tangible Equity: 

(a) Net Income (GAAP) 

379,627 

367,738 

Average Total Shareholders Equity (GAAP) 

4,601,440 

4,430,688 

Less: Average Total Intangibles 

(1,910,377) 

(1,837,609) 

(b) Average Tangible Equity (non-GAAP) 

2,691,063 

2,593,079 

Return on Tangible Equity (non-GAAP) [(a) / (b)] 

14.11 

14.18 
 
 Net interest income for the year of 2022 was 896.43 million, an increase of 153.70 million or 20.69 from the prior year. Mainly, this increase in net interest income for 2022 compared to 2021 was due to the impact of rising market interest rates on earning assets, an increase in average earning assets from the Community Bankers Trust acquisition as well as organic loan growth and a change in the asset mix to higher earning assets. The provision for credit losses was 18.82 million for the year 2022 as compared to a benefit of 23.97 million for the year 2021. Noninterest income was 153.26 million for the year of 2022 which was a decrease of 124.87 million or 44.90 from the year of 2021. Noninterest expense was 555.09 million which was a decrease of 26.89 million or 4.62 . Income taxes for the year of 2022 were 96.16 million as compared to 95.12 million for the year of 2021. United s effective tax rate was approximately 20.2 and 20.6 for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to 19.7 for 2020. Business Segments United operates in two business segments: community banking and mortgage banking. Community Banking Net income attributable to the community banking segment for the year of 2022 was 397.32 million compared to net income of 327.08 million for the year of 2021. The higher net income within the community banking segment in 2022 was due primarily to the impact of the Community Bankers Trust acquisition, organic loan growth and the positive impact of rising market interest rates on the net interest margin. The full year of 2022 was impacted by the Community Bankers Trust acquisition as compared to one month in 2021. Net interest income increased 159.27 million to 890.58 million for the year of 2022, compared to 731.31 million for the same period of 2021. Generally, net interest income for the year of 2022 increased from the year of 2021 due to an increase in average earning assets as a result of the Community Bankers Trust acquisition, organic loan growth and an increase in the average yield on earning assets due to rising market interest rates. Provision for credit losses was 18.82 million for the year of 2022 compared to a net benefit of 23.97 million for the same period of 2021. The increase in the provision for credit losses was primarily due to an increase in loans outstanding. Noninterest income for the year of 2022 was relatively flat from the year of 2021, decreasing 877 thousand or less than 1 . 
 49 

Noninterest expense was 472.81 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 443.49 million for the same period of 2021. The increase of 29.32 million in noninterest expense was primarily attributable to the additional employees and branch offices from the Community Bankers Trust acquisition as most major categories of noninterest expense showed increases. Mortgage Banking The mortgage banking segment reported a net loss of 7.22 million for the year of 2022 as compared to net income of 43.93 million for the year of 2021. Noninterest income, which consists mainly of realized and unrealized gains associated with the fair value of commitments and loans held for sale, was 69.31 million for the year of 2022 as compared to 183.22 million for the year of 2021. The decrease of 113.91 million in 2022 was due mainly to lower originations and sales of mortgage loans driven by the rising rate environment and a lower margin on loans sold in the secondary market. Noninterest expense was 88.98 million for the year of 2022 as compared to 138.51 million the year of 2021. Noninterest expense consists mainly of salaries, commissions, and benefits of mortgage segment employees. The decrease in 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in employee compensation due to lower employee incentives and commissions related to a decrease in mortgage banking production. The following discussion explains in more detail the consolidated results of operations by major category. Net Interest Income Net interest income represents the primary component of United s earnings. It is the difference between interest income from earning assets and interest expense incurred to fund these assets. Net interest income is impacted by changes in the volume and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in market interest rates. Such changes, and their impact on net interest income in 2022 and 2021, are presented below. Net interest income for the year of 2022 was 896.43 million, which was an increase of 153.70 million or 20.69 from the year of 2021. The 153.70 million increase in net interest income occurred because total interest income increased 206.87 million while total interest expense increased 53.18 million from the year of 2021. Generally, interest income for the year of 2022 increased from the year of 2021 due mainly to a higher amount of interest earning assets, mainly as result of the Community Bankers Trust acquisition and organic loan growth, and an increase in the yield on those earning assets mainly as a result of a rise in market interest rates. Interest expense increased primarily due to an increase in the amount of interest-bearing funds, mainly as result of the Community Bankers Trust acquisition and to partially fund loan growth, as well as an increase in market interest rates which resulted in higher funding costs. For the purpose of this remaining discussion, net interest income is presented on a tax-equivalent basis to provide a comparison among all types of interest earning assets. The tax-equivalent basis adjusts for the tax-favored status of income from certain loans and investments. Although this is a non-GAAP measure, United s management believes this measure is more widely used within the financial services industry and provides better comparability of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources. United uses this measure to monitor net interest income performance and to manage its balance sheet composition. Tax-equivalent net interest income for the year of 2022 increased 153.95 million, or 20.61 , from the year of 2021. The increase in net interest income and tax-equivalent net interest income was primarily due to the impact of rising market interest rates on earning assets, an increase in average earning assets from the Community Bankers Trust acquisition as well as organic loan growth and a change in the asset mix to higher earning assets. These increases were partially offset by higher interest expense primarily driven by deposit rate repricing, lower Paycheck Protection Plan PPP loan fee income and lower acquired loan accretion income. The interest rate spread for the year of 2022 increased 30 basis points from the year of 2021 due to a 61 basis point increase in the average yield on earning assets partially offset by a 31 basis point increase in the average cost of funds. Average earning assets for the year of 2022 increased 1.52 billion, or 6.26 , from the year of 2021 due to a 1.68 billion increase in average net loans and loans held for sale and a 1.40 billion increase in average investment securities partially offset by a 1.57 billion decrease in average short-term investments. Net PPP loan fee income was 9.62 million and 33.22 million for the year of 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 23.59 million. Acquired loan accretion income was 18.32 million and 33.86 million for the year of 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 15.54 million. The net interest margin of 3.50 for the year of 2022 was an increase of 41 basis points from the net interest margin of 3.09 for the year of 2021. 
 50 

United s tax-equivalent net interest income also includes the impact of acquisition accounting fair value adjustments. The following table provides the discount/premium and net accretion impact to tax-equivalent net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Year Ended 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31 2022 

December 31 2021 

December 31 2020 

Loan accretion 

18,315 

33,857 

41,766 

Certificates of deposit 

2,765 

4,305 

7,925 

Long-term borrowings 

(262) 

684 

1,278 

Total 

20,818 

38,846 

50,969 

The following table reconciles the difference between net interest income and tax-equivalent net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Year Ended 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31 2022 

December 31 2021 

December 31 2020 

Net interest income (GAAP) 

896,431 

742,734 

689,773 

Tax-equivalent adjustment (non-GAAP) (1) 

4,467 

4,218 

3,888 

Tax-equivalent net interest income (non-GAAP) 

900,898 

746,952 

693,661 

(1) 
 The tax-equivalent adjustment combines amounts of interest income on federally nontaxable loans and investment securities using the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 for 2022, 2021, and 2020. All interest income on loans and investment securities was subject to state income taxes. 
 51 

The following table shows the consolidated daily average balance of major categories of assets and liabilities for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 with the consolidated interest and rate earned or paid on such amount. The interest income and yields on federally nontaxable loans and investment securities are presented on a tax-equivalent basis using the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Interest income on all loans and investment securities was subject to state taxes. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Balance 

Interest (1) 

Avg. Rate (1) 

Average Balance 

Interest (1) 

Avg. Rate (1) 

Average Balance 

Interest (1) 

Avg. Rate (1) 

ASSETS 

Earning Assets: 

Federal funds sold, securities repurchased under agreements to resell other short-term investments 

1,597,108 

22,950 

1.44 

3,162,814 

8,734 

0.28 

1,501,771 

9,780 

0.65 

Investment Securities: 

Taxable 

4,532,713 

105,780 

2.33 

3,193,414 

54,678 

1.71 

2,700,416 

61,808 

2.29 

Tax-exempt 

410,037 

10,983 

2.68 

352,843 

9,129 

2.59 

217,836 

6,285 

2.89 

Total Securities 

4,942,750 

116,763 

2.36 

3,546,257 

63,807 

1.80 

2,918,252 

68,093 

2.33 

Loans and leases, net of unearned income (2) 

19,389,485 

866,744 

4.47 

17,714,288 

726,794 

4.10 

17,151,291 

724,397 

4.22 

Allowance for credit losses 

(216,104) 

(225,740) 

(186,640) 

Net loans and leases 

19,173,381 

4.52 

17,488,548 

4.16 

16,964,651 

4.27 

Total earning assets 

25,713,239 

1,006,457 

3.91 

24,197,619 

799,335 

3.30 

21,384,674 

802,270 

3.75 

Other assets 

3,360,609 

3,058,476 

2,752,396 

TOTAL ASSETS 

29,073,848 

27,256,095 

24,137,070 

LIABILITIES 

Interest-Bearing Funds: 

Interest-bearing deposits (3) 

15,466,386 

80,237 

0.52 

14,927,845 

41,620 

0.28 

12,999,285 

78,579 

0.60 

Short-term borrowings 

140,773 

1,785 

1.27 

132,489 

693 

0.52 

145,768 

1,027 

0.70 

Long- term borrowings 

1,014,655 

23,537 

2.32 

819,440 

10,070 

1.23 

1,645,783 

29,003 

1.76 

Total Interest-Bearing Funds 

16,621,814 

105,559 

0.64 

15,879,774 

52,383 

0.33 

14,790,836 

108,609 

0.73 

Noninterest-bearing deposits (3) 

7,580,624 

6,709,510 

5,153,258 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

269,970 

236,123 

236,007 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

24,472,408 

22,825,407 

20,180,101 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

4,601,440 

4,430,688 

3,956,969 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

29,073,848 

27,256,095 

24,137,070 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

900,898 

746,952 

693,661 

INTEREST SPREAD 

3.27 

2.97 

3.02 

NET INTEREST MARGIN 

3.50 

3.09 

3.24 

(1) 
 The interest income and the yields on federally nontaxable loans and investment securities are presented on a tax-equivalent basis using the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

(2) 
 Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding. 

(3) 
 For the years of 2021 and 2020, average balances of 1,571,758 and 1,280,091, respectively, were reclassed from noninterest- bearing deposits to interest-bearing deposits. 
 52 

The following table sets forth a summary for the periods indicated of the changes in consolidated interest earned and interest paid detailing the amounts attributable to (i) changes in volume (change in the average volume times the prior year s average rate), (ii) changes in rate (change in the average rate times the prior year s average volume), and (iii) changes in rate/volume (change in the average volume times the change in average rate). 

2022 Compared to 2021 

2021 Compared to 2020 

Increase (Decrease) Due to 

Increase (Decrease) Due to 

(In thousands) 
 
 Volume 

Rate 

Rate/ Volume 

Total 

Volume 

Rate 

Rate/ Volume 

Total 

Interest income: 

Federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell and other short-term investments 

(4,384) 

36,689 

(18,089) 

14,216 

10,797 

(5,557) 

(6,286) 

(1,046) 
 
 Investment securities: 

Taxable 

22,902 

19,799 

8,401 

51,102 

11,290 

(15,662) 

(2,758) 

(7,130) 
 
 Tax-exempt (1) 

1,481 

318 

55 

1,854 

3,902 

(654) 

(404) 

2,844 

Loans (1),(2) 

70,089 

62,959 

6,902 

139,950 

22,370 

(18,661) 

(1,312) 

2,397 

TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 

90,088 

119,765 

(2,731) 

207,122 

48,359 

(40,534) 

(10,760) 

(2,935) 

Interest expense: 

Interest-bearing deposits 

1,508 

35,827 

1,282 

38,617 

11,571 

(41,598) 

(6,932) 

(36,959) 
 
 Short-term borrowings 

43 

994 

55 

1,092 

(93) 

(262) 

21 

(334) 
 
 Long-term borrowings 

2,401 

8,932 

2,134 

13,467 

(14,544) 

(8,723) 

4,334 

(18,933) 

TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE 

3,952 

45,753 

3,471 

53,176 

(3,066) 

(50,583) 

(2,577) 

(56,226) 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

86,136 

74,012 

(6,202) 

153,946 

51,425 

10,049 

(8,183) 

53,291 

(1) 
 Yields and interest income on federally tax-exempt loans and investment securities are computed on a fully tax-equivalent basis using the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

(2) 
 Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding. Provision for Credit Losses United s provision for credit losses was 18.82 million for the year of 2022 while the provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 23.97 million for the year of 2021. United s provision for credit losses relates to its portfolio of loans and leases, held to maturity securities and interest receivable on loans which are discussed in more detail in the following paragraphs. The provision for loan and lease losses for the year of 2022 was 18.83 million as compared to a net benefit of 23.72 million for the year of 2021. The higher amount of provision expense for 2022 compared to 2021 was mainly due to an increase in overall loans outstanding. Net charge-offs for the year of 2022 were 101 thousand as compared to 8.72 million for the year of 2021. The lower amount of net charge-offs for the year of 2022 as compared to the year of 2021 was primarily due to charge-offs recognized on several large commercial credits in 2021. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases were zero and 0.05 for the year of 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, nonperforming loans and leases were 58.64 million or 0.29 of loans and leases, net of unearned income as compared to 90.76 million or 0.50 of loans, net of unearned income at December 31, 2021. The components of nonperforming loans and leases include: 1) nonaccrual loans and leases, 2) loans and leases which are contractually past due 90 days or more as to interest or principal, but have not been put on a nonaccrual basis and 3) loans and leases whose terms have been restructured for economic or legal reasons due to financial difficulties of the borrowers. 
 53 

Loans past due 90 days or more were 15.57 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 3.31 million or 17.55 from 18.88 million at year-end 2021. This decrease was primarily due to a large delinquent commercial credit brought current. At December 31, 2022, nonaccrual loans were 23.69 million, which was a decrease of 12.34 million or 34.26 from 36.03 million at year-end 2021. This decrease was due to the repayment of several mid-sized commercial nonaccrual loans as well as the return to accrual status for three commercial relationships. Restructured loans were 19.39 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 16.47 million or 45.93 from 35.86 million at year-end 2021. The decrease was mainly due to the repayment of six large commercial relationships during the year of 2022. The loss potential on these loans has been properly evaluated and allocated within the Company s allowance for loan losses. Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and leases and real estate acquired in foreclosure or other settlement of loans OREO ). Total nonperforming assets of 60.69 million, including OREO of 2.05 million at December 31, 2022, represented 0.21 of total assets. United maintains an allowance for loan and lease losses and a reserve for lending-related commitments. The combined allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for lending-related commitments is considered the allowance for credit losses. At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses was 280.94 million as compared to 247.46 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan and lease losses was 234.75 million as compared to 216.02 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses was due mainly to an increase in outstanding loans as well as lower forecasted Gross Domestic Product GDP and a higher forecasted unemployment rate within the reasonable and supportable forecast. This increase was offset slightly due to improvement in historical loss rates and a decrease in allocations established for individually assessed loans. As a percentage of loans and leases, net of unearned income, the allowance for loan losses was 1.14 at December 31, 2022 and 1.20 at December 31, 2021. The ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses to nonperforming loans and leases or coverage ratio was 400.33 and 238.00 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in this ratio was due mainly to a decline in nonperforming loans. The following table summarizes United s credit loss experience for loan and leases losses, based on loan categories, for the year of 2022 and 2021: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Commercial, financial and agricultural: 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate 

Loans leases charged off 

68 

414 

Recoveries 

489 

869 

Net loans leases (recovered) charged off 

(421) 

(455) 
 
 Average gross loans leases outstanding 

1,716,201 

1,612,387 

Net recoveries as a percentage of average gross loans leases outstanding 

(0.02) 

(0.03) 
 
 Nonowner-occupied commercial real estate 

Loans leases charged off 

0 

3,531 

Recoveries 

234 

1,907 

Net loans leases (recovered) charged off 

(234) 

1,624 

Average gross loans leases outstanding 

6,042,221 

5,045,006 

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average gross loans leases outstanding 

0.00 

0.03 

Other Commercial 

Loans leases charged off 

4,308 

6,182 

Recoveries 

5,367 

4,307 

Net loans leases (recovered) charged off 

(1,059) 

1,875 

Average gross loans leases outstanding 

3,613,204 

3,777,988 

Net (recoveries) charge-offs as a percentage of average gross loans leases outstanding 

(0.03) 

0.05 

54 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Residential Real Estate 

Loans leases charged off 

1,546 

6,016 

Recoveries 

1,507 

2,400 

Net loans leases charged off 

39 

3,616 

Average gross loans leases outstanding 

4,080,515 

3,624,157 

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average gross loans leases outstanding 

0.00 

0.10 

Construction 

Loans leases charged off 

2 

560 

Recoveries 

1,414 

604 

Net loans leases (recovered) charged off 

(1,412) 

(44) 
 
 Average gross loans leases outstanding 

2,517,561 

1,961,661 

Net recoveries as a percentage of average gross loans leases outstanding 

(0.06) 

(0.00) 
 
 Consumer: 

Bankcard 

Loans leases charged off 

355 

190 

Recoveries 

9 

42 

Net loans leases charged off 

346 

148 

Average gross loans leases outstanding 

8,766 

8,298 

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average gross loans leases outstanding 

3.95 

1.78 

Other consumer 

Loans leases charged off 

3,371 

2,404 

Recoveries 

529 

449 449 

Net loans leases charged off 

2,842 

1,955 

Average gross loans leases outstanding 

1,309,773 

1,174,323 

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average gross loans leases outstanding 

0.22 

0.17 

Total 

Loans leases charged off 

9,650 

19,297 

Recoveries 

9,549 

10,578 

Net loans leases charged off 

101 

8,719 

Average gross loans leases outstanding 

19,288,241 

17,203,820 

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average gross loans leases outstanding 

0.00 

0.05 

Nonaccrual loans leases 

30,871 

58,449 

Allowance for loan lease losses 

234,746 

216,016 

Loans leases (net of unearned income) 

20,558,166 

18,023,648 

Allowance for loan lease losses as a percentage of loans (net of unearned income) 

1.14 

1.20 

Nonaccrual loans as a percentage of loans leases (net of unearned income) 

0.15 

0.32 

Allowance for loan lease losses as a percentage of nonaccrual loans leases 

760.41 

369.58 
 
 United continues to evaluate risks which may impact its loan and lease portfolios. Reserves are initially determined based on losses identified from the PD/LGD and Cohort models which utilize the Company s historical information. Then, any qualitative adjustments are applied to account for the Company s view of the future and other factors. If current conditions underlying any qualitative adjustment factor were deemed to be materially different than historical conditions, an adjustment was made for that factor. 
 55 

The year of 2022 qualitative adjustments include analyses of the following: 

Current conditions United considered the impact of inflation, rising interest rates, increased oil and gas prices and the potential impact of the geopolitical situation when making determinations related to factor adjustments, such as changes in economic and business conditions; collateral values for dependent loans; past due, nonaccrual and adversely classified loans and leases; concentrations of credit and external factors. 

Reasonable and supportable forecasts The forecast is determined on a portfolio-by-portfolio basis by relating the correlation of real GDP and the unemployment rate to loss rates to forecasts of those variables. The reasonable and supportable forecast selection is subjective in nature and requires more judgment compared to the other components of the allowance. Assumptions for the economic variables were the following: 

The forecast for real GDP shifted downward in the fourth quarter, from a projection of 1.20 for 2023 as of mid-September 2022 to 0.50 for 2023 as of mid-December with projections of 1.60 for 2024 and 1.80 for 2025. The unemployment rate forecast shifted slightly upward compared to the third quarter of 2022 with an increasing trend expected throughout 2024 and 2025. 

Reversion to historical loss data occurs via a straight-line method during the year following the one-year reasonable and supportable forecast period. The following table presents the allocation of United s allowance for credit losses for the years ended December 31: 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Commercial, financial agricultural: 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate 

13,945 

14,443 

Nonowner-occupied commercial real estate 

38,543 

42,156 

Other commercial 

79,706 

78,432 

Total commercial, financial agricultural 

132,194 

135,031 

Residential real estate 

36,227 

26,404 

Construction land development 

48,390 

39,395 

Consumer: 

Bankcard 

561 

317 

Other consumer 

17,374 

14,869 

Allowance for loan losses 

234,746 

216,016 

Reserve for lending-related commitments 

46,189 

31,442 

Allowance for credit losses 

280,935 

247,458 

The following is a summary of loans and leases outstanding as a percent of gross loans at December 31: 

2022 

2021 

Commercial, financial agricultural: 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate 

8.38 

9.60 

Nonowner-occupied commercial real estate 

30.55 

33.00 

Other commercial 

17.55 

19.18 

Total commercial, financial agricultural 

56.48 

61.78 

Residential real estate 

22.66 

20.45 

Construction land development 

14.22 

11.16 

Consumer: 

Bankcard 

0.05 

0.05 

Other consumer 

6.59 

6.56 

Total 

100.00 

100.00 

United s review of the allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31, 2022 produced increased reserves in three of the four loan categories as compared to December 31, 2021. The residential real estate reserve increased 9.82 million. The real estate construction and development loan pool reserve increased 8.99 million. The consumer loan pool reserve increased 2.75 million. Each of these increases were primarily due to increased outstanding balances. The allowance related to the commercial, financial agricultural loan pool decreased 2.84 million. This decrease is due to improvement in historical loss rates and a decrease in allocations established for individually assessed loans. 
 56 

An allowance is established for estimated lifetime losses for loans that are individually assessed. Nonperforming commercial loans and leases are regularly reviewed to identify expected credit losses. A loan is individually assessed for expected credit losses when the loan does not share similar characteristics with other loans in the portfolio. Measuring expected credit losses of a loan requires judgment and estimates, and the eventual outcomes may differ from those estimates. Expected credit losses are measured based upon the present value of expected future cash flows from the loan discounted at the loan s effective rate or the fair value of collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. When the selected measure is less than the recorded investment in the loan, an expected credit loss has occurred. The allowance for loans and leases that were individually assessed was 1.27 million at December 31, 2022 and 6.53 million at December 31, 2021. In comparison to the prior year-end, this element of the allowance decreased 5.26 million due to repayment of individually assessed loans, improved borrowers financial conditions such that individual assessments were no longer necessary and improved collateral valuations. Management believes that the allowance for credit losses of 280.94 million at December 31, 2022 is adequate to provide for expected losses on existing loans and lending-related commitments based on information currently available. United s loan administration policies are focused on the risk characteristics of the loan portfolio in terms of loan approval and credit quality. The commercial loan portfolio is monitored for possible concentrations of credit in one or more industries. Management has lending limits as a percentage of capital per type of credit concentration in an effort to ensure adequate diversification within the portfolio. Most of United s commercial loans are secured by real estate located in West Virginia, southeastern Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, and the District of Columbia. It is the opinion of management that these commercial loans do not pose any unusual risks and that adequate consideration has been given to these loans in establishing the allowance for credit losses. The provision for credit losses related to held to maturity securities for the year of 2022 and 2021 was immaterial. The allowance for credit losses related to held to maturity securities was 18 thousand as of December 31, 2022 as compared to 19 thousand as of December 31, 2021. There was no provision for credit losses recorded on available for sale investment securities for the year of 2022 and 2021 and no allowance for credit losses on available for sale investment securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Loan interest payment deferrals granted by United under the CARES Act ended on of January 1, 2022. Therefore, United released all of its remaining 8 thousand in reserves in the year of 2022 related to these loan interest payment deferrals granted under the CARES Act as compared to the release of 242 thousand in the year of 2021. The allowance for accrued interest receivables not expected to be collected as of December 31, 2021 was 8 thousand. Management is not aware of any potential problem loans or leases, trends or uncertainties, which it reasonably expects, will materially impact future operating results, liquidity, or capital resources which have not been disclosed. Additionally, management has disclosed all known material credits, which cause management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the loan repayment schedules. Other Income Other income consists of all revenues, which are not included in interest and fee income related to earning assets. Noninterest income has been and will continue to be an important factor for improving United s profitability. Recognizing the importance, management continues to evaluate areas where noninterest income can be enhanced. Noninterest income for the year of 2022 was 153.26 million, which was a decrease of 124.87 million or 44.90 from the year of 2021. The decrease was due mainly to a decrease in income from mortgage banking activities primarily as a result of lower mortgage loan originations and sales volume driven by a rising interest rate environment and a lower margin on loans sold in the secondary market. 
 57 

Income from mortgage banking activities totaled 42.69 million for the year of 2022 compared to 171.69 million for the year of 2021. The decrease of 129.00 million or 75.14 for the year of 2022 was due mainly to lower mortgage loan origination and sale volume driven by the rising rate environment and a lower margin on loans sold in the secondary market. Mortgage loan sales were 2.20 billion in the year of 2022 as compared to 6.41 billion in the year of 2021. Mortgage loans originated for sale were 1.90 billion for the year of 2022 as compared to 6.19 billion for the year of 2021. United recognized a net gain of 776 thousand on investment securities activity in 2022 as compared to a net gain of 2.68 million on investment securities activity in 2021. In particular, United recognized a net gain of 1.36 million on an equity security without a readily determinable market value and a 589 thousand net loss on equity securities for the year of 2022 as compared to net gains of 1.55 million on the sales, calls and redemption of available-for-sale securities investment securities, 670 thousand on equity securities and 455 thousand on an equity security without a readily determinable market value for the year of 2021. In addition, United did not recognize any impairment on investment securities for the year of 2022 and 2021. Fees from trust services for the year of 2022 were 17.22 million, an increase of 664 thousand or 4.01 from the year of 2021 due to an increase in managed assets. Fees from brokerage services for the year of 2022 were 16.41 million, an increase of 853 thousand or 5.48 from the year of 2021 due to increased volume. Fees from deposit services for the year of 2022 were 40.56 million, an increase of 1.87 million or 4.83 from the year of 2021. Debit card income increased 741 thousand and overdraft fees increased 713 thousand. Partially offsetting fees from deposit services was the impact of implemented changes to United s overdraft policy during the third quarter of 2022. Bankcard fees for the year of 2022 increased 1.10 million or 19.96 from the year of 2021 due mainly to an increase in interchange income from increased volume. Income from bank-owned life insurance BOLI for the year of 2022 increased 2.35 million or 34.33 from the year of 2021 due to an increase of 2.64 million in death benefits and the addition of 30.64 million in BOLI from the Community Bankers Trust acquisition. Other miscellaneous income decreased 700 thousand or 8.71 mainly due to an decrease in prepayment fees received on Delegated Underwriting and Servicing DUS securities. Other Expense Just as management continues to evaluate areas where noninterest income can be enhanced, it strives to improve the efficiency of its operations to reduce costs. Other expense includes all items of expense other than interest expense, the provision for credit losses and income tax expense. Noninterest expense for the year of 2022 was 555.09 million, which was a decrease of 26.89 million or 4.62 from the year of 2021. Employee compensation for the year of 2022 decreased 37.56 million or 13.42 from the year of 2021. The decrease for 2022 was due mainly to lower employee commissions, incentives and overtime related to a decline in mortgage banking production partially offset by additional employees from the Community Bankers Trust acquisition. Employee benefits expense for the year of 2022 decreased 7.93 million or 14.71 as compared to the year of 2021. For the year of 2022, postretirement expense, which includes expense associated with United s pension plan, supplemental early retirement plans SERPs and Savings and Stock Investment Plan 401K plan ), decreased 8.25 million from the year of 2021. United uses certain valuation methodologies to measure the fair value of the assets within United s pension plan which are presented in Note P, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The funded status of United s pension plan is based upon the fair value of the plan assets compared to the projected benefit obligation. The determination of the projected benefit obligation and the associated periodic benefit expense involves significant judgment and estimation of future employee compensation levels, the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. If United assumes a 1 increase or decrease in the estimation of future employee compensation levels while 
 58 

keeping all other assumptions constant, the benefit cost associated with the pension plan would increase by approximately 909 thousand and decrease by approximately 849 thousand, respectively. If United assumes a 1 increase or decrease in the discount rate while keeping all other assumptions constant, the benefit cost associated with the pension plan would decrease by approximately 3.15 million and increase by approximately 3.61 million, respectively. If United assumes a 1 increase or decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets while keeping all other assumptions constant, the benefit cost associated with the pension plan would decrease and increase by approximately 2.07 million, respectively. Net occupancy expense increased 3.10 million or 7.36 for the year of 2022 as compared to the prior year. The increase was due mainly to increases of 1.17 million in building maintenance expense and 998 thousand in depreciation due mainly to the offices added in the Community Bankers Trust acquisition partially offset by a decline of 479 thousand in building rental expense due to the closing of certain leased offices. OREO expense for the year of 2022 decreased 3.23 million or 60.19 from the year of 2021 due mainly to fewer declines in the fair value of OREO properties. Equipment expense increased 3.34 million or 12.86 for the year of 2022 as compared to the year of 2021. The increase was due mainly to higher maintenance costs of 2.32 million and depreciation expense of 684 thousand primarily due to the Community Bankers Trust acquisition. Data processing expense decreased 1.45 million or 4.61 for the year of 2022 as compared to the year of 2021. The decrease for year of 2022 was due to 3.47 million of merger conversion and Community Bankers Trust contract termination costs included in the year of 2021. Mortgage loan servicing expense and impairment for the year of 2022 decreased 5.15 million from the year of 2021. The decrease was due to the recovery of past temporary impairment and lower amortization expense of mortgage servicing rights. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC expense for the year of 2022 increased 3.64 million or 43.64 from the year of 2021 due to a higher assessment base. Other expense for the year of 2022 increased 17.48 million or 14.46 from the year of 2021. The increase in other noninterest expense mainly resulted from higher amounts of certain general operating expenses primarily related to consulting and legal costs. Additionally, the expense for the reserve for unfunded loan commitments increased 2.71 million and charitable contributions increased 1.41 million from the year of 2021. Income Taxes For the year ended December 31, 2022, income taxes were 96.16 million, compared to 95.12 million for 2021, an increase of 1.04 million or 1.09 . The increase was due to higher earnings partially offset by a slightly lower effective tax rate. United s effective tax rate was approximately 20.2 and 20.6 for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to 19.7 for 2020. For further details related to income taxes, see Note O, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Quarterly Results Net income for the first quarter of 2022 was 81.66 million as compared to earnings of 106.90 million for the first quarter of 2021. Earnings for the first quarter of 2022, as compared to the first quarter of 2021, decreased primarily due to lower income from mortgage banking activities mainly as a result of the rising rate environment partially offset by lower noninterest expense associated with decreased mortgage banking production. Net interest income for the first quarter of 2022 was relatively flat from the first quarter of 2021, increasing 542 thousand, or less than 1 , to 191.50 million from net interest income of 190.96 million for the first three months of 2021. The slight increase of 542 thousand in net interest income occurred because total interest income decreased 2.86 million while total interest expense decreased 3.40 million from the first quarter of 2021. The provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 3.41 million for the first quarter of 2022 
 59 

as compared to a provision for credit losses expense of 143 thousand for the first quarter of 2021. The decrease in the provision for credit losses was mainly due to the impact of better performance trends within the loan portfolio. Noninterest income was 46.02 million for the first three months of 2022, a decrease of 46.55 million or 50.28 from the first three months of 2021 due mainly to decreased income from mortgage banking activities due to a lower volume of mortgage loan originations and sales in the secondary market mainly the result of a rising interest rate environment. Noninterest expense for the first three months of 2022 decreased 9.75 million or 6.55 from the first three months of 2021 due mainly to lower employee compensation expense as a result of lower employee commissions, incentives and overtime related to mortgage banking production and lower OREO expense due to fewer declines in the fair value of OREO properties. Income taxes decreased 7.47 million or 27.09 for the first three months of 2022 as compared to the first three months of 2021 primarily due to lower earnings and a lower effective tax rate. The effective tax rate was 19.75 and 20.50 for the first quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net income for the second quarter of 2022 was 95.61 million or 0.71 per diluted share, as compared to 94.84 million or 0.73 per diluted share for the prior year second quarter. Net interest income for the second quarter of 2022 was 214.90 million, which was an increase of 28.39 million or 15.22 from the second quarter of 2021. The 28.39 million increase in net interest income occurred because total interest income increased 27.59 million while total interest expense decreased 801 thousand from the second quarter of 2021. United s provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 1.81 million for the second quarter of 2022 while the provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 8.88 million for the second quarter of 2021. The lower net benefit amount for 2022 compared to 2021 was mainly due to an increase in total loans outstanding. For the second quarter of 2022, noninterest income was 43.61 million, which was a decrease of 19.26 million or 30.63 from the second quarter of 2021. The decrease in noninterest income were primarily due to decreased income from mortgage banking activities due to a lower volume of mortgage loan originations and sales in the secondary market mainly the result of a rising interest rate environment. For the second quarter of 2022, noninterest expense increased 2.21 million or 1.59 from the second quarter of 2021 due mainly to an increase in the expense for the reserve for unfunded loan commitments as well as higher amounts of certain general operating expenses. Income taxes for the second quarter of 2022 were 23.53 million as compared to 24.46 million for the second quarter of 2021. For the quarters ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, United s effective tax rate was 19.75 and 20.50 , respectively. Net income for the third quarter of 2022 was 102.59 million or 0.76 per diluted share, as compared to 92.15 million or 0.71 per diluted share for the prior year third quarter. Net interest income for the third quarter of 2022 was 240.62 million, which was an increase of 59.04 million or 32.52 from the third quarter of 2021. The 59.04 million increase in net interest income occurred because total interest income increased 69.60 million while total interest expense increased 10.56 million from the third quarter of 2021. The provision for credit losses was 7.67 million for the third quarter of 2022 while the provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 7.83 million for the third quarter of 2021. For the third quarter of 2022, noninterest income was 32.75 million, which was a decrease of 35.88 million or 52.28 from the third quarter of 2021 primarily due to decreased income from mortgage banking activities due to a lower volume of mortgage loan originations and sales in the secondary market mainly the result of a rising interest rate environment. For the third quarter of 2022, noninterest expense decreased 5.08 million or 3.58 from the third quarter of 2021 due mainly to lower employee compensation expense as a result of lower employee commissions, incentives and overtime related to mortgage banking production. Income tax expense for the third quarter of 2022 was 25.92 million as compared to 23.60 million for the third quarter of 2021 primarily due to higher earnings partially offset by a slightly lower effective tax rate. United s effective tax rate was 20.17 and 20.39 for the third quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 99.77 million or 0.74 per diluted share as compared to earnings of 73.85 million or 0.56 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2021. Net interest income for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 249.40 million, which was an increase of 65.73 million or 35.78 from the fourth quarter of 2021. The 65.73 million increase in net interest income occurred because total interest income increased 112.55 million while total interest expense increased 46.82 million from the fourth quarter of 2021. The provision for credit losses was 16.37 million for the fourth quarter of 2022 as compared to a net benefit of 7.41 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. The increase in the provision for credit losses was primarily due to loan growth and the impact of reasonable and supportable forecasts of future macroeconomic conditions. Partially offsetting the fourth quarter of 2021 net benefit was a provision for loan losses of 12.29 million recorded on purchased non-credit deteriorated non-PCD loans from Community Bankers Trust. Noninterest income for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 30.88 million, which was a decrease of 23.17 million, or 42.87 
 60 

from the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease in noninterest income was driven primarily by a 22.72 million decrease in income from mortgage banking activities mainly due to lower mortgage loan origination and sale volume and a lower margin on loans sold in the secondary market. Noninterest expense for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 137.54 million, a decrease of 14.25 million, or 9.39 , from the fourth quarter of 2021 primarily due to decreases of 14.01 million in employee compensation and 3.39 million in data processing expense. The decrease in employee compensation was primarily due to lower employee commissions and incentives related to mortgage banking production and the impact of 2.53 million of merger-related expenses recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021. Data processing expense for the fourth quarter of 2021 included 3.47 million of merger-related expenses associated with the Community Bankers Trust acquisition. For the fourth quarter of 2022, income tax expense was 26.61 million as compared to 19.49 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. The increase of 7.12 million was primarily due to higher earnings and a slightly higher effective tax rate. United s effective tax rate was 21.06 for the fourth quarter of 2022 and 20.88 for the fourth quarter of 2021. Additional quarterly financial data for 2022 and 2021 may be found in Note Z, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Effect of Inflation United s income statements generally reflect the effects of inflation. Since interest rates, loan demand and deposit levels are impacted by inflation, the resulting changes in the interest-sensitive assets and liabilities are included in net interest income. Similarly, operating expenses such as salaries, rents and maintenance include changing prices resulting from inflation. One item that would not reflect inflationary changes is depreciation expense. Subsequent to the acquisition of depreciable assets, inflation causes price levels to rise; therefore, historically presented dollar values do not reflect this inflationary condition. Inflationary pressure on consumers and uncertainty regarding the economy could result in changes in consumer and business spending, borrowing and savings habits. Such conditions could have a material adverse effect on the credit quality of our loans and our business, financial condition and results of operations. Management will monitor the impact of inflation as conditions warrant. The Effect of Regulatory Policies and Economic Conditions United s business and earnings are affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government, its agencies and various other governmental regulatory authorities. The Federal Reserve Board regulates the supply of money in order to influence general economic conditions. Among the instruments of monetary policy available to the Federal Reserve Board are (i) conducting open market operations in United States government obligations, (ii) changing the discount rate on financial institution borrowings, (iii) imposing or changing reserve requirements against financial institution deposits, and (iv) restricting certain borrowings and imposing or changing reserve requirements against certain borrowings by financial institutions and their affiliates. These methods are used in varying degrees and combinations to affect directly the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. United s business and earnings are also affected by general and local economic conditions. Certain credit markets can experience difficult conditions and volatility. Downturns in the credit market can cause a decline in the value of certain loans and securities, a reduction in liquidity and a tightening of credit. A downturn in the credit market often signals a weakening economy that can cause job losses and thus distress on borrowers and their ability to repay loans. Uncertainties in credit markets and the economy present significant challenges for the financial services industry. Regulatory policies and economic conditions have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future; however, United cannot accurately predict the nature, timing or extent of any effect such policies or economic conditions may have on its future business and earnings. Liquidity and Capital Resources In the opinion of management, United maintains liquidity that is sufficient to satisfy its depositors requirements and the credit needs of its customers. Like all banks, United depends upon its ability to renew maturing deposits and other liabilities on a daily basis and to acquire new funds in a variety of markets. A significant source of funds available to United 
 61 

is core deposits . Core deposits include certain demand deposits, statement and special savings and NOW accounts. These deposits are relatively stable, and they are the lowest cost source of funds available to United. Short-term borrowings have also been a significant source of funds. These include federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase as well as advances from the FHLB. Repurchase agreements represent funds which are obtained as the result of a competitive bidding process. Liquid assets are cash and those items readily convertible to cash. All banks must maintain sufficient balances of cash and near-cash items to meet the day-to-day demands of customers and United s cash needs. Other than cash and due from banks, the available for sale securities portfolio and maturing loans are the primary sources of liquidity. The goal of liquidity management is to ensure the ability to access funding which enables United to efficiently satisfy the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers and meet United s cash needs. Liquidity is managed by monitoring funds availability from a number of primary sources. Substantial funding is available from cash and cash equivalents, unused short-term borrowing and a geographically dispersed network of branches providing access to a diversified and substantial retail deposit market. Short-term needs can be met through a wide array of outside sources such as correspondent and downstream correspondent federal funds and utilization of Federal Home Loan Bank advances. Other sources of liquidity available to United to provide long-term as well as short-term funding alternatives, in addition to FHLB advances, are long-term certificates of deposit, lines of credit, borrowings that are secured by bank premises or stock of United s subsidiaries and issuances of trust preferred securities. In the normal course of business, United through its Asset Liability Committee evaluates these as well as other alternative funding strategies that may be utilized to meet short-term and long-term funding needs. See Notes L and M, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Cash flows provided by operations in 2022 were 760.82 million due mainly to net income of 379.63 million for the year of 2022. In 2021, cash flows provided by operations were 609.54 million due mainly to net income of 367.74 million for the year of 2021. In 2022, net cash of 3.45 billion was used in investing activities which was primarily due to net loan growth of 2.37 billion and net purchases of 1.09 billion of investment securities over proceeds from sales of investment securities. In 2021, net cash of 15.65 million was provided by investing activities which was primarily due to net loan repayments of 882.15 million and net cash of 39.42 million acquired in the Community Bankers Trust merger partially offset by 813.94 million of purchases of investment securities over proceeds from sales of investment securities and the purchase of 85.00 million of bank-owned life insurance policies. During the year of 2022, net cash of 105.32 million was provided by financing activities due primarily to net advances of 1.38 billion from long-term FHLB borrowings partially offset by a decline of 1.04 billion in deposits. Other uses of cash within funding activities for the year of 2022 were 193.04 million for cash dividends paid and 79.46 million for the acquisition of treasury stock. During the year of 2021, net cash of 923.91 million was provided by financing activities due primarily to net growth of 1.25 billion in deposits. This source of cash from funding activities was partially offset by net repayment of 40.21 million in short-term borrowings, net repayment of 97.79 million in long-term FHLB advances and cash dividends paid of 181.28 million for year of 2021. The net effect of the cash flow activities was a decrease in cash and cash equivalents of 2.58 billion for the year of 2022 as compared to an increase in cash and cash equivalents of 1.55 billion for the year of 2021. See the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in the Consolidated Financial Statements. United enters into derivative contracts, mainly to protect against adverse interest rate movements on the value of certain assets or liabilities, under which it is required to either pay cash to or receive cash from counterparties depending on changes in interest rates. Derivative contracts are carried at fair value and not notional value on the consolidated balance sheet and therefore do not represent the amounts that may ultimately be paid under these contracts. Further discussion of derivative instruments is included in Note S, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. United is also a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include loan commitments and standby letters of credit. United s maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the financial instrument for the loan commitments and standby letters of credit is the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. United uses the same policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 62 

The following table details the amounts of significant commitments and letters of credit as of December 31, 2022: 

(In thousands) 
 
 Amount 

Commitments to extend credit: 

Revolving open-end secured by 1-4 residential 

853,539 

Credit card and personal revolving lines 

219,446 

Commercial 

6,177,170 

Total unused commitments 

7,250,155 

Financial standby letters of credit 

57,782 

Performance standby letters of credit 

89,729 

Commercial letters of credit 

16,389 

Total letters of credit 

163,900 

Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses, generally within one year, and may require the payment of a fee. Further discussion of commitments is included in Note R, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. United anticipates it can meet its obligations over the next 12 months and has no material commitments for capital expenditures. There are no known trends, demands, commitments, or events that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in United s liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. United also has lines of credit available. See Notes L and M to the accompanying unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more details regarding the amounts available to United under lines of credit. The Asset Liability Committee monitors liquidity to ascertain that a liquidity position within certain prescribed parameters is maintained. No changes are anticipated in the policies of United s Asset Liability Committee. United s capital position is financially sound. United seeks to maintain a proper relationship between capital and total assets to support growth and sustain earnings. United has historically generated attractive returns on shareholders equity. United is well-capitalized based upon regulatory guidelines. United s risk-based capital ratio is 14.37 at December 31, 2022 while its Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and leverage ratios are 12.30 , 12.30 and 10.79 , respectively. The December 31, 2022 ratios reflects United s election of a five-year transition provision, allowed by the Federal Reserve Board and other federal banking agencies in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, to delay for two years the full impact of CECL on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period. The regulatory requirements for a well-capitalized financial institution are a risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 , a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.0 and a leverage ratio of 5.0 . Total shareholders equity was 4.52 billion at December 31, 2022, which was a decrease of 202.44 million or 4.29 from December 31, 2021. This decrease is primarily due to a decrease of 327.84 million in accumulated other comprehensive income due mainly to an after-tax decrease in the fair value of available for sale securities as a result of a rising interest rate environment. In addition, treasury stock increased 79.79 million or 46.76 due to the repurchase of 2,259,546 shares of United common stock under stock repurchase plans approved by United s Board of Directors. Partially offsetting these decreases was an increase of 184.65 million in retained earnings (net income less dividends declared). United s equity to assets ratio was 15.31 at December 31, 2022 as compared to 16.09 at December 31, 2021. The primary capital ratio, capital and reserves to total assets and reserves, was 16.11 at December 31, 2022 as compared to 16.79 at December 31, 2021. United s average equity to average asset ratio was 15.83 at December 31, 2022 as compared to 16.26 at December 31, 2021. All of these financial measurements reflect a financially sound position. 
 63 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, United s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.36 per share. Dividends per share of 1.44 for the year of 2022 represented an increase over the 1.41 per share paid for 2021. Total cash dividends declared to common shareholders were 194.98 million for the year of 2022 as compared to 182.36 million for the year of 2021. The year 2022 was the forty-nineth consecutive year of dividend increases to United shareholders. 

Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The objective of United s Asset/Liability Management function is to maintain consistent growth in net interest income within United s policy guidelines. This objective is accomplished through the management of balance sheet liquidity and interest rate risk exposures due to changes in economic conditions, interest rate levels and customer preferences. Interest Rate Risk Management considers interest rate risk to be United s most significant market risk. Interest rate risk is the exposure to adverse changes in United s net interest income as a result of changes in interest rates. United s earnings are largely dependent on the effective management of interest rate risk. Management of interest rate risk focuses on maintaining consistent growth in net interest income within Board-approved policy limits. United s Asset/Liability Management Committee ALCO ), which includes senior management representatives and reports to the Board of Directors, monitors and manages interest rate risk to maintain an acceptable level of change to net interest income as a result of changes in interest rates. Policy established for interest rate risk is stated in terms of the change in net interest income over a one-year and two-year horizon given an immediate and sustained increase or decrease in interest rates. The current limits approved by the Board of Directors are structured on a staged basis with each stage requiring specific actions. United employs a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage its exposure to changing interest rates. One such technique utilizes an earnings simulation model to analyze the sensitivity of net interest income to movements in interest rates. The model is based on actual cash flows and repricing characteristics for on and off-balance sheet instruments and incorporates market-based assumptions regarding the impact of changing interest rates on the prepayment rate of certain assets and liabilities. The model also includes executive management projections for activity levels in product lines offered by United. Assumptions based on the historical behavior of deposit rates and balances in relation to changes in interest rates are also incorporated into the model. Rate scenarios could involve parallel or nonparallel shifts in the yield curve, depending on historical, current, and expected conditions, as well as the need to capture any material effects of explicit or embedded options. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management s strategies. Interest sensitive assets and liabilities are defined as those assets or liabilities that mature or are repriced within a designated time frame. The principal function of managing interest rate risk is to maintain an appropriate relationship between those assets and liabilities that are sensitive to changing market interest rates. The difference between rate sensitive assets and rate sensitive liabilities for specified periods of time is known as the GAP. Earnings-simulation analysis captures not only the potential of these interest sensitive assets and liabilities to mature or reprice, but also the probability that they will do so. Moreover, earnings-simulation analysis considers the relative sensitivities of these balance sheet items and projects their behavior over an extended period of time. United closely monitors the sensitivity of its assets and liabilities on an on-going basis and projects the effect of various interest rate changes on its net interest margin. 
 64 

The following table shows United s estimated earnings sensitivity profile as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Change in Interest Rates 
 
 Percentage Change in Net Interest Income 
 
 (basis points) 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 

+200 
 
 (6.83 
 
 4.61 
 
 +100 
 
 (3.00 
 
 2.70 
 
 -100 
 
 2.12 
 
 (0.98 
 
 -200 
 
 2.16 
 
 (2.42 
 At December 31, 2022, given an immediate, sustained 100 basis point upward shock to the yield curve used in the simulation model, net interest income for United is estimated to decrease by 3.00 over one year as compared to an increase of 2.70 at December 31, 2021. A 200 basis point immediate, sustained upward shock in the yield curve would decrease net interest income by an estimated 6.83 over one year as of December 31, 2022, as compared to an increase of 4.61 as of December 31, 2021. A 100 basis point immediate, sustained downward shock in the yield curve would increase net interest income by an estimated 2.12 over one year as of December 31, 2022 as compared to a decrease of 0.98 , over one year as of December 31, 2021. A 200 basis point immediate, sustained downward shock in the yield curve would increase net interest income by an estimated 2.16 over one year as of December 31, 2022 as compared to a decrease of 2.42 over one year as of December 31, 2021. In addition to the one year earnings sensitivity analysis, a two-year analysis is also performed. Compared to the one year analysis, United is projected to show improved performance in year two within the upward rate shock scenarios. Given an immediate, sustained 100 basis point upward shock to the yield curve used in the simulation model, net interest income for United is estimated to increase by 0.75 in year two as of December 31, 2022. A 200 basis point immediate, sustained upward shock in the yield curve would increase net interest income by an estimated 0.08 in year two as of December 31, 2022. A 100 basis point immediate, sustained downward shock in the yield curve would decrease net interest income by an estimated 2.32 in year two as of December 31, 2022. A 200 basis point immediate, sustained downward shock in the yield curve would decrease net interest income by an estimated 8.34 in year two as of December 31, 2022. While it is unlikely market rates would immediately move 100 or 200 basis points upward or downward on a sustained basis, this is another tool used by management and the Board of Directors to gauge interest rate risk. All of these estimated changes in net interest income are and were within the policy guidelines established by the Board of Directors. To further aid in interest rate management, United s subsidiary bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ). The use of FHLB advances provides United with a low risk means of matching maturities of earning assets and interest-bearing funds to achieve a desired interest rate spread over the life of the earning assets. In addition, United uses credit with large regional banks and trust preferred securities to provide funding. As part of its interest rate risk management strategy, United may use derivative instruments to protect against adverse price or interest rate movements on the value of certain assets or liabilities and on future cash flows. These derivatives commonly consist of interest rate swaps, caps, floors, collars, futures, forward contracts, written and purchased options. Interest rate swaps obligate two parties to exchange one or more payments generally calculated with reference to a fixed or variable rate of interest applied to the notional amount. United accounts for its derivative activities in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Extension Risk A key feature of most mortgage loans is the ability of the borrower to repay principal earlier than scheduled. This is called a prepayment. Prepayments arise primarily due to sale of the underlying property, refinancing, or foreclosure. In general, declining interest rates tend to increase prepayments, and rising interest rates tend to slow prepayments. Like other fixed-income securities, when interest rates rise, the value of mortgage- related securities generally declines. The rate of prepayments on underlying mortgages will affect the price and volatility of mortgage-related securities and may shorten or extend the effective maturity of the security beyond what was anticipated at the time of purchase. If interest rates rise, United s holdings of mortgage-related securities may experience reduced returns if the borrowers of the underlying mortgages pay off their mortgages later than anticipated. This is generally referred to as extension risk. 
 65 

At December 31, 2022, United s mortgage related securities portfolio had an amortized cost of 2.1 billion, of which approximately 934.1 million or 44 were fixed rate collateralized mortgage obligations CMOs ). These fixed rate CMOs consisted primarily of planned amortization class PACs ), sequential-pay and accretion directed VADMs bonds having an average life of approximately 5.5 years and a weighted average yield of 2.12 , under current projected prepayment assumptions. These securities are expected to have moderate extension risk in a rising rate environment. Current models show that an immediate, sustained upward shock of 300 basis points, the average life of these securities would only extend to 6.5 years. The projected price decline of the fixed rate CMO portfolio in rates up 300 basis points would be 15 , or less than the price decline of a 7-year treasury note. By comparison, the price decline of a 30-year 5 coupon mortgage backed security MBS in rates higher by 300 basis points would be approximately 18.9 . United had approximately 600.6 million in fixed rate Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities (CMBS) with a projected yield of 2.02 and a projected average life of 4.7 years on December 31, 2022. This portfolio consisted primarily of Freddie Mac Multifamily K securities and Fannie Mae Delegated Underwriting and Servicing DUS securities with a weighted average maturity WAM of 8 years. United had approximately 27.8 million in 15-year mortgage backed securities with a projected yield of 2.02 and a projected average life of 4.8 years as of December 31, 2022. This portfolio consisted of seasoned 15-year mortgage paper with a weighted average loan age WALA of 3.3 years and a weighted average maturity WAM of 12 years. United had approximately 353.7 million in 20-year mortgage backed securities with a projected yield of 1.82 and a projected average life of 7.1 years on December 31, 2022. This portfolio consisted of seasoned 20-year mortgage paper with a weighted average loan age WALA of 1.8 years and a weighted average maturity WAM of 18.1 years. United had approximately 162.1 million in 30-year mortgage backed securities with a projected yield of 2.46 and a projected average life of 7.8 years on December 31, 2022. This portfolio consisted of seasoned 30-year mortgage paper with a weighted average loan age WALA of 2.7 years and a weighted average maturity WAM of 24.6 years. The remaining 2 of the mortgage related securities portfolio on December 31, 2022, included floating rate CMO, CMBS and mortgage backed securities. 
 66 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of United Bankshares, Inc. (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. Ernst Young LLP Ernst Young ), the independent registered public accounting firm who audited the Company s consolidated financial statements, has also issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Ernst Young s report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appears on the following page. 

/s/ Richard M. Adams, Jr. 

/s/ W. Mark Tatterson 
 
 Richard M. Adams, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

W. Mark Tatterson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 March 1, 2023 
 67 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of United Bankshares, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited United Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, United Bankshares, Inc . and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Charleston, West Virginia March 1, 2023 
 
 68 

Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of United Bankshares, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 69 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Description of the Matter 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 20.6 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the associated allowance for loan losses (ALL) for the loan portfolio was 235 million. As discussed in Notes A and F to the consolidated financial statements, the ALL is an estimate of the expected credit losses on loans at amortized cost to present the net amount expected to be collected as of the balance sheet date. The ALL is based on the credit losses expected to arise over the life of the asset. Management pools its loans based on similar risk characteristics and assigns an appropriate calculation method to estimate the expected credit losses. For loans that do not share risk characteristics, management evaluates the ALL on an individual basis based on the present value of expected future cash flows using the loan s effective interest rate, or as a practical expedient, the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. For loans not specifically reviewed on an individual basis, management measures the ALL using a probability of default/loss given default method or cohort method based on portfolio segment. Management also records qualitative adjustments to expected credit losses for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency level or term as well as reasonable and supportable forecast adjustments for changes in macroeconomic and environmental conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, gross domestic product or other relevant factors, that have not been fully captured in the allowance calculation. 

Auditing management s estimate used in determining the ALL for the loan portfolio involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s determination of the forecast selection used to derive the reasonable and supportable forecast qualitative adjustment. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s ALL process for the loan portfolio. Controls tested included, among others, those over the risk rating process, management s review and approval of the calculations used to determine the ALL, including the underlying data and data inputs and outputs of those calculations, and management s evaluation and review of the qualitative adjustments, including the reasonable and supportable forecast qualitative adjustment. 

To test the Company s reasonable and supportable forecast qualitative adjustment for the loan portfolio, we tested the underlying data used in the estimate calculation to determine it was accurate, complete and relevant. Further, we evaluated management s basis for the adjustment in relation to changes in economic conditions and forecasts. Our procedures included evaluating management s inputs and assumptions used in determining the qualitative adjustment by comparing the information to internal and external source data including, among others, the economic forecasts utilized by the Company and third-party economic outlook reports. We involved our internal modeling specialists in evaluating the model performance. In addition, we evaluated the overall ALL amount, inclusive of the qualitative adjustments, and whether the amount appropriately reflects losses expected in the loan portfolios as of the consolidated balance sheet date. For example, we evaluated the Company s analysis of their historical loss experience and peer losses to the Company s recorded ALL to test the ALL in totality. We also reviewed subsequent events and transactions and considered whether they corroborate or contradict the Company s conclusion. 

/s/ Ernst Young, LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1986. 
 
 Charleston, West Virginia 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 70 

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. 

 FORM 10-K

(Continued) 
 
 As of the date of filing this Annual report, neither the annual shareholders report for the year ended December 31, 2022, nor the proxy statement for the annual United shareholders meeting has been mailed to shareholders. 
 CROSS-REFERENCE INDEX 

Part I 

Page

Item 1.

BUSINESS 

4

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS 

19

Item 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

32

Item 2.

PROPERTIES 

32

Item 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

33

Item 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

33

Part II 

Item 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON STOCK, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

34

Item 6.

[RESERVED] 

36

Item 7.

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

36

Item 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

64

Item 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

69

Item 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

141

Item 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

141

Item 9B.

OTHER INFORMATION 

141

Item 9C.

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

141

Part III 

Item 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

142

Item 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

142

Item 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

142

Item 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

142

Item 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

143

Part IV 

Item 15.

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

144

Item 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

147 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in thousands, except par value)

December 31

December 31 

2022

2021 

Assets

Cash and due from banks

Interest-bearing deposits with other banks

Federal funds sold

Total cash and cash equivalents

Securities available for sale at estimated fair value (amortized cost- at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021)

Securities held to maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 (estimated fair value- at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021)

Equity securities at estimated fair value

Other investment securities

Loans held for sale measured using fair value option

Loans and leases

Less: Unearned income

() 

() 

Loans and leases, net of unearned income

Less: Allowance for loan and lease losses

() 

() 

Net loans and leases

Bank premises and equipment

Operating lease right-of-use

 assets

Goodwill

Mortgage servicing rights, net of valuation allowance of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021

Bank-owned life insurance BOLI 

Accrued interest receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021

Other assets

TOTAL ASSETS

Liabilities

Deposits:

Noninterest-bearing

Interest-bearing

Total deposits

Borrowings:

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB borrowings

Other long-term borrowings

Reserve for lending-related commitments

Operating lease liabilities

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

TOTAL LIABILITIES

Shareholders Equity

Preferred stock, par value; Authorized- 
 shares, ne issued

Common stock, par value; Authorized- 
 shares; issued- 
 and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, including and shares in treasury at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively

Surplus

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

() 

() 
 
 Treasury stock, at cost

() 

() 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

See notes to consolidated unaudited financial statements. 

71 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

2020

Interest income

Interest and fees on loans and leases

Interest on federal funds sold and other short-term investments

Interest and dividends on securities:

Taxable

Tax-exempt

Total interest income

Interest expense

Interest on deposits

Interest on short-term borrowings

Interest on long-term borrowings

Total interest expense

Net interest income

Provision for credit losses

() 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses

Other income

Fees from trust services

Fees from brokerage services

Fees from deposit services

Bankcard fees and merchant discounts

Other service charges, commissions, and fees

Income from bank-owned life insurance

Income from mortgage banking activities

Mortgage loan servicing income

Net gain on the sale of bank premises

Net investment securities gains

Other income

Total other income

Other expense

Employee compensation

Employee benefits

Net occupancy expense

Other real estate owned OREO expense

Net losses on the sales of OREO properties

Equipment expense

Data processing expense

Mortgage loan servicing expense and impairment

Bankcard processing expense

FDIC insurance expense

FHLB prepayment penalties

Other expense

Total other expense

Income before income taxes

Income taxes

Net income

72 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

2020

Earnings per common share:

Basic

Diluted

Dividends per common share

Average outstanding shares:

Basic

Diluted

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

73 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in thousands)

Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

2020

Net income

Change in net unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale

 AFS securities, net of tax

) 

() 

Change in net unrealized gain on cash flow hedge, net of tax

Change in defined benefit pension plan, net of tax

) 

Comprehensive income, net of tax

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

74 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Accumulated

Common Stock

Other

Total

Par

Retained

Comprehensive

Treasury

Shareholders 

Shares

Value

Surplus

Earnings

(Loss) Income

Stock

Equity

Balance at January 1, 2020

() 

() 

Cumulative effect of adopting Accounting Standard Update 2016-13

0 

() 

() 
 
 Comprehensive income:

Net income

0 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax

0 

Total comprehensive income, net of tax

Stock based compensation expense

0 

Acquisition of Carolina Financial Corporation shares)

Purchase of treasury stock shares)

0 

() 

() 
 
 Distribution of treasury stock for deferred compensation plan shares)

0 

Cash dividends per share)

0 

() 

() 
 
 Stock grant forfeiture shares)

() 

Net issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans shares)

Balance at December 31, 2020

() 

Comprehensive income:

Net income

0 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

0 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income, net of tax

Stock based compensation expense

0 

Acquisition of Community Bankers Trust Corporation shares)

Purchase of treasury stock shares)

0 

() 

() 
 
 Cash dividends per share)

0 

() 

() 
 
 Stock grant forfeiture shares)

() 

Net issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans shares)

Balance at December 31, 2021

() 

() 

Comprehensive income:

Net income

0 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

0 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income, net of tax

Stock based compensation expense

0 

Stock grant forfeiture shares)

() 

Purchase of treasury stock shares)

0 

() 

() 
 
 Cash dividends per share)

0 

() 

() 
 
 Net issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans shares)

Balance at December 31, 2022

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

75 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(Dollars in thousands)

Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

2020

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Provision for credit losses

() 

Amortization and accretion

() 

() 
 
 Loss on sales of bank premises, OREO, leases and equipment

Write-downs on bank premises, OREO, leases and equipment

Depreciation

Gain on securities

() 

() 

() 
 
 Loans originated for sale

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sales of loans

Gain on sales of loans

() 

() 

() 
 
 Mortgage repurchase loan losses paid, net of recoveries

() 

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation

Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation arrangements

Deferred income tax expense (benefit)

() 
 
 Amortization of tax credit investments

Originations of mortgage servicing rights

() 

() 

() 
 
 Impairment of mortgage servicing rights

Recoveries of impairment on mortgage servicing rights

() 

() 

Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance policies

() 

() 

() 
 
 Contribution to pension plan

() 
 
 Amortization of net periodic pension costs

() 

Changes in:

Interest receivable

() 

Other assets

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

() 

() 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from maturities and calls of held to maturity securities

Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale

Proceeds from maturities and calls of securities available for sale

Purchases of securities available for sale

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sales of equity securities

Purchases of equity securities

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sales and redemptions of other investment securities

Purchases of other investment securities

() 

() 

() 
 
 Purchases of bank-owned life insurance policies

() 

Redemption of bank-owned life insurance policies

Purchases of bank premises and equipment

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sales of bank premises and equipment

Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash paid

Proceeds from sales of OREO properties

Net change in loans and leases

() 

() 

NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Cash dividends paid

() 

() 

() 
 
 Acquisition of treasury stock

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options

Distribution of treasury stock from deferred compensation plan

Repayment of long-term Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings

Changes in:

Time deposits

() 

() 

Other deposits

() 

Federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other short-term borrowings

() 

() 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES

(DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR

76 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(Dollars in thousands)

Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

2020

Supplemental information

Cash paid for:

Interest on deposits and borrowed funds

Income taxes

Noncash investing activities:

Transfers of loans to OREO

Acquisition of subsidiaries and purchase price adjustments:

Assets acquired, net of cash

() 

Liabilities assumed

Goodwill

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

77 

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 December 31, 2022 
 largest West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Areas MSA ): the Parkersburg MSA, the Charleston MSA, the Huntington MSA, the Morgantown MSA and the Wheeling MSA. United serves the Ohio counties of Lawrence, Belmont, Jefferson and the Pennsylvania counties of Washington and Fayette, primarily because of their close proximity to the Ohio and Pennsylvania borders and United banking offices located in those counties in nearby West Virginia. United s Virginia markets include the Maryland, northern Virginia and Washington, D.C. MSA, the Winchester MSA, the Harrisonburg MSA, and the Charlottesville MSA. Through its acquisition of Carolina Financial, United s market also includes the Coastal, Midlands, and Upstate regions of South Carolina, including the Charleston (Charleston, Dorchester and Berkeley Counties), Myrtle Beach (Horry and Georgetown Counties), Columbia (Richland and Lexington Counties), and the Upstate (Greenville and Spartanburg Counties) areas as well as areas in North Carolina including Wilmington (New Hanover County), Raleigh-Durham (Durham and Wake Counties), Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia (NC and SC) and the southeastern coastal region of North Carolina (Bladen, Brunswick, Columbus, Cumberland, Duplin and Robeson Counties). Through its acquisition of Community Bankers Trust, United added new markets in Baltimore and Annapolis, Maryland and Lynchburg and Richmond, Virginia as well as the Northern Neck of Virginia. United considers all of the above locations to be the primary market areas for the business of its banking and mortgage banking subsidiaries. 

,000 was reclassed from noninterest-bearing deposits to interest-bearing deposits on United s Consolidated Balance Sheets for the period ended December 31, 2021 due to the nature of the underlying deposit accounts and a misclassification in the previous presentation. This reclassification did not impact any other amounts reported or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and results of operations have been made. 

,000 and ,000, respectively, on its HTM debt securities portfolio. 

t the result of credit losses, and therefore, an allowance for credit losses was not recorded. United has the intent and the ability to hold these securities until such time as the value recovers or the securities mature. 

,000, ,000, and ,000, for the years of 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The accrual of interest income on commercial and most consumer loans generally is discontinued when a loan becomes to days past due as to principal or interest. When interest accruals are discontinued, unpaid interest recognized in income in the current year is reversed, and interest accrued in prior years is charged to the allowance for loan losses. Management may elect to continue the accrual of interest when the estimated net realizable value of collateral exceeds the principal balance and accrued interest, and the loan is in the process of collection. 
 . 
 days past due as of December 31, 2019. This program allowed for a deferral of payments from the period beginning March 1, 2020 until . As provided for under the CARES Act, these loan modifications were exempt by law from classification as a TDR as defined by GAAP. 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses:

The allowance for loan losses is an estimate of the expected credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost to present the net amount expected to be collected as of the balance sheet date. Such allowance is based on the credit losses expected to arise over the life of the asset (contractual term). Assets are charged off when United determines that such financial assets are deemed uncollectible or based on regulatory requirements, whichever is earlier. Charge-offs are recognized as a deduction from the allowance for loan losses. Expected recoveries of amounts previously charged-off,
 not to exceed the aggregate of the amount previously charged-off,
 are included in determining the necessary reserve at the balance sheet date. 
 United made a policy election to present the accrued interest receivable balance separately in its consolidated balance sheets from the amortized cost of a loan. United estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency level or term as well as reasonable and supportable forecast adjustments for changes in environmental conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, property values or other relevant factors. A reversion to historical loss data occurs via a straight-line method during the year following the one-year
 reasonable and supportable forecast period. 

years for furniture, fixtures and equipment and five to years for buildings and improvements. Leasehold improvements are generally amortized over the lesser of the term of the respective leases or the estimated useful lives of the improvements. 
 ,000 and ,000 ,
 respectively. OREO consists of real estate acquired in foreclosure or other settlement of loans. Such assets are carried at the lower of the investment in the assets or the fair value of the assets less estimated selling costs. Any adjustment to the fair value at the date of transfer is charged against the 

,000 
 and 
 ,000 

period. Management reviews intangible assets on an annual basis, or sooner if indicators of impairment exist, and evaluates changes in facts and circumstances that may indicate impairment in the carrying value. United incurred amortization expense of ,000 ,
 ,000 ,
 and ,000, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to all intangible assets. 
 , 000

 and ,000
, respectively. 
 
 t record an allowance for credit losses for accrued interest receivables not expected to be collected as of December 31, 2022 as compared to an allowance for credit losses of ,000 as of December 31, 2021 

,000, ,000, and ,000, for the years of 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

,000 in 2022, ,000 in 2021, and ,000 in 2020. 

, , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were excluded from the earnings per diluted common share calculation. 

Undistributed earnings allocated to common stock

Net earnings allocated to common shareholders

Average common shares outstanding

Dilutive effect of stock compensation

Average diluted shares outstanding

Earnings per basic common share

Earnings per diluted common share

89

Table of Contents 

shares of United common stock, par value per share. Also, pursuant to the Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding Community Bankers Trust stock option granted under a Community Bankers Trust stock plan, whether vested or unvested as of the date of the Merger, vested as provided pursuant to the terms of such Community Bankers Trust stock plan and converted into an option to acquire United common stock adjusted based on the exchange ratio. Also, at the effective time of the Merger, each restricted stock unit granted under a Community Bankers Trust stock plan that was outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger vested in accordance with the formula and other terms of the Community Bankers Trust stock plan and converted into the right to receive shares of United common stock based on the exchange ratio. 
 Immediately following the Merger, Essex Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Community Bankers Trust, merged with and into United Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of United (the Bank Merger pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 2, 2021. United Bank survived the Bank Merger and continues to exist as a Virginia banking corporation. 
 The Merger was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The results of operations of Community Bankers Trust are included in the consolidated results of operations from the Acquisition Date. The acquisition of Community Bankers Trust enhanced United s existing presence in the DC Metro MSA and took United into new markets including Baltimore, Annapolis, Lynchburg, Richmond, and the Northern Neck of Virginia. It also strategically connected our Mid-Atlantic
 and Southeast footprints. As of the Acquisition Date, Community Bankers Trust had in total assets, in loans and leases, net of unearned income and in deposits. For the year of 2022, United recorded acquisition-related costs for the Community Bankers Trust merger of as compared to acquisition-related costs of , including a provision for credit losses of for non-PCD
 loans, for the year of 2021. 
 The aggregate purchase price was approximately , including common stock valued at ,000, stock options assumed valued at , and cash paid for fractional shares of . The number of shares issued in the transaction was , which were valued based on the closing market price of for United s common shares on December 3, 2021. The purchase price was allocated to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets resulting in additions to goodwill, and core deposit intangibles of and , respectively. The goodwill recognized results from the expected synergies and potential earnings from the combination of United and Community Bankers Trust. The core deposit intangible is expected to be amortized on an accelerated basis over ten years. 
 Because the consideration paid was greater than the net fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities, the Company recorded goodwill as part of the acquisition. None of the goodwill from the Community Bankers Trust acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. United used an independent third party to help determine the fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired from Community Bankers Trust. As a result of the merger, United recorded fair value discounts of on the loans and leases acquired, on land acquired, on OREO properties acquired and on a trust preferred issuance, and premiums of on investment securities acquired, on buildings acquired, on interest-bearing deposits, and on long-term FHLB advances, respectively. United also recorded an allowance for credit losses, including a reserve for unfunded commitments, of on the loans and commitments acquired split between for purchased credit deteriorated PCD loans which is part of the acquisition date fair value, for non-PCD
 loans recorded to the provision for credit losses and for commitments acquired on non-PCD
 loans recorded in other expense. The discounts and premium amounts, except for discount on the land, OREO and FHLB advances acquired, are being accreted or amortized on an accelerated or straight-line basis, based on the type of asset or liability, over each asset s or liability s estimated remaining life at the time of acquisition. The FHLB advances acquired were subsequently repaid prior to year-end. At December 31, 2022, the discount on the trust preferred issuance had an estimated remaining life of years and the premiums on the buildings, and interest-bearing deposits each had an average estimated remaining life of years, and years, respectively. 

at Acquisition Date. This discount will be recognized through interest income on a level-yield method over the life of the loans which is estimated to be a weighted-average of years. For non-PCD
 acquired loans and leases, the differences between the initial fair value and the UPB, or par value, are recognized as interest income on a level-yield basis over the lives of the related loans and leases which is estimated to be a weighted-average of years. The total fair value mark on the non-PCD
 loans and leases at the Acquisition Date was . At the Acquisition Date, an initial allowance for expected credit losses of was recorded with a corresponding charge to the provision for credit losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Subsequent changes in the allowance for credit losses related to PCD and non-PCD
 loans and leases are recognized in the provision for credit losses. 

Allowance for credit losses at acquisition

Non-credit
 discount at acquisition

Par value (UPB) of acquired PCD loans and leases at acquisition

The consideration paid for Community Bankers Trust s common equity and the amounts of acquired identifiable assets and liabilities assumed as of the Community Bankers Trust Acquisition Date were as follows:

(Dollars in thousands)

Purchase price:

Value of common shares issued (7,135,771 shares)

Fair value of stock options assumed

Cash for fractional shares

Total purchase price

Identifiable assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Investment securities

Net loans and leases

Premises and equipment

Operating lease right-of-use

 asset

Core deposit intangible

Other assets

Total identifiable assets

Identifiable liabilities:

Deposits

Short-term borrowings

Long-term borrowings

Operating lease liability

Other liabilities

Total identifiable liabilities

Fair value of net assets acquired including identifiable intangible assets

Resulting goodwill

91

Table of Contents 

State and political subdivisions

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Non-agency

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Asset-backed securities

Single issue trust preferred securities

Other corporate securities

Total

December 31, 2021

Gross

Gross

Allowance

Estimated

(Dollars in thousands)

Amortized

Unrealized

Unrealized

For Credit

Fair

Cost

Gains

Losses

Losses

Value

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. Government corporations and agencies

State and political subdivisions

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Non-agency

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Asset-backed securities

Single issue trust preferred securities

Other corporate securities

Total

For the adoption of ASC Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, United made a policy election to exclude accrued interest from the amortized cost basis of available-for-sale

 debt securities and report accrued interest separately in Accrued interest receivable in the consolidated balance sheets. Available-for-sale

 debt securities are placed on non-accrual status when we no longer expect to receive all contractual amounts due, which is generally at 90 days past due. Accrued interest receivable is reversed against interest income when a security is placed on non-accrual
 status. Accordingly, United does not currently recognize an allowance for credit loss against accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale

 debt securities. The table above excludes accrued interest receivable of ,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, that is recorded in Accrued interest receivable. 

State and political subdivisions

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Non-agency

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Asset-backed securities

Single issue trust preferred securities

Other corporate securities

Total

Less than 12 months

12 months or longer

Total

Fair

Unrealized 

Fair

Unrealized 

Fair

Unrealized 

(Dollars in thousands)

Value 

Losses

Value 

Losses

Value 

Losses

December 31, 2021

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. Government corporations and agencies

State and political subdivisions

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Non-agency

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Asset-backed securities

Single issue trust preferred securities

Other corporate securities

Total

The following table shows the proceeds from maturities, sales and calls of available for sale securities and the gross realized gains and losses on sales and calls of those securities that have been included in earnings as a result of any sales and calls. Gains or losses on sales and calls of available for sale securities were recognized by the specific identification method. 

Gross realized gains

Gross realized losses

At December 31, 2022, gross unrealized losses on available for sale securities were ,000 on securities of a total portfolio of available for sale securities. Securities with the most significant gross unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed securities, state and political subdivision securities, agency commercial mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and other corporate securities. 
 In determining whether or not a security is impaired, management considered the severity of the loss in conjunction with United s positive intent and the more likely than not ability to hold these securities to recovery of their cost basis or maturity. 

,000 at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, approximately of the portfolio was supported by the general obligation of the issuing municipality, which allows for the securities to be repaid by any means available to the municipality. The majority of the portfolio was rated AA or higher, and no securities within the portfolio were rated below investment grade as of December 31, 2022. In addition to monitoring the credit ratings of these securities, management also evaluates the financial performance of the underlying issuers on an ongoing basis. Based upon management s analysis and judgment, it was determined that none of the state and political subdivision securities had credit losses at December 31, 2022. 
 Mortgage-backed securities 

The fair value of mortgage-backed
 securities is affected by changes in interest rates and prepayment speeds. When interest rates decline, prepayment speeds generally accelerate due to homeowners refinancing their mortgages at lower interest rates. This may result in the proceeds being reinvested at lower interest rates. Rising interest rates may decrease the assumed prepayment speed. Slower prepayment speeds may extend the maturity of the security beyond its estimated maturity. Therefore, investors may not be able to invest at current higher market rates due to the extended expected maturity of the security. United had a net unrealized loss of ,000 at December 31, 2022 and a net unrealized loss of ,000 at December 31, 2021 on all mortgage-backed
 securities. Below is a detailed discussion of mortgage-backed securities by type. 
 United s agency mortgage-backed securities portfolio relates to securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. The total amortized cost of available for sale agency mortgage-backed securities was ,000 at December 31, 2022. Of the ,000 amount, ,000 was related to agency commercial mortgage-backed securities and ,000 was related to agency residential mortgage-backed securities. Each of the agency mortgage-backed securities provides a guarantee of full and timely payments of principal and interest by the issuing agency. Based upon management s analysis and judgment, it was determined that none of the agency mortgage-backed securities had credit losses at December 31, 2022. 
 United s non-agency
 residential mortgage-backed securities portfolio relates to securities of various private label issuers. The total amortized cost of available for sale non-agency
 residential mortgage-backed securities was ,000 at December 31, 2022. Of the ,000, was rated AAA. Based upon management s analysis and judgment, it was determined that ne of the non-agency
 residential mortgage-backed securities had credit losses at December 31, 2022. 
 Asset-backed securities 

As of December 31, 2022, United s asset-backed securities portfolio had a total amortized cost balance of ,000. of the portfolio was investment grade rated as of December 31, 2022. Approximately of the portfolio relates to securities that are backed by Federal Family Education Loan Program FFELP student loan collateral which includes a minimum of a government repayment guaranty, as well as additional credit support and subordination in excess of the government guaranteed portion. Approximately of the portfolio relates to collateralized loan obligation securities that are all AAA rated. Upon reviewing this portfolio as of December 31, 2022, it was determined that ne of the asset-backed securities had credit losses. 
 Single issue trust preferred securities 

The majority of United s single issue trust preferred portfolio consists of obligations from large cap banks (i.e. banks with market capitalization in excess of billion). All single issue trust preferred securities are currently receiving interest payments. The amortized cost of available for sale single issue trust preferred securities as of December 31, 2022 consisted of ,000 in investment grade bonds, ,000 in split rated bonds, and ,000 in unrated bonds. Management reviews each issuer s current and projected earnings trends, asset quality, capitalization levels, and other key factors. Upon completing the review for the fourth quarter of 2022, it was determined that none of the single issue trust preferred securities had credit losses. 

,000. The majority of the portfolio consisted of debt issuances of corporations representing a variety of industries, including financial institutions. Of the ,000, had at least one rating above investment grade, were below investment grade rated, and was unrated. For corporate securities, management has evaluated the near-term prospects of the investment in relation to the severity of any unrealized loss. Based upon management s analysis and judgment, it was determined that none of the corporate securities had credit losses at December 31, 2022. 
 The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities available for sale at December 31, 2022 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because the issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without penalties. 
 ,000 and an estimated fair value of ,000 at December 31, 2022 are included below based upon contractual maturity. 

Estimated 

(In thousands)

Amortized 

Fair

Cost

Value

Due in one year or less

Due after one year through five years

Due after five years through ten years

Due after ten years

Total

Equity securities at fair value 

 ,000 at December 31, 2022 and ,000 at December 31, 2021. 

Year Ended 

(In thousands)

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net gains recognized during the period on equity securities sold

Unrealized gains recognized during the period on equity securities still held at period end

Unrealized losses recognized during the period on equity securities still held at period end

() 

() 

Net gains recognized during the period

) 

Other investment securities 

 During the fourth quarter of 2022, United evaluated all of its cost method investments to determine if certain events or changes in circumstances during the fourth quarter of 2022 had a significant adverse effect on the recorded value of any of its cost method securities. United determined that there was no individual security that experienced an adverse event during the fourth quarter. There were no other events or changes in circumstances during the fourth quarter which would have an adverse effect on the recorded fair value of its cost method securities. 
 The carrying value of securities pledged to secure public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and for other purposes as required or permitted by law, approximated ,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

Nonowner-occupied commercial real estate

Other commercial

Total commercial, financial agricultural

Residential real estate

Construction land development Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Less: Unearned income

() 

() 

Total gross loans

The table above does not include loans held for sale of ,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Loans held for sale consist of single-family residential real estate loans originated for sale in the secondary market. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans-in-process

 of ,000
 and ,000
 and overdrafts from deposit accounts of ,000
 and ,000, respectively, are included within the appropriate loan classifications above. The outstanding loan balances in the table above also include unamortized net discounts of ,000
 and ,000
 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 ,000
 and ,000
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, ,000 of new loans were made and repayments totaled ,000
. 

to days past due as to principal or interest. However, regardless of delinquency status, if a loan is fully secured and in the process of collection and resolution of collection is expected in the near term (generally less than days), then the loan will not be placed on nonaccrual status. When interest accruals are discontinued, unpaid interest recognized in income in the current year is reversed, and unpaid interest accrued in prior years is charged to the allowance for credit losses. United s method of income recognition for loans and leases that are classified as nonaccrual is to recognize interest income on a cash basis or apply the cash receipt to principal when the ultimate collectibility of principal is in doubt. Nonaccrual loans and leases will not normally be returned to accrual status unless all past due principal and interest has been paid and the borrower has evidenced their ability to meet the contractual provisions of the note. Generally, a loan is categorized as a TDR if a concession is granted and there is deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower. The portfolio of TDR loans is monitored monthly. 
 In response to the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and its economic impact on our customers, United implemented a short-term modification program that complied with the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act to provide temporary payment relief, primarily deferral of payments, to those borrowers directly impacted by COVID-19
 who were not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019. 

As of December 31, 2022, United no longer has any eligible loan modifications in deferral under section 4013, Temporary Relief from Troubled Debt Restructurings, of the CARES Act as compared to eligible loan modifications in deferral on ,000
 of loans outstanding at December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, United had TDRs of ,000
. Of the ,000
 aggregate balance of TDRs at December 31, 2022, ,000
 was on nonaccrual, ,000
 was days or more days past due and was 
 days past due. As of December 31, 2021, United had TDRs of ,000
. Of the ,000
 aggregate balance of TDRs at December 31, 2021, ,000
 was on nonaccrual and was days or more days past due. All these amounts are included in the appropriate categories in the Age Analysis of Past Due Loans table on a subsequent page. As of December 31, 2022, there was a commitment to lend additional funds of to a debtor owing a receivable whose terms have been modified in a TDR. During the year of 2022, advances of were made to this debtor under a loan that had been previously modified. 

Interest rate reduction and change in terms

Forgiveness of principal

Concession of principal and term

Extended maturity

Transfer of asset

Change in terms

Total

Nonowner-occupied

Other commercial

Residential real estate

Construction land development

Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Total

Interest rate reduction and change in terms

Forgiveness of principal

Transfer of asset

Extended maturity

Change in terms

Total

The loans and leases were evaluated individually for allocation within United s allowance for loan losses. The modifications had an immaterial impact on the financial condition and results of operations for United. 

Nonowner-occupied

Other commercial

Residential real estate

Construction land development

Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Total

Nonowner-occupied

Other commercial

Residential real estate

Construction land development

Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Total

Nonowner-occupied

Other commercial

Residential real estate

Construction land development

Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Total

Nonowner-occupied

Other Commercial

Residential Real Estate

Construction

Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Total

Interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans was insignificant during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 adjusted for selling costs. The following table presents the amortized cost basis of collateral-dependent loans and leases in which repayment is expected to be derived substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral and where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, by class of loans and leases as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Nonowner-occupied

Other commercial

Residential real estate

Construction land development

Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Total

Nonowner-occupied

Other commercial

Residential real estate

Construction land development

Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Total

United categorizes loans and leases into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, underlying collateral (if any), public information and current economic trends, among other factors. 
 United uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 
 For loans with a consumer credit exposure, United internally assigns a grade based upon an individual loan s delinquency status. United reviews and updates, as necessary, these grades on a quarterly basis. 
 Special mention loans, with a corporate credit exposure, have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loans or in the Company s credit position at some future date. Borrowers may be experiencing adverse operating trends (declining revenues or margins) or an ill proportioned balance sheet (e.g., increasing inventory without an increase in sales, high leverage, tight liquidity). Adverse economic or market conditions, such as interest rate increases or the entry of a new competitor, may also support a special mention rating. Nonfinancial reasons for rating a credit exposure special mention include management problems, pending litigation, an ineffective loan agreement or other material structural weakness, and any other significant deviation from prudent lending practices. For loans with a consumer credit exposure, loans that are past due 
 days are generally considered special mention. 
 A substandard loan with a corporate credit exposure is inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt by the borrower. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. They require more intensive supervision by management. Substandard loans are generally characterized by current or expected unprofitable operations, inadequate debt service coverage, inadequate liquidity, or marginal capitalization. Repayment may depend on collateral or other credit risk mitigants. For some substandard loans, the likelihood of full collection of interest and principal may be in doubt and thus, placed on nonaccrual. For loans with a consumer credit exposure, loans that are days or more past due or that have been placed on nonaccrual are considered substandard. 
 A loan with corporate credit exposure is classified as doubtful if it has all the weaknesses inherent in one classified as substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable. A doubtful loan has a high probability of total or substantial loss, but 

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

Current-period charge-offs

() 

() 
 
 Current-period recoveries

Current-period net recoveries

Revolving

(In thousands)

Term Loans

 Origination Year

Revolving loans

 amortized cost

loans and leases

 converted to

As of December 31, 2021

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

YTD charge-offs

() 

() 

() 
 
 YTD recoveries

YTD net (charge-offs) recoveries

() 

Commercial Real Estate Nonowner-occupied

Revolving

Term Loans

 Origination Year

Revolving loans

loans

(In thousands)

amortized cost

converted to 

As of December 31, 2022

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

Current-period charge-offs

Current-period recoveries

Current-period net recoveries

Revolving

Term Loans

 Origination Year

Revolving loans

loans and leases

(In thousands)

amortized cost

converted to

As of December 31, 2021

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

YTD charge-offs

() 

() 
 
 YTD recoveries

YTD net charge-offs

() 

() 

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

Current-period charge-offs

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Current-period recoveries

Current-period net (charge- offs) recoveries

() 

() 

() 

() 

Revolving loans

Revolving

Term Loans and leases

 Origination Year

and leases

loans and leases

(In thousands)

amortized cost

converted to

As of December 31, 2021

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

YTD charge-offs

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 YTD recoveries

YTD net charge-offs

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Residential Real Estate

Revolving

Term Loans

 Origination Year

Revolving loans

loans

(In thousands)

amortized cost

converted to 

As of December 31, 2022

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

Current-period charge-offs

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Current-period recoveries

Current-period net (charge- offs) recoveries

() 

() 

() 

Revolving

Term Loans

 Origination Year

Revolving loans

loans

(In thousands)

amortized cost

converted to 

As of December 31, 2021

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

YTD charge-offs

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 YTD recoveries

YTD net charge-offs

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

Current-period charge-offs

() 

() 
 
 Current-period recoveries

Current-period net recoveries

Revolving

Term Loans

 Origination Year

Revolving loans

loans

(In thousands)

amortized cost

converted to

As of December 31, 2021

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

YTD charge-offs

() 

() 

() 
 
 YTD recoveries

YTD net (charge-offs) recoveries

() 

Bankcard

Revolving

Term Loans

 Origination Year

Revolving loans

loans

(In thousands)

amortized cost

converted to

As of December 31, 2022

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

Current-period charge-offs

() 

() 
 
 Current-period recoveries

Current-period net charge-offs

() 

() 

Revolving

Term Loans

 Origination Year

Revolving loans

loans

(In thousands)

amortized cost

converted to

As of December 31, 2021

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

YTD charge-offs

() 

() 
 
 YTD recoveries

YTD net charge-offs

() 

() 

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

Current-period charge-offs

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Current-period recoveries

Current-period net (charge- offs) recoveries

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Revolving

(In thousands)

Term Loans

 Origination Year

Revolving loans

 amortized cost

loans

 converted to

As of December 31, 2021

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

Prior

basis

term loans

Total

Internal Risk Grade:

Pass

Special Mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Total

YTD charge-offs

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 YTD recoveries

YTD net charge-offs

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

,000 allowance for credit losses) and ,000 (net of an allowance for credit losses of ,000) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to loans and leases are included separately in Accrued interest receivable in the consolidated balance sheets. Due to loan interest payment deferrals granted by United under the CARES Act, United assessed the collectability of the accrued interest receivables on these deferring loans and leases. As a result of this assessment, United did not record an allowance for credit losses for accrued interest receivables not expected to be collected as of December 31, 2022 as compared to an allowance for credit losses of ,000 as of December 31, 2021. For all classes of loans and leases receivable, the accrual of interest is discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become days past due, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. Interest received on nonaccrual loans and leases, generally is either applied against principal or reported as interest income, according to management s judgment as to the collectability of principal. 

Nonowner-occupied

Other Commercial

Construction

Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Less: Allowance for credit losses

() 

Total

Nonowner-occupied

Other Commercial

Residential Real Estate

Construction

Consumer:

Bankcard

Other consumer

Total

United maintains an allowance for loan losses and a reserve for lending-related commitments such as unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. For a detailed discussion of the methodology used to estimate the reserve for lending-related commitments, see Note A, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The reserve for lending-related commitments of ,000 and ,000 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, is separately classified on the balance sheet and is included in other liabilities. The combined allowance for loan losses and reserve for lending-related commitments is considered the allowance for credit losses. 
 United continuously evaluates any risks which may impact its loan and lease portfolios. Reserves are initially determined based on losses identified from the PD/LGD and Cohort models which utilize the Company s historical information. Then any qualitative adjustments are applied to account for the Company s view of the future and other factors. If current conditions underlying any qualitative adjustment factor were deemed to be materially different than historical conditions, then an adjustment was made for that factor. 
 United s allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31, 2022 increased 
 or from December 31, 2021. The overall increase in the allowance was driven primarily by increases in outstanding loan balances as well as lower forecasted Gross Domestic Product GDP and a higher forecasted unemployment rate within the reasonable and supportable forecast. This increase was offset slightly due to improvement in historical loss rates and a decrease in allocations established for individually assessed loans. 
 The year of 2022 qualitative adjustments include analyses of the following: 

Current conditions
 United considered the impact of inflation, rising interest rates, increased oil and gas prices and the potential impact of the geopolitical situation when making determinations related to factor adjustments, such as changes in economic and business conditions; collateral values for dependent loans; past due, nonaccrual and adversely classified loans and leases; concentrations of credit and external factors. 

Charge-offs

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Recoveries

Provision

) 

) 

Ending balance

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Carrying Amount of Loans and Leases

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021

(In thousands)

Commercial Real Estate

Other Commercial

Residential Real Estate

Construction Land Development

Bankcard

Total

Owner- occupied

Nonowner- occupied

Other Consumer

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses:

Beginning balance

Allowance for PCD loans (acquired during the period)

Charge-offs

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Recoveries

Provision

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Ending balance

Cumulative effect adjustment for CECL

Initial allowance for acquired PCD loans

Gross charge-offs

() 

() 

() 
 
 Recoveries

Net charge-offs

() 

() 

() 
 
 Provision for loan and lease losses

() 

Reserve for lending-related commitments

Balance of allowance for credit losses at end of period

Buildings and improvements

Leasehold improvements

Furniture, fixtures and equipment

Less allowance for depreciation and amortization

() 

() 

Net bank premises and equipment

Depreciation expense was , , and for years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, while amortization expense was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 to years, some of which include options to extend leases generally for periods of years. United rents or subleases certain real estate to third parties. Our sublease portfolio generally consists of operating leases to other organizations for former branch offices. 
 ROU assets represent United s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent United s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of United s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease terms may include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that United will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Sublease income

Net occupancy expense 

() 

() 

Net lease cost

Operating lease liabilities

Operating lease liabilities 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate:

Operating leases

ROU assets obtained in the exchange for lease liabilities

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less: imputed interest

() 

Total

Non-amortized
 intangible assets:

George Mason trade name

Crescent trade name

Total

Goodwill not subject to amortization

Non-amortized
 intangible assets:

George Mason trade name

Crescent trade name

Total

Goodwill not subject to amortization

Addition to goodwill from Community Bankers Trust acquisition

Goodwill at December 31, 2022

The addition during the year of 2022 to goodwill from the Community Bankers Trust acquisition was due mainly to a measurement period adjustment to establish a reserve for income tax contingencies that existed at the time of the acquisition. 

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028 and thereafter

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The estimated fair value of the mortgage servicing rights was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The estimated fair value of servicing rights at December 31, 2022 was determined using a net servicing fee of , average discount rates ranging from to with a weighted average discount rate of , average constant prepayment rates CPR ranging from to with a weighted average prepayment rate of , depending upon the stratification of the specific servicing right, and a delinquency rate, including loans on forbearance of . The estimated fair value of servicing rights at December 31, 2021 was determined using a net servicing fee of , average discount rates ranging from to with a weighted average discount rate of 

, CPR ranging from to with a weighted average prepayment rate of , depending upon the stratification of the specific servicing right, and a delinquency rate, including loans on forbearance of . Please refer to Note W in these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information concerning the fair value of MSRs. 

Amount capitalized

Amount amortized

() 

() 

MSRs ending balance

MSRs valuation allowance beginning balance

() 

() 
 
 Aggregate additions charged and recoveries credited to operations

MSRs impairment

() 

MSRs valuation allowance ending balance

() 

MSRs, net of valuation allowance

In determining impairment, the Company aggregates all servicing rights and stratifies them into tranches based on predominant risk characteristics. The estimated amortization expense is based on current information regarding future loan payments and prepayments. Amortization expense could change in future periods based on changes in the volume of prepayments and economic factors.

(1)

Interest-bearing transaction accounts

(1)

Regular savings

Interest-bearing money market accounts

Time deposits under 100,000

Time deposits over 100,000

Total deposits

(1) 
 For December 31, 2021, was reclassed from noninterest-bearing accounts to interest-bearing transaction accounts. 
 Included in time deposits over 100,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were time deposits of 250,000 or more of and , respectively. Interest paid on deposits approximated , , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 United s subsidiary banks have received deposits, in the normal course of business, from the directors and officers of United and its subsidiaries, and their associates. Such related party deposits were accepted on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and maturities, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated persons. The aggregate dollar amount of these deposits was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

Total short-term borrowings

Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase have not been a significant source of funds for the company. United has various unused lines of credit available from certain of its correspondent banks in the aggregate amount of . These lines of credit, which bear interest at prevailing market rates, permit United to borrow funds in the overnight market, and are renewable annually subject to certain conditions. 
 At December 31, 2022, all the repurchase agreements were in overnight accounts. The rates offered on these funds vary according to movements in the federal funds and short-term
 investment market rates. 
 United has a line of credit with an unrelated financial institution to provide for general liquidity needs. The line is an unsecured, revolving line of credit. The line is renewable on a day basis and carries an indexed, floating-rate of interest. The line requires compliance with various financial and nonfinancial covenants. At December 31, 2022, United had outstanding balance under this credit. 
 Interest paid on short-term borrowings approximated , , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 . United had an unused borrowing amount as of December 31, 2022 of approximately available subject to delivery of collateral after certain trigger points. 
 Advances may be called by the FHLB or redeemed by United based on predefined factors and penalties. 

No overnight funds were included in the ,000 and ,000 above at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, FHLB advances of mature in 2023 while mature in 2025. The weighted-average effective rate considers the effect of any interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges outstanding at year-end
 2022 and 2021 to manage interest rate risk on its long-term debt. Additional information is provided in Note S, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 At December 31, 2022, United had a total of twenty statutory business trusts that were formed for the purpose of issuing or participating in pools of trust preferred capital securities Capital Securities with the proceeds invested in junior subordinated debt securities Debentures of United. The Debentures, which are subordinate and junior in right of payment to all present and future senior indebtedness and certain other financial obligations of United, are the sole assets of the trusts and United s payment under the Debentures is the sole source of revenue for the trusts. United assumed in aggregate principal amount of a LIBOR-indexed floating rate Debentures in the Community Bankers Trust 

and , respectively. United also assumed in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating

 rate subordinated note in the Community Bankers Trust merger. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance of the subordinated note was and , respectively. The amount of the Debentures and the subordinated note was included in the category of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets entitled Other long-term borrowings. The Capital Securities are not included as a component of shareholders equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. United fully and unconditionally guarantees each individual trust s obligations under the Capital Securities. 
 Under the provisions of the subordinated debt, United has the right to defer payment of interest on the subordinated debt at any time, or from time to time, for periods not exceeding . If interest payments on the subordinated debt are deferred, the dividends on the Capital Securities are also deferred. Interest on the subordinated debt is cumulative. 
 In accordance with the fully-phased in Basel III Capital Rules as published by United s primary federal regulator, the Federal Reserve, United is unable to consider the Capital Securities as Tier 1 capital, but rather the Capital Securities are included as a component of United s Tier 2 capital. United can include the Capital Securities in its Tier 2 capital on a permanent basis. 

United Statutory Trust IV

United Statutory Trust V

United Statutory Trust VI

Premier Statutory Trust II

Premier Statutory Trust III

Premier Statutory Trust IV

Premier Statutory Trust V

Centra Statutory Trust I

Centra Statutory Trust II

Virginia Commerce Trust II

Virginia Commerce Trust III

Cardinal Statutory Trust I

UFBC Capital Trust I

Carolina Financial Capital Trust I

Carolina Financial Capital Trust II

Greer Capital Trust I

Greer Capital Trust II

First South Preferred Trust I

BOE Statutory Trust I

United Statutory Trust IV

United Statutory Trust V

United Statutory Trust VI

Premier Statutory Trust II

Premier Statutory Trust III

Premier Statutory Trust IV

Premier Statutory Trust V

Centra Statutory Trust I

Centra Statutory Trust II

Virginia Commerce Trust II

Virginia Commerce Trust III

UFBC Capital Trust I

Carolina Financial Capital Trust I

Carolina Financial Capital Trust II

Greer Capital Trust I

Greer Capital Trust II

First South Preferred Trust I

BOE Statutory Trust I

Total

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028 and thereafter

Total

, , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Franchise other taxes not on income

Expense for reserve on lending-related commitments

Automated Teller Machine ATM expenses

State

Deferred expense:

Federal

() 

() 
 
 State

() 

() 

Total income taxes

Plus: State income taxes net of federal tax benefits

Increase (decrease) resulting from:

Tax-exempt
 interest income

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Tax credits

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other items-net

() 

() 

Income taxes

For years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, United incurred federal income tax expense of , , and , respectively, applicable to the sales and calls of securities. Income taxes paid approximated ,000, ,000, and ,000 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. At December 31, 2022, United had federal or state net operating loss carryforwards. 
 Taxes not on income, which consists mainly of business franchise taxes, were ,000, ,000, and ,000, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are recorded in other expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Accrued benefits payable

Other accrued liabilities

Unrealized loss on securities available for sale

Other real estate owned

Lease liabilities under operating leases

Deferred mortgage points

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Premises and equipment

Unrealized gain on securities available for sale

Right-of-use

 assets under operating leases

Pension plan accruals

Derivatives

Purchase accounting intangibles

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax assets

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, United believes that all of the deferred tax amounts shown above are more likely than not to be realized based on an assessment of all available positive and negative evidence and therefore valuation allowance has been recorded. 

Increase in unrecognized tax benefits as a result of tax positions taken during the current period

Decreases in the unrecognized tax benefits as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations

() 

() 

Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year

The entire amount of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact United s effective tax rate. Over the next 12 months, the statute of limitations will close on certain income tax returns. However, at this time, 
 United is currently open to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021 and certain State Taxing authorities for the years ended December 31, 2019 through 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the total amount of accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions was and , respectively. United accounts for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for federal and state income taxes. interest or penalties were recognized in the results of operations for the years of 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Recognized net actuarial loss

Net periodic pension (income) cost

() 

Weighted-Average Assumptions:

Discount rate

Expected return on assets

Rate of compensation increase (prior to age 40)

Rate of compensation increase (ages 40-54)

Rate of compensation increase (otherwise)

() 

Amortization of actuarial loss

() 

() 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income

() 

() 

Included in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31, 2022 are unrecognized actuarial losses of net of tax) that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension cost. 

Service Cost

Interest Cost

Actuarial Gain

() 

() 
 
 Annuity Purchase Payment

() 

Benefits Paid

() 

() 

Projected Benefit at the End of the Year

Accumulated Benefit Obligation at the End of the Year

Change in Plan Assets

Fair Value of Plan Assets at the Beginning of the Year

Actual Return on Plan Assets

() 

Annuity Purchase Payment

() 

Benefits Paid

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

Net Amount Recognized

Funded Status

Unrecognized Net Loss

Net Amount Recognized

Weighted-Average Assumptions at the End of the Year

Discount Rate

Rate of compensation Increase (prior to age 40)

Rate of compensation Increase (ages 40-54)

Rate of compensation Increase (otherwise)

- 

Debt Securities

- 

Other

- 

Total

Equity securities include United common stock in the amounts of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 .

The policy, as established by the Pension Committee, primarily consisting of United s Executive Management, is to invest assets based upon the target allocations stated above. The assets are reallocated periodically to meet the above target allocations. The investment policy is reviewed at least annually, subject to the approval of the Pension Committee, to determine if the policy should be changed. Prohibited investments include, but are not limited to, futures contracts, private placements, uncovered options, real estate, the use of margin, short sales, derivatives for speculative purposes, and other investments that are speculative in nature. In order to achieve a prudent level of portfolio diversification, the securities of any one company are not to exceed of the total plan assets, and no more than the of total plan assets is to be invested in any one industry (other than securities of U.S. Government or Agencies). Additionally, no more than of the plan assets is to be invested in foreign securities, both equity and fixed. The expected long-term rate of return for the plan s total assets is based on the expected return of each of the above categories, weighted based on the median of the target allocation for each class. United uses the corridor approach based on of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the market-related value of plan assets to amortize actuarial gains and losses. 

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028 through 2032

United made a discretionary contribution of during the third quarter of 2020. United did not contribute to the plan in 2022 or in 2021 as no contributions were required by funding regulations or law. For 2023, no contributions to the plan are required by funding regulations or law. However, United may make a discretionary contribution in 2023, the amount of which cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 715 and using the guidance contained in ASC Topic 820, the following is a description of the valuation methodologies used to measure the plan assets at fair value. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents: 
These underlying assets are highly liquid U.S. government obligations. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents approximates cost (Level 1). 
 Debt Securities
: Securities of the U.S. Government, municipalities, private issuers and corporations are valued at the closing price reported in the active market in which the individual security is traded, when available (Level 1). If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are measured utilizing independent valuation techniques of identical or similar securities for which significant assumptions are derived primarily from or corroborated by observable market data. Using a market approach valuation methodology, third party vendors compile prices from various sources and may determine the fair value of identical or similar securities by using pricing models that considers observable market data (Level 2). 
 Common and Preferred Stock:
 These securities are valued at the closing price on the respective stock exchange (Level 1). 

Fixed Income Debt Securities:

U.S. Government and agencies

Fixed Income Mutual Funds:

General

Equity Securities:

Common stock

Equity Mutual Funds:

Global equity

Domestic equity large cap

Domestic equity small cap

Alternative equity

International emerging equity

International equity developed

Total

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using

(In thousands)

Description

Balance as of

 December 31, 2021

Quoted Prices

 in Active

 Markets for

 Identical

 Assets

 (Level 1)

Significant

 Other

 Observable

 Inputs

 (Level 2)

Significant

 Unobservable

 Inputs

 (Level 3)

Cash and Cash equivalents

Fixed Income Mutual Funds:

General

Equity Securities:

Common stock

Equity Mutual Funds:

Global equity

Domestic equity large cap

Domestic equity small cap

International emerging equity

International equity developed

Total

Common stock investments are diversified amongst various industries with no industry representing more than 5 of the total plan assets. 
 The United Bankshares, Inc. Savings and Stock Investment Plan (the Plan) is a defined contribution plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Each employee of United, who completes ninety ) days of qualified service, is eligible to participate in the Plan. Each participant may contribute from to of compensation to his/her account, subject to Internal Revenue Service maximum deferral limits. United matches of the first of salary deferred with United stock, subject to certain imposed limitations. Vesting is for employee deferrals and the company match at the time the employee makes his/her deferral. United s expense relating to the Plan approximated , , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

and shares, respectively, of United common stock with an approximate fair value of and , respectively. Dividends paid on United common stock held by the plans approximated , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 United has certain other supplemental deferred compensation plans covering various key employees. Periodic charges are made to operations so that the liability due each employee is fully recorded as of the date of their retirement. Amounts charged to expense have not been significant in any year. 
 . The 2020 LTI Plan will be administered by a board committee appointed by United s Board of Directors (the Board ). Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee shall administer the 2020 LTI Plan. The maximum number of options and stock appreciation rights, in the aggregate, which may be awarded to any individual key employee during any calendar year is . The maximum number of options and stock appreciation rights, in the aggregate, which may be awarded to any non-employee
 director during any calendar year is or, if such Award is payable in cash, the Fair Market Value equivalent thereof. The maximum number of shares of restricted stock or shares subject to a restricted stock units award that may be granted during any calendar year is shares to any individual key employee and shares to any individual non-employee
 director. Subject to certain change in control provisions, the 2020 LTI Plan provides that all awards of will vest as the Committee determines in the award agreement, provided that no awards will vest sooner than over the first three anniversaries of the award. United adopted a clawback policy that applies to named executive officers and other executive officers and permits the Committee to cancel certain awards and to recoup gains realized from previous awards should United be required to prepare an accounting restatement due to materially inaccurate performance metrics. A Form S-8
 was filed on May 29, 2020 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register all the shares which were available for the 2020 LTI Plan. The 2020 LTI Plan replaces the 2016 LTI Plan. 
 During the year of 2022, a total of shares of restricted stock and of restricted stock units were granted under the 2020 LTI Plan. non-qualified
 stock options were granted under the 2020 LTI Plan during the year of 2022. Compensation expense of ,000, ,000, and ,000 related to all share-based grants and awards under United s Long-Term Incentive Plans was incurred for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Compensation expense was included in employee compensation in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Stock Options 

United currently has options outstanding from various option plans other than the 2020 LTI Plan (the Prior Plans however, common shares of United stock are available for grants under the Prior Plans as these plans have expired. Awards outstanding under the Prior Plans will remain in effect in accordance with their respective terms. The maximum term for options granted under the plans is ten ) years. 

Exercised

() 

Forfeited or expired

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022

Exercisable at December 31, 2022

Vested

() 

Forfeited or expired

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022

As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested option awards was ,000 with a weighted-average expense recognition period of years. The total fair value of awards vested during the year ended December 31, 2022, was ,000. 
 Cash received from options exercised under the Plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was ,000, ,000, and ,000, respectively. During 2022 and 2021, and shares, respectively, were issued in connection with stock option exercises. All shares issued in connection with stock option exercises for 2022 and 2021 were issued from authorized and unissued stock. No options were granted in 2022. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted in the year of 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised under the Plans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was ,000, ,000, and ,000, respectively. 
 ASC Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows, requires the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost to be reported as an operating cash flow. This requirement reduces net operating cash flows. While the company cannot estimate what those amounts will be in the future (because they depend on, among other things, the date employees exercise stock options), United recognized cash flows used in operating activities of ,000, ,000, and ,000 from excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation arrangements for the year of 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock 

Under the 2020 LTI Plan, United may award restricted common shares to key employees and non-employee
 directors. Restricted shares granted to participants will vest no sooner than 1/3 per year over the first three anniversaries of the award. Unless determined by the Committee or the Board and provided in the award agreement, recipients of restricted shares do not pay any consideration to United for the shares, have the right to vote all shares subject to such grant and receive all dividends with respect to such shares, whether or not the shares have vested. Presently, these nonvested participating securities have an immaterial impact on diluted earnings per share. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock awards was ,000 with a weighted-average expense recognition period of years. 
 
 120

Granted

Vested

() 

Forfeited

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022

Restricted Stock Units 

Under the 2020 LTI Plan, United may grant restricted stock units RSUs to key employees. These awards help align the interests of these employees with the interests of the shareholders of United by providing economic value directly related to the performance of the Company. These RSU grants could be time-vested RSUs, performance-vested RSUs, or a combination of both. Currently, time-vested RSUs vest ratably over three years from the date of grant. Performance-vested RSUs cliff-vest after assessment of the Company s performance over a period of three years. The number of performance-vested RSUs that vest is determined by two metrics measured relative to peers: Return on Average Tangible Common Equity ROATCE and Total Shareholder Return TSR ). Based on ASC Topic 718, the ROATCE comparison is considered a performance condition while the TSR comparison is considered a market condition. There will be no payout of the performance-vested awards if the threshold performance is not achieved. United communicates the specific threshold, target, and maximum performance-vested RSU awards and performance targets to the applicable key employees at the beginning of a performance period. Dividends are accrued but not paid in respect to the awards until the RSUs vest. The holder does not have the right to vote the shares during the time and performance periods. The value of the time-vested RSUs and the performance-vested, based on the performance condition, RSUs awarded is established as the fair market value of the stock at the time of the grant. The value of the performance-vested, based on the market condition, RSUs awarded is estimated through the use of a Monte Carlo valuation model as of the grant date. The Company recognizes expense on the RSUs in accordance with ASC Topic 718. 

Granted

Vested

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022

As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock units was ,000 with a weighted-average expense recognition period of years. 

and of loan commitments outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, approximately 34 of which contractually expire within . Excluded in the December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounts above are commitments to extend credit of and , respectively, related to mortgage loan funding commitments of United s mortgage banking segment and are of a short-term nature. 
 Commercial and standby letters of credit are agreements used by United s customers as a means of improving their credit standing in their dealings with others. Under these agreements, United guarantees certain financial commitments of its customers. A commercial letter of credit is issued specifically to facilitate trade or commerce. Typically, under the terms of a commercial letter of credit, a commitment is drawn upon when the underlying transaction is consummated as intended between the customer and a third party. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, United had and of commercial letters of credit outstanding. A standby letter of credit is generally contingent upon the failure of a customer to perform according to the terms of an underlying contract with a third party. United has issued standby letters of credit of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In accordance with the Contingencies Topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, United has determined that substantially all of its letters of credit are renewed on an annual basis and the fees associated with these letters of credit are immaterial. 
 Mortgage Banking 

United s mortgage banking segment provides for its estimated exposure to repurchase loans previously sold to investors for which borrowers failed to provide full and accurate information on their loan application or for which appraisals have not been acceptable or where the loan was not underwritten in accordance with the loan program specified by the loan investor, and for other exposure to its investors related to loan sales activities. United evaluates the merits of each claim and estimates its reserve based on actual and expected claims received and considers the historical amounts paid to settle such claims. United s mortgage banking segment has a reserve of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 United has derivative counter-party risk that may arise from the possible inability of United s mortgage banking segment s third party investors to meet the terms of their forward sales contracts. United s mortgage banking segment works with third-party investors that are generally well-capitalized, are investment grade and exhibit strong financial performance to mitigate this risk. United does not expect any third-party investor to fail to meet its obligation. 
 Legal Proceedings 

United and its subsidiaries are currently involved in various legal proceedings in the normal course of business. On at least a quarterly basis, United assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with all pending or threatened claims and litigation, utilizing the most recent information available. On a matter-by-matter

 basis, an accrual for loss is established for those matters which United believes it is probable that a loss may be incurred and that the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. Once established, each accrual is adjusted as appropriate to reflect any subsequent developments. Accordingly, management s estimate will change from time to time, and actual losses may be more or less than the current estimate. For matters where a loss is not probable, or the amount of the loss cannot be estimated, no accrual is established. 
 At September 30, 2022, United accrued a estimated liability related to a litigation matter with a former commercial customer. This accrual was based upon available information at that time and was subject to adjustment to reflect any subsequent developments. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the litigation was settled resulting in a reduction of in the estimated liability related to this matter. 
 Management is vigorously pursuing all its legal and factual defenses and, after consultation with legal counsel, believes that all such litigation will be resolved with no material effect on United s financial statements. 

. The derivatives are intended to hedge the changes in cash flows associated with floating rate FHLB borrowings. As of December 31, 2022, United has determined that no forecasted transactions related to its cash flow hedges resulted in gains or losses pertaining to cash flow hedge reclassification from AOCI to income because the forecasted transactions became probable of not occurring. United estimates that will be reclassified from AOCI as a decrease to interest expense over the next 12-months
 following December 31, 2022 related to the cash flow hedges. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is eight years. 
 United is subject to the Dodd-Frank Act clearing requirement for eligible derivatives. United has executed and cleared eligible derivatives through the London Clearing House LCH ). Variation margin at the LCH is distinguished as settled-to-market

 and settled daily based on the prior day value, rather than collateralized-to-market.

 The daily settlement of the derivative exposure does not change or reset the contractual terms of the instrument. The total notional amount of interest rate swap derivatives designated as cash flow hedges cleared through the LCH include for asset derivatives as of December 31, 2022. Balances related to LCH are presented as a single unit of account with the fair value of the designated cash flow interest rate swap asset being reduced by variation margin posted by (with) the applicable counterparty and reported in the following table on a net basis. The related fair value on a net basis approximates . 

Other assets 

Total Fair Value Hedges

Cash Flow Hedges:

Interest rate swap contracts (hedging FHLB borrowings)

Other assets 

Other assets 

Total Cash Flow Hedges

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

Forward loan sales commitments

Other assets 

Other assets 

TBA mortgage-backed securities

Other assets 

Other assets 

Interest rate lock commitments

Other assets 

Other assets 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

Total asset derivatives

Other liabilities 

Total Fair Value Hedges

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

Forward loan sales commitments

Other liabilities 

Other liabilities 

TBA mortgage-backed securities

Other liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Interest rate lock commitments

Other liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

Total liability derivatives

) 

December 31, 2021

(In thousands)

Derivatives in Fair Value

 Hedging Relationships

Location in the Statement of Condition

Carrying Amount of the Hedged

 Assets/(Liabilities)

Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of the Hedged Assets/(Liabilities)

Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Remaining for any Hedged Assets/ (Liabilities) for which Hedge Accounting has been Discontinued

Interest rate swaps

Loans, net of unearned income

Derivative contracts involve the risk of dealing with both bank customers and institutional derivative counterparties and their ability to meet contractual terms. Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. United s exposure is limited to the replacement value of the contracts rather than the notional amount of the contract. The Company s agreements generally contain provisions that limit the unsecured exposure up to an agreed upon threshold. Additionally, the Company attempts to minimize credit risk through certain approval processes established by management. 

) 

) 

Fair Value Hedges:

Interest rate swap contracts

Interest and fees on
 loans and leases

() 

) 

) 

Total derivatives in hedging relationships

) 

) 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

Forward loan sales commitments

Income from Mortgage
 Banking Activities

() 

() 

() 
 
 TBA mortgage-backed securities

Income from Mortgage
 Banking Activities

() 
 
 Interest rate lock commitments

Income from Mortgage
 Banking Activities

() 

() 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

() 

() 

Total derivatives

() 

() 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, changes in the fair value of any interest rate swaps attributed to hedge ineffectiveness were recorded, but not significant to United s Consolidated Statements of Income.

Available for sale AFS securities:

Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities arising during the period

() 

() 

Related income tax effect

() 
 
 Net reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income

() 

() 

() 
 
 Related income tax effect

() 

() 

Net effect of AFS securities on other comprehensive income

Cash flow hedge derivatives:

Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge before reclassification to interest expense

Related income tax effect

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income

() 

Related income tax effect

() 

() 

Net effect of cash flow hedge derivatives on other comprehensive income

() 
 
 Related income tax expense

() 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial loss recognized in net income

Related income tax effect

() 

() 

() 

Net effect of change in defined benefit pension plan on other comprehensive income

Total change in other comprehensive income, net of tax

Total Comprehensive Income

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassification

() 

() 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income

() 

() 

() 

Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

() 

() 

() 

(a) All amounts are net-of-tax.

Net investment securities gains 

() 

Total before tax 

Related income tax effect

Tax expense 

() 

Net of tax 

Cash flow hedge:

Net reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income

() 

Interest expense 

() 

Total before tax 

Related income tax effect

Tax expense 

() 

Net of tax 

Pension plan:

Recognized net actuarial loss

(a) 

Amortization of net actuarial loss

(b) 

Total before tax 

Related income tax effect

() 

Tax expense 

Net of tax 

Total reclassifications for the period

() 

(a) This AOCI component is included in the computation of changes in plan assets (see Note P, Employee Benefit Plans) 
 (b) This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note P, Employee Benefit Plans) 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

Securities available for sale

Securities held to maturity

Equity securities

Other investment securities

Investment in subsidiaries:

Bank subsidiaries

Nonbank subsidiaries

Goodwill

() 

() 
 
 Other assets

Total Assets

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Subordinated notes

Junior subordinated debentures of subsidiary trusts

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Shareholders equity (including other accumulated comprehensive loss of at December 31, 2022 and other accumulated comprehensive loss of at December 31, 2021)

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Net interest income

Management fees:

Bank subsidiaries

Nonbank subsidiaries

Other income

Total Income

Expenses

Operating expenses

Income Before Income Taxes and Equity in Undistributed Net Income of Subsidiaries

Applicable income tax benefit

() 

() 

() 

Income Before Equity in Undistributed Net

Income of Subsidiaries

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries:

Bank subsidiaries

Nonbank subsidiaries

() 

() 

Net Income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries

() 

() 

() 
 
 Amortization of net periodic pension costs

Stock-based compensation

Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation arrangements

Net change in other assets and liabilities

() 

() 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities

Investing Activities

Net (purchases) proceeds from sales of debt securities

() 

Net proceeds from sales (purchases) of equity securities

() 

() 
 
 Net cash received (paid) in acquisition of subsidiary

() 
 
 Increase in investment in subsidiaries

() 

() 

() 
 
 Change in other investment securities

() 

() 

() 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities

Cash dividends paid

() 

() 

() 
 
 Acquisition of treasury stock

() 

() 

() 
 
 Distribution of treasury stock from deferred compensation plan

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities

() 

() 

() 

(Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents

() 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year

and , respectively. reserve balance for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was required. 
 The primary source of funds for the dividends paid by United to its shareholders is dividends received from United Bank. Dividends paid by United Bank are subject to certain regulatory limitations. Generally, the most restrictive provision requires regulatory approval if dividends declared in any year exceed that year s net income, as defined, plus the retained net profits of the two preceding years. 
 During 2023, the retained net profits available for distribution to United by United Bank as dividends without regulatory approval, are approximately , plus net income for the interim period through the date of declaration. 
 Under Federal Reserve regulation, United Bank is also limited as to the amount they may loan to affiliates, including the parent company. Loans from United Bank to the parent company are limited to of the banking subsidiaries capital and surplus, as defined, or at December 31, 2022, and must be secured by qualifying collateral. 
 United s subsidiary banks are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Pursuant to capital adequacy guidelines, United s subsidiary banks must meet specific capital guidelines that involve various quantitative measures of the banks assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet
 items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. United s subsidiary banks capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 As previously mentioned, the new Basel III Capital Rules became effective for United and United Bank on January 1, 2015 (subject to a phase-in
 period). These new quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require United and United Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total, Tier I capital, and common Tier I capital as defined in the regulations, to risk-weighted assets, as defined, and of Tier I capital, as defined, to average assets, as defined. 

United Bank

Tier I Capital (to Risk- Weighted Assets):

United Bankshares

United Bank

Common Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):

United Bankshares

United Bank

Tier I Capital (to Average Assets):

United Bankshares

United Bank

As of December 31, 2021: 

Total Capital (to Risk- Weighted Assets):

United Bankshares

United Bank

Tier I Capital (to Risk- Weighted Assets):

United Bankshares

United Bank

Common Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):

United Bankshares

United Bank

Tier I Capital (to Average Assets):

United Bankshares

United Bank

United s mortgage banking entities, George Mason and Crescent, are subject to net worth requirements issued by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD ). Failure to meet minimum capital requirements of HUD can result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on George Mason s and Crescent s operations. 
 For George Mason and Crescent, the maximum net worth requirement of HUD at December 31, 2022 was . George Mason s net worth and Crescent s net worth were and at December 31, 2022, which both exceeded the HUD requirements. 
 
 129

Table of Contents 

to with a weighted average increase of . 
 Derivatives
: United utilizes interest rate swaps to hedge exposure to interest rate risk and variability of cash flows associated to changes in the underlying interest rate of the hedged item. These hedging interest rate swaps are classified as either a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. United utilizes third-party vendors for derivative valuation purposes. These vendors determine the appropriate fair value based on a net present value calculation of the cash flows related to the interest rate swaps using primarily observable market inputs such as interest rate yield curves Level 2 ). Valuation adjustments to derivative fair values for liquidity and credit risk are also taken into consideration, as well as the likelihood of default by United and derivative counterparties, the net counterparty exposure and the remaining maturities of the positions. Values obtained from third party vendors are typically not adjusted by management. Management internally reviews the derivative values provided by third party vendors on a quarterly basis. All derivative values are tested for reasonableness by management utilizing a net present value calculation. 
 For a fair value hedge, the fair value of the interest rate swap is recognized on the balance sheet as either a freestanding asset or liability with a corresponding adjustment to the hedged financial instrument. Subsequent adjustments due to changes in the fair value of a derivative that qualifies as a fair value hedge are offset in current period earnings either in interest income or interest expense depending on the nature of the hedged financial instrument. For a cash flow hedge, the fair value of the interest rate swap is recognized on the balance sheet as either a freestanding asset or liability with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income within shareholders equity, net of tax. Subsequent adjustments due to changes in the fair value of a derivative that qualifies as a cash flow hedge are offset to accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax and reclassified into earnings in the same line associated with the forecasted transaction when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. 

to with a weighted average increase of . 
 For derivatives that are not designated in a hedge relationship within the mortgage banking segment, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in income from mortgage banking activities in the same period as the change in the fair value. Unrealized gains and losses due to changes in the fair value of other derivative financial instruments not in hedge relationship, if any, are included in noninterest income and noninterest expense, respectively. 

State and political subdivisions

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Non-agency

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Asset-backed securities

Single issue trust preferred securities

Other corporate securities

Total available for sale securities

Equity securities:

Financial services industry

Equity mutual funds (1)

Fixed income mutual funds

Total equity securities

Loans held for sale

Derivative financial assets: 

Forward sales commitments

TBA mortgage-backed securities

Interest rate lock commitments

Total derivative financial assets

Liabilities

Derivative financial liabilities: 

TBA mortgage-backed securities

Interest rate lock commitments

Total derivative financial liabilities

Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Using

(In thousands)

Description

Balance as of

 December 31, 

 2021

Quoted Prices

 in Active

 Markets for

 Identical

 Assets

 (Level 1)

Significant

 Other

 Observable 

 Inputs

 (Level 2)

Significant

 Unobservable

 Inputs

 (Level 3)

Assets

Available for sale debt securities:

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. Government corporations and agencies

State and political subdivisions

Residential mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Non-agency

Commercial mortgage-backed securities

Agency

Asset-backed securities

Single issue trust preferred securities

Other corporate securities

Total available for sale securities

Equity securities:

Financial services industry

Equity mutual funds (1)

Fixed income mutual funds

Total equity securities

Loans held for sale

Derivative financial assets:

Forward sales commitments

TBA mortgage-backed securities

Interest rate lock commitments

Total derivative financial assets

Liabilities

Derivative financial liabilities:

Interest rate swap contracts

Forward sales commitments

TBA mortgage-backed securities

Interest rate lock commitments

Total derivative financial liabilities

(1) 
 The equity mutual funds are within a rabbi trust for the payment of benefits under a deferred compensation plan for certain key officers of United and its subsidiaries. 

transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Originations

Sales

() 

() 
 
 Transfers to portfolio loans

() 

Total gains during the period recognized in earnings

Balance, end of period

The amount of total (losses) gains for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at reporting date

() 

Derivative Financial Assets

 TBA Securities

(In thousands)

December 31,

 2022

December 31, 2021

Balance, beginning of period

Transfers other

() 

Balance, end of period

The amount of total gains for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at reporting date

Derivative Financial Assets

Interest Rate Lock Commitments

(In thousands)

December 31,

2022

December 31, 2021

Balance, beginning of period

Transfers other

Balance, end of period

The amount of total gains for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at reporting date

Derivative Financial Liabilities

 Forward Sales Commitments

(In thousands)

December 31,

 2022

December 31, 2021

Balance, beginning of period

Transfers other

() 

Balance, end of period

The amount of total gains for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at reporting date

Transfers other

() 

Balance, end of period

The amount of total gains for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at reporting date

Derivative Financial Liabilities

 Interest Rate Lock Commitments

(In thousands)

December 31,

 2022

December 31, 2021

Balance, beginning of period

Transfers other

Balance, end of period

The amount of total gains for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at reporting date

Fair Value Option 

) 

loans held for sale were past due or on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Certain financial assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP. Adjustments to the fair value of these assets usually result from the application of lower-of-cost-or-market

accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 
 The following describes the valuation techniques used by United to measure certain financial assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in the financial statements. 
 Individually assessed loans
: In the determination of the allowance for loan losses, loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. Loans evaluated individually are not also included in the collective evaluation. When management determines that foreclosure is probable or when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty at the reporting date and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs as 

other fair value measurement of intangible assets was made during the year of 2022 and 2021. 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights MSRs ):
 A mortgage servicing right asset represents the amount by which the present value of the estimated future net cash flows to be received from servicing loans are expected to more than adequately compensate the Company for performing the servicing. The Company initially measures servicing assets and liabilities retained related to the sale of residential loans held for sale mortgage servicing rights at fair value. For subsequent measurement purposes, the Company measures servicing assets and liabilities using the amortization method on a quarterly basis. The quarterly determination of fair value of servicing rights is provided by a third party and is estimated using a present value cash flow model. The most important assumptions used in the valuation model are the anticipated rate of the loan prepayments and discount rates. Although some assumptions in determining fair value are based on standards used by market participants, 

OREO

() 

(In thousands)

Description

Fair value at December 31, 2021

Balance as of

 December 31,

 2021

Quoted Prices 

 in Active

 Markets for

 Identical

 Assets

 (Level 1)

Significant

 Other

 Observable 

 Inputs

 (Level 2)

Significant

 Unobservable 

 Inputs

 (Level 3)

YTD Gains

 (Losses)

Assets

Individually assessed loans

() 
 
 OREO

() 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights

() Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 

The following methods and assumptions were used by United in estimating its fair value disclosures for other financial instruments: 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents:
 The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents approximate those assets fair values. 
 Securities held to maturity and other securities
: The estimated fair values of securities held to maturity are based on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are measured utilizing independent valuation techniques of identical or similar securities for which significant assumptions are derived primarily from or corroborated by observable market data. Third party vendors compile prices from various sources and may determine the fair value of identical or similar securities by using pricing models that consider observable market data. Any securities held to maturity, not valued based upon the methods above, are valued based on a discounted cash flow methodology using appropriately adjusted discount rates reflecting nonperformance and liquidity risks. Other securities consist mainly of shares of Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock that do not have readily determinable fair values and are carried at cost. 
 Loans and leases
: The fair values of certain mortgage loans (e.g., one-to-four

 family residential), credit card loans, and other consumer loans are based on quoted market prices of similar loans sold in conjunction with securitization transactions, adjusted for differences in loan characteristics. The fair values of other loans and leases (e.g., commercial real estate and rental property mortgage loans, commercial and industrial loans, financial institution loans and agricultural loans) are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using market interest rates currently being offered for loans and leases with similar terms to borrowers of similar creditworthiness, which include adjustments for liquidity concerns. For acquired PCD loans, fair value is assumed to equal United s carrying value, which represents the present value of expected future principal and interest cash flows, as adjusted for any Allowance for Credit Losses recorded for these loans. 

Securities available for sale

Securities held to maturity

Equity securities

Other securities

Loans held for sale

Net loans

Derivative financial assets,

Mortgage servicing rights

Deposits

Short-term borrowings

Long-term borrowings

Derivative financial liabilities

December 31, 2021

Cash and cash equivalents

Securities available for sale

Securities held to maturity

Equity securities

Other securities

Loans held for sale

Net loans

Derivative financial assets

Mortgage servicing rights

Deposits

Short-term borrowings

Long-term borrowings

Derivative financial liabilities

137

Table of Contents 

statutory business trusts that were created for the purpose of raising funds that originally qualified for Tier I regulatory capital. As previously discussed, these trusts now are considered Tier II regulatory capital. These trusts, of which several were acquired through bank acquisitions, issued or participated in pools of trust preferred capital securities to third-party investors with the proceeds invested in junior subordinated debt securities of United. The Company, through a small capital contribution, owns of the voting equity shares of each trust. The assets, liabilities, operations, and cash flows of each trust are solely related to the issuance, administration, and repayment of the preferred equity securities held by third-party investors. United fully and unconditionally guarantees the obligations of each trust and is obligated to redeem the junior subordinated debentures upon maturity. 
 United does not consolidate these trusts as it is not the primary beneficiary of these entities because United s wholly owned and indirect wholly owned statutory trust subsidiaries do not have a controlling financial interest in the VIEs. A controlling financial interest is present when an enterprise has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The enterprise with a controlling financial interest, known as the primary beneficiary, consolidates the VIE. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, United s investment (maximum exposure to loss) in these trusts were ,000 and ,000, respectively. 
 United, through its banking subsidiary, also makes limited partner equity investments in various low income housing and community development partnerships sponsored by independent third-parties. United invests in these partnerships to either realize tax credits on its consolidated federal income tax return or for purposes of earning a return on its investment. These partnerships are considered VIEs as the limited partners lack a controlling financial interest in the entities through their inability to make decisions that have a significant effect on the operations and success of the partnerships. These partnerships are not consolidated as United is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, United s investment (maximum exposure to loss) in these low income housing and community development partnerships were ,000 and ,000, respectively, while related unfunded commitments were ,000 and ,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, United expects to recover its remaining investments through the use of the tax credits that are generated by the investments.

() 

Provision for credit losses

Other income

() 

Other expense

() 

Income taxes

() 

() 

Net income (loss)

() 

() 

Total assets (liabilities)

() 

Average assets (liabilities)

() 

At and For the Year Ended December 31, 2021

(In thousands) 

Community Banking

Mortgage Banking

Other

Intersegment

 Eliminations

Consolidated

Net interest income

() 

Provision for credit losses

() 

() 
 
 Other income

() 

Other expense

() 

Income taxes

() 

Net income (loss)

() 

Total assets (liabilities)

() 

Average assets (liabilities)

() 

At and For the Year Ended December 31, 2020

(In thousands)

Community Banking

Mortgage Banking

Other

Intersegment

 Eliminations

Consolidated

Net interest income

() 

Provision for credit losses

Other income

() 

Other expense

Income taxes

() 

Net income (loss)

() 

Total assets (liabilities)

() 

Average assets (liabilities)

() 

Interest expense

Net interest income

Provision for credit losses

() 

() 

Securities gains (losses), net

() 

() 

Other noninterest income

Noninterest expense

Income taxes

Net income (1)

Per share data:

Average shares outstanding (000s):

Basic

Diluted

Net income per share:

Basic

Diluted

Dividends per share

2021

Interest income

Interest expense

Net interest income

Provision for credit losses

() 

() 

() 
 
 Mortgage banking income

Securities losses, net

() 
 
 Other noninterest income

Noninterest expense

Income taxes

Net income (1)

Per share data:

Average shares outstanding (000s):

Basic

Diluted

Net income per share:

Basic

Diluted

Dividends per share

140 

Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES This item is omitted since it is not applicable. 

Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures United Bankshares, Inc. (the Company maintains controls and procedures designed to ensure that it is able to collect the information it is required to disclose in the reports it files with the SEC, and to process, summarize and disclose this information within the time periods specified in the rules of the SEC. Based on an evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report conducted by the Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer believe that these controls and procedures are effective to ensure that the Company is able to collect, process and disclose the information it is required to disclose in the reports it files with the SEC within the required time periods. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management s Report on internal control over financial reporting and the audit report of Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, on internal control over financial reporting is included on pages 67-68 of this report and are incorporated in this Item 9A by reference. Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION None 

Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS None 
 141 

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. FORM 10-K, PART III 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information regarding directors and executive officers of the registrant including their reporting compliance under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated by reference from United s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Directors Whose Terms Expire in 2023 and Nominees for Directors under the heading PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS , under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports under the heading COMMON STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT and under the captions Executive Officers and Family Relationships under the heading GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY. United has adopted a code of ethics for its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and persons performing similar functions of the registrant in accordance with Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. A copy of the code of ethics is posted on United s web site at www.ubsi-inc.com. Information related to the registrant s audit committee and its financial expert in accordance with Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is incorporated by reference from United s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions The Audit Committee and the Audit Committee Financial Expert under the heading GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY. Since the disclosure of the procedures in the definitive proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, United has not adopted any changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to United s Board of Directors as set forth in Article II, Section 5 of the Restated Bylaws of United. 

Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Information regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference from United s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the heading of EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION , under the heading COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CD A) , and under the heading REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and securities authorized under equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference from United s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Directors Whose Terms Expire in 2023 and Nominees for Directors under the heading PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS and under the captions Beneficial Ownership of Directors and Named Executive Officers , Principal Shareholders of United and Related Shareholder Matters under the heading COMMON STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT. 

Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference from United s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions of Related Party Transactions and Independence of Directors under the heading GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY. 
 142 

Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Information regarding approval of audit and non-audit services by the Audit Committee as well as fees paid to auditors is incorporated by reference from United s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures and Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees Information under the heading AUDIT COMMITTEE AND INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM. 
 143 

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. FORM 10-K, PART IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 List of Documents Filed as Part of This Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements United s consolidated financial statements required in response to this Item are incorporated by reference from Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules United is not filing separate financial statement schedules because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits Required by Item 601 Listing of Exhibits - See the Index to Exhibits on page 145 of this Form 10-K. 

(b) 
 Exhibits The exhibits to this Form 10-K begin on page 149 . 

(c) 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules -- All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable or pertain to items as to which the required disclosures have been made elsewhere in the financial statements and notes thereto, and therefore have been omitted. All reports filed electronically by United with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports, are accessible at no cost on United s web site at www.ubsi-inc.com. These filings are also accessible on the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. 
 144 

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. FORM 10-K INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 17, 2019, by and between United Bankshares, Inc. and Carolina Financial Corporation (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K dated November 17, 2019 and filed November 18, 2019 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 2, 2021, by and between United Bankshares, Inc. and Community Bankers Trust Corporation (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K dated December 3, 2021 and filed December 3, 2021 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2017 and filed May 9, 2017 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No.002-86947) 

3.2 
 
 Restated Bylaws (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on March 20, 2020 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No.002-86947) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated into this filing by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 2019 and filed March 2, 2020 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No.002-86947) 

10.1 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between United Bankshares, Inc. and Richard M. Adams (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 28, 2022 and filed March 1, 2022 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Supplemental Retirement Agreement for Richard M. Adams (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K dated November 24, 2008 and filed November 26, 2008 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.3 
 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Supplemental Retirement Agreement for Richard M. Adams (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the 2011 Form 10-K dated December 31, 2011 and filed February 29, 2012 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement for Richard M. Adams, Jr. and James J. Consagra, Jr. (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 8-K dated November 24, 2008 and filed November 26, 2008 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.5 
 
 Form of 2017 Amendment to Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement for Richard M. Adams, Jr. and James J. Consagra, Jr. (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the 2017 Form 10-K dated December 31, 2017 and filed March 1, 2018 for United Bankshares, Inc. File No.002-86947) 
 145 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.6 
 
 Form of the Amendment and First Restatement of the United Bankshares, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement (Tier 2 SERP) for Richard M. Adams, Jr. and James J. Consagra, Jr., Executive Vice-President (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 8-K dated November 24, 2008 and filed November 26, 2008 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Second Amendment to 2008 Amended and Restated United Bankshares, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement for Richard M. Adams, Jr. and James J. Consagra, Jr. (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the 2017 Form 10-K dated December 31, 2017 and filed March 1, 2018 for United Bankshares, Inc. File No.002-86947) 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement with J. Paul McNamara (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form S-4 Registration Statement of United Bankshares, Inc., Registration No. 33-106890 filed July 9, 2003) 

10.9 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement for Mark Tatterson (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the 2013 Form 10-K dated December 31, 2013 and filed on March 3, 2014 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.10 
 
 Form of First Amendment to United Bankshares, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement for Mark Tatterson (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the 2017 Form 10-K dated December 31, 2017 and filed March 1, 2018 for United Bankshares, Inc. File No.002-86947) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Independent Contractor Agreement with Peter A. Converse (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K dated January 31, 2014 and filed February 3, 2014 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between United Bankshares, Inc., United Bank and Michael P. Fitzgerald (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K dated June 3, 2016 and filed June 6, 2016 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No.002-86947) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement with Darren K. Williams and Douglas B. Ernest (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the 2017 Form 10-K dated December 31, 2017 and filed March 1, 2018 for United Bankshares, Inc. File No.002-86947) 

10.14 
 
 Second Amended and Restated United Bankshares, Inc. Non-Qualified Retirement and Savings Plan (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K dated November 24, 2008 and filed November 26, 2008 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated United Bankshares, Inc. Management Stock Bonus Plan (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Form 8-K dated November 24, 2008 and filed November 26, 2008 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.16 
 
 United Bankshares, Inc., United Bank, Inc. and United Bank Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Form 8-K dated November 24, 2008 and filed November 26, 2008 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.17 
 
 United Bankshares, Inc., United Bank, Inc. and United Bank Rabbi Trust Agreement for Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Form 8-K dated November 24, 2008 and filed November 26, 2008 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 
 146 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.18 
 
 United Bankshares, Inc. 2016 Long-term Incentive Plan (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit A to 2016 Proxy Statement dated April 4, 2016 and filed April 1, 2016 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

10.19 
 
 United Bankshares, Inc. 2020 Long-term Incentive Plan (incorporated into this filing by reference to Exhibit A to 2020 Proxy Statement dated March 30, 2020 and filed March 30, 2020 for United Bankshares, Inc., File No. 002-86947) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP (filed herewith) 

31.1 
 
 Certification as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith) 

31.2 
 
 Certification as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith) 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Executive Officer (furnished herewith) 

32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Chief Financial Officer (furnished herewith) 

101 
 
 Interactive data file (Inline XBRL) (filed herewith) 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Item 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY None 
 147 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. (Registrant) 

/s/ Richard M. Adams, Jr. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 

Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Richard M. Adams, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ W. Mark Tatterson 

Chief Financial Officer Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Richard M. Adams 

Executive Chairman Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ J. Paul McNamara 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Jerold L. Rexroad 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Charles L. Capito, Jr. 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Michael P. Fitzgerald 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Peter A. Converse 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Gary G. White 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Mary K. Weddle 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Diana Lewis Jackson 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Mark R. Nesselroad 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ P. Clinton Winter 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Lacy I. Rice, III 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Albert H. Small, Jr. 

Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 148 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 d426237dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

TITLE 
 
 STATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 United Brokerage Services, Inc. 
 
 West Virginia 

United Real Estate Property Services, Inc. 
 
 West Virginia 

United Venture Fund, Inc. 
 
 West Virginia 

United Title Company 
 
 West Virginia 

United Bank 
 
 Virginia 

NVA Properties, LLC 
 
 Virginia 

NVA Residential, LLC 
 
 Virginia 

NVA Commercial, LLC 
 
 Virginia 

George Mason Mortgage, LLC 
 
 Virginia 

Crescent Mortgage Company 
 
 Delaware 

GMBS Capital Management Co. 
 
 Nevada 

UBC Capital Management, Co. 
 
 Nevada 

United Asset Management Corp. 
 
 Nevada 

United Loan Management Co. 
 
 Nevada 

United Statutory Trust III 
 
 Connecticut 

United Statutory Trust IV 
 
 Delaware 

United Statutory Trust V 
 
 Delaware 

United Statutory Trust VI 
 
 Delaware 

Premier Statutory Trust II 
 
 Delaware 

Premier Statutory Trust III 
 
 Delaware 

Premier Statutory Trust IV 
 
 Delaware 

Premier Statutory Trust V 
 
 Delaware 

Centra Statutory Trust I 
 
 Delaware 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 (continued) 

TITLE 
 
 STATE OF INCORPORATION 

Centra Statutory Trust II 
 
 Delaware 

VCBI Capital Trust II 
 
 Delaware 

VCBI Capital Trust III 
 
 Delaware 

Cardinal Statutory Trust I 
 
 Delaware 

UFBC Capital Trust I 
 
 Delaware 

Carolina Financial Capital Trust I 
 
 Delaware 

Carolina Financial Capital Trust II 
 
 Delaware 

Greer Capital Trust I 
 
 Delaware 

Greer Capital Trust II 
 
 Delaware 

First South Preferred Trust I 
 
 Delaware 

DTFS, Inc. 
 
 North Carolina 

Carolina Services Corporation of Charleston 
 
 Delaware 

CresCom Leasing, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 

Western Carolina Holdings, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 

BOE Statutory Trust I 
 
 Delaware 

Essex Services, Inc 
 
 Virginia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 d426237dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

1) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-238788) pertaining to the 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan of United Bankshares, Inc., 

2) 
 Registration Statement (Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 
on Form S-8 No. 333-235944) pertaining to the 250,000 shares of common stock of United Bankshares, Inc. issuable under options assumed by United Bankshares, Inc.
pursuant to the Carolina Financial Corporation 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and the First South Bancorp, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, 

3) 
 Registration Statement (Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 
on Form S-8 No. 333-258967) pertaining to the 587,000 shares of common stock of United Bankshares, Inc. issuable under options assumed by United Bankshares, Inc.
pursuant to the Community Bankers Trust Corporation 2009 Stock Incentive Plan and the Community Bankers Trust 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, 

4) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-212766) pertaining to the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan of United Bankshares, Inc., 

5) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-176658) pertaining to the 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan of United Bankshares, Inc., 

6) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-138192) pertaining to the 2006 Stock Option Plan of United Bankshares, Inc., 

7) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-106528) pertaining to the 2001 Incentive Stock Option Plan of United Bankshares, Inc., 

8) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-24241) pertaining to the 1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan of United Bankshares, Inc., and 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of United Bankshares, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting of United Bankshares, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of United Bankshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Charleston, WV 
 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d426237dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION I, Richard
M. Adams, Jr. certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United
Bankshares, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Richard M. Adams, Jr. 

Name: Richard M. Adams, Jr. 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d426237dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION I, W. Mark
Tatterson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United
Bankshares, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ W. Mark Tatterson 

W. Mark Tatterson, Executive 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d426237dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of United Bankshares, Inc. (the Company ), hereby
certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Richard M. Adams, Jr. 

Name: Richard M. Adams, Jr. 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 d426237dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of United Bankshares, Inc. (the Company ), hereby
certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ W. Mark Tatterson 

Name: W. Mark Tatterson 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ubsi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ubsi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ubsi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ubsi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

