<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1813756_0001813756-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>39750632</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>977439</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>12355201</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13343941</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6599430</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5795051</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001813756-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328190737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001813756-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		226
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WeWork Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001813756
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [6512]
		IRS NUMBER:				851144904
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39419
		FILM NUMBER:		23771310

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 389-3922

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BowX Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200601

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001813756-23-000016.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 we-20221231.htm
 10-K

we-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (zip code) 
 
 ) 
 Issuer's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 I ndicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2022, was . Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of March 20, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class C common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

WeWork Inc. 
 FORM 10-K 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 
 Item 2. Properties 
 54 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 54 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 55 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 56 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 108 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 110 
 Item 9. Changes in Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 226 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 226 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 226 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 227 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 236 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 258 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 262 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 275 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 276 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 279 
 Signatures 
 279 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, pipeline, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Although WeWork believes the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statement are based on reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained, and it is possible that actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
 Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K and in any document incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 
 our ability to consummate the Transactions; 
 our ability to execute and realize the expected benefits from the Transactions; 
 the impact of the Transactions on the market price of our securities; 
 litigation, including the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against us or others relating to the Transactions; 
 diversion of our management s attention away from our business on account of the Transactions; 
 our ability to raise additional capital in the future; 
 if the Transactions are not consummated, the potential delays and significant costs of alternative transactions, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, which in turn may impact our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 the adverse impact of failing to consummate the Transactions or otherwise deleveraging on our financial condition, business prospects and the market price of our securities; 
 the significant costs incurred by us in connection with the Transactions; 
 our financial and business performance; 
 the continuing impact of COVID-19 pandemic; 
 delays in customers and prospective customers returning to the office and taking occupancy, or changes in the preferences of customers and prospective customers with respect to remote or hybrid working, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to a parallel delay, or potentially permanent change, in receiving the corresponding revenue; 
 our projected financial information, anticipated growth rate, and market opportunity; 
 our ability to maintain the listing of our Class A Common Stock and Warrants on the NYSE; 
 our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 
 our ability to raise additional capital in the future; 
 our liquidity needs to operate our business and execute our strategy and related use of cash; 
 the impact of foreign exchange rates on our financial performance; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to execute our restructuring plan relating to our business and our operating model; 
 our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; 
 our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business; 
 the impact of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment; 
 our ability to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting; 
 our ability to grow market share in our existing markets or any new markets we may enter; 
 our ability to respond to changes in customer demand, geopolitical events, including the conflict in Ukraine, or other disruptions, and general economic conditions, including rising interest rates, inflation, disruptions created by instability in the banking sector, and the impact of such conditions on WeWork and our customers; 
 the health of the commercial real estate industry; 
 risks associated with our real estate assets and increased competition in the commercial real estate industry; 
 our ability to manage our growth effectively; 
 our ability to achieve and maintain profitability in the future; 
 our ability to access sources of capital, including debt financing and securitization funding to finance our real estate inventories and other sources of capital to finance operations and growth, and our ability to restructure, refinance, extend or repay our outstanding indebtedness; 
 our ability to maintain and enhance our products and brand and to attract customers; 
 our ability to manage, develop and refine our platform for managing and powering flexible work spaces and access to our customer base; 
 the success of strategic relationships with third parties; 
 the outcome of any known and unknown litigation and regulatory proceedings; 
 the anticipated benefits of our partnerships with third parties; 
 our expectations regarding our exits of underperforming locations, including the timing of any such exits and the ability to retain our members; 
 the impact of the Transactions on our U.S. federal income tax position, including the availability of utilizing our net operating losses NOLs to offset any taxes incurred in connection therewith; and 
 other factors detailed under the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry as well as certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors, and other cautionary statements included in this Form 10-K 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which you should consider and read carefully. 
 We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and have recently undergone significant changes at the executive and board levels and changes in our planned growth trajectory. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Form 10-K, and our expected future levels of activity and performance, may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. As a result, you should not regard any of these forward-looking statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person or place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 You should read this Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Form 10-K in their entirety and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from our expectations. All of our forward-looking statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in this section and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Part I. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to the Company, we, us or our refer to WeWork Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries following the Business Combination (as defined below), other than certain historical information which refers to the business of WeWork and its subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. Unless otherwise specified, (i) the financial information set forth below, including revenue and expenses, reflect entities consolidated in the Company s results of operations, excluding results of operations of our previously consolidated subsidiary, WeWork Greater China Holding Company B.V., which operated our locations in the Greater China region ("ChinaCo") prior to the deconsolidation of ChinaCo (the "ChinaCo Deconsolidation") and (ii) key performance indicators and other operating metrics, such as utilization, square footage and number of members, reflect Consolidated Locations (as defined below). For more detail, please see the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Key Performance Indicators. 
 Who We Are 
 We are the leading global flexible workspace provider, serving a membership base of businesses large and small through our network of 779 Systemwide Locations (as defined below), including 622 Consolidated Locations as of December 2022. With that global footprint, we have worked to establish ourselves as the preeminent brand within the flexible workspace category, by combining prime locations and unique design with member-first hospitality and exceptional community experiences. Since 2020 under our CEO Sandeep Mathrani's leadership, we have refocused our business on the space-as-a-service model by eliminating non-core ventures and streamlining our operating model. We continue to focus on meeting the growing demand for flexibility, while operating efficiently with a cost-conscious mindset toward the goal of generating free cash flow coupled with profitability, digitizing real estate in order to enhance our product offerings, and expanding and diversifying our membership base. 
 Our mission is to empower tomorrow s world at work. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 History 
 In the wake of the 2008 global financial crisis, we opened our first location in lower Manhattan in 2010 to provide entrepreneurs and small businesses with flexible, affordable and community-centered office space. The initial vision was to create environments where people and companies could come together to do what they love. Our value proposition proved to be highly attractive to a range of members, which soon evolved to encompass a growing set of medium- and large-scale businesses, including our Enterprise Members. 
 Since its inception, we embarked on a high growth path towards global expansion. Within four years, the Company grew to 23 locations across eight cities and opened its first international locations in the United Kingdom and Israel. In 2019, we filed a registration statement in connection with an initial public offering transaction that was later withdrawn. Following the withdrawal of the registration statement related to the proposed initial public offering, SoftBank Group Corp. and certain affiliates thereof (collectively, "SBG") provided us with additional access to capital to support our day-to-day operations, among other things. Subsequently, our board of directors directed a change in leadership. 
 With a new leadership team comprised of seasoned professionals in the public and private sectors, in 2019, we began to execute a strategic plan to transform our business. This plan included robust expense management efforts, the exit of non-core businesses and material real estate portfolio optimization. Since 2019, we improved our cost structure, yielding significant results: 
 Approximately 2.0 billion decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2019 (excluding approximately 85 million of expenses attributable to ChinaCo, which has since been deconsolidated), including divestitures of non-core assets; 
 Approximately 10.7 billion reduction in aggregate future lease payments from the amendment and/or exit of over 700 leases, including ChinaCo prior to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation, as of December 31, 2019 as compared to December 31, 2022; and 
 Over 2.5 billion improvement to Free Cash Flow (as defined below) for the year ended December 31, 2022 to Free Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2019 (excluding approximately negative 400 million in Free Cash Flow attributable to ChinaCo). Free Cash Flow is a measure not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Key Performance Indicators - Free Cash Flow for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP metric. 
 The Business Combination 
 On October 20, 2021 (the Closing Date ), WeWork Inc. (formerly known as BowX Acquisition Corp. Legacy BowX )), consummated its previously announced business combination pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 25, 2021 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Legacy BowX, BowX Merger Subsidiary Corp., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy BowX, and New WeWork Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as WeWork Inc. Legacy WeWork ). As contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (1) Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy WeWork, with Legacy WeWork surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy BowX (the First Merger ), and (2) immediately following the First Merger and as part of the same overall transaction as the First Merger, Legacy WeWork merged with and into BowX Merger Subsidiary II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Merger Sub II and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy BowX (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Mergers and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ), with Merger Sub II being the surviving entity of the Second Merger. In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Legacy BowX changed its name to WeWork Inc. and the Company s Class A common stock began trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "WE". 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our Product Offerings 
 With a significantly improved cost structure and enhanced suite of flexible offerings, we believe that we are well-positioned to serve a shift toward greater workspace flexibility and capitalize on an anticipated post-pandemic rebound. Moving forward, our business strategy will center around three key areas: 
 1) our core space-as-a-service business; 
 2) WeWork Access, including WeWork All Access and WeWork On Demand; and 
 3) our workspace management software solution for enterprises and operators, WeWork Workplace. 
 Core space-as-a-service offering 
 Our core business offering provides flexibility across space, time and cost. Whether users are looking for a workstation, a private office or a fully customized floor, our members have the flexibility to choose the amount of space they need and scale with WeWork as their business grows. Members also have the option to choose the type of membership that works for them, with a range of flexible offerings that provide access to space on a monthly subscription basis or through a multi-year membership agreement. In addition, a WeWork membership can provide members with portability of cost, giving our members the flexibility to move part or all of an existing commitment to a new market. 
 Memberships include access to space, in addition to access to certain amenities and services, such as private phone booths, internet, high-speed business printers and copiers, mail and package handling, front desk services, off-peak building access, unique common areas and daily enhanced cleaning. We also offer a range of value-add services designed to support businesses beyond their workspace needs. Currently, we offer business and technical service solutions, including professional employer organization (PEO) and payroll services, remote workforce solutions, human resources benefits, dedicated bandwidth, and IT equipment co-location. These ancillary services cater to the needs of our diverse member network, delivering additional revenue and margin to the Company and increasing member retention. 
 Beyond the amenities we offer through our memberships, our community team is what sets us apart from other space providers in the industry. With a member-first mindset, our community teams provide an exceptional level of hospitality by not only overseeing onsite operations and supporting day-to-day needs, but by also focusing on cultivating meaningful relationships with and between our members to deliver a premium experience. 
 Our core business offering has proven to be a compelling way for a broad range of businesses to manage their real estate footprint. Throughout our history, we have aimed to diversify our membership base with a focus on growing commitments from Enterprise Members, who typically enter into longer term agreements and often take space with WeWork across multiple countries using a master membership agreement. 
 Membership December 2015 December 2022 Physical Memberships (in thousands) (1) 
 35 547 Enterprise Physical Membership Percentage (2) 
 10 + 46 Commitment Length (3) 
 Month-to-Month 100 ~5 2 to 11 Months 0 ~25 12+ Months 0 ~70 Total Weighted Full Commitment Length ~1 month ~19 months 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Physical memberships are defined as the number of people able to access WeWork s locations and does not include WeWork All Access memberships or WeMemberships (as defined below). 
 (2) Enterprise Physical Membership Percentages represents physical Enterprise Memberships divided by total Physical Memberships. "Enterprise Memberships" are defined as organizations that have greater than 500 full time employees globally. 
 (3) Commitment length represents base contract terms, excluding the impact of any extension termination options. The commitment lengths disclosed may include periods for which members have an option to terminate their commitments with a less than 10 penalty. 
 WeWork Access 
 Operating our real estate portfolio of 779 Systemwide Locations has allowed us to take steps to make our network of locations digitally accessible to a global consumer base. 
 WeWork All Access: The WeWork All Access product, launched in late 2020, is a monthly subscription-based model that provides members with access to participating WeWork locations. Through WeWork All Access, members can book workspaces, conference rooms and private offices right from their phones enabling users to choose when, where and how they work. Over time, assuming opt-in by our licensee partners, our goal is to expand this product by providing members with access to additional locations throughout the world. 
 WeWork All Access can be purchased by individuals and companies looking for flexible solutions for touch-down space in major urban centers where WeWork has a presence. The product also creates synergies with our space-as-a-service product and can be used together with a dedicated office space solution for enhanced flexibility. 
 In addition to being available for purchase by individuals and enterprise companies alike, WeWork All Access has also been promoted through a number of successful affinity partnerships with global businesses such as American Express Business and Uber. We believe that the WeWork All Access offering can drive Adjusted EBITDA growth for the Company by further monetizing the WeWork physical footprint and driving demand from a customer base that requires greater optionality and flexibility to the Company s existing network of spaces. 
 WeWork On Demand: WeWork s strategy to digitize its real estate began with the launch of the WeWork On Demand product in 2020, providing users with pay-as-you-go access to book individual workspace or conference rooms at nearby WeWork locations. Since the successful pilot program launch in New York City in 2020, we have expanded our WeWork On Demand offering across the United States and Canada as well as select markets in Europe and our Pacific region. 
 WeWork Workplace 
 We believe that the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the trends that were previously driving the growth of flexible workspace and that the value proposition of a WeWork membership is more relevant than ever before. As many businesses are now returning to the office after working from home, many are looking for hybrid options that provide the flexibility to streamline their real estate footprints while also maintaining employee productivity and collaboration. 
 As a result, in order to service the market demand for flexible space, we believe a broader group of traditional real estate owners and operators will incorporate the flexible model that we developed into their own portfolios. 
 Having spent more than 10 years building a global physical network and developing the systems necessary to operate our flexible products, we believe WeWork is well-positioned to offer landlords, operators, and enterprises a workplace management platform solution for their spaces through WeWork Workplace, a turnkey workspace management solution that leverages WeWork s property and technology platform. This product enables landlords and operators to power flexible spaces and provide direct access to an established customer base. We believe it also provides enterprises with a seamless and purposeful hybrid work experience by powering online booking, providing meaningful utilization analytics, and 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 optimizing space across assets. Third-party operators and enterprises pay us a recurring license fee to use WeWork Workplace, enabling us to scale via a capital-light business offering. 
 In December 2021, WeWork signed its first WeWork Workplace enterprise deal to implement a robust desk-sharing program across locations in 34 cities that are a mix of WeWork locations, owned locations, and non-WeWork locations. In July 2022, the Company launched WeWork Workplace and as of December 2022, over 220 companies have signed onto WeWork Workplace, comprising over 42,000 licenses sold. 
 As the product gains traction, we believe that WeWork Workplace will provide a new line of revenue for our business while capitalizing on the shift towards flexible space that we are seeing among our landlord and enterprise partners. 
 Market Overview 
 In a multi trillion-dollar commercial real estate market transformed by the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe our global brand and network of locations position the Company as the leading flexible space provider. 
 On a square footage basis, we are one of the largest flexible space providers in the world, operating approximately 43.9 million rentable square feet globally as of December 31, 2022. Our total square footage in the United States and Canada region was 18.3 million rentable square feet as of December 31, 2022. We believe the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the shift to flexible workspace, and will increase total flexible workspace penetration beyond these levels. 
 In many markets, we witnessed accelerated leasing activity in recent months. Although WeWork represented approximately 1 of the total commercial office stock in New York City in the fourth quarter of 2022, our leasing activity during the same period represented the equivalent of 23 of all commercial office leasing activity on a square-foot basis. Our leasing activity represented similar equivalent proportions of overall market leasing activity in other major markets, such as London, Dublin, Boston, and Miami. We believe this further demonstrates the shift to flexible office space in major markets. 
 We believe that our leadership position in flexible workspace, coupled with a shift in the way people now work, provides a unique and valuable opportunity to serve a growing asset class. Individuals and organizations are streamlining their real estate footprints in an effort to optimize cost structure and de-risk portfolios from long term leases and fixed costs. At the same time, companies are prioritizing the need to maintain productivity, connection and innovation of their workforce while also balancing the health and safety of their employees. As a result, WeWork s global brand, exceptional real estate portfolio and spectrum of flexible solutions position the Company to meet the needs of employers and employees. 
 With regard to regions outside of the U.S., we believe that there is significant potential upside. We expect to grow market share globally over time and to continue to offer an expanding real estate portfolio of products and services to meet our members needs, driving higher margin revenue growth and further increasing our total addressable market. 
 Our Strengths 
 Results-driven leadership team 
 Under the guidance of Mr. Mathrani, our management team has been revamped. The leadership team has decades of public market experience. During 2022, Mr. Mathrani continued to deliver results focused on cost efficiency and managing the business through the pandemic and return to office period. In December 2022, we crossed a historic milestone of achieving Adjusted EBITDA profitability. 
 We believe an improved cost structure, combined with strong demand from WeWork members globally presents a defined path to generating Free Cash Flow coupled with positive Adjusted EBITDA. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Leadership has reset the Company s core values. 
 Strong oversight from a board of directors with a diverse set of skills, expertise and backgrounds. 
 Established global brand and operating platform 
 We have an extensive global footprint of flexible workspace, with a real estate portfolio of 779 systemwide locations in 39 countries, supporting approximately 682 thousand systemwide physical memberships as of December 2022. 
 60 of 2022 Fortune 100 companies were WeWork members as of the beginning of December 2022. 
 We have established partnerships with, among others, Blackstone, Boston Properties, Brookfield Properties, FUNO, Hines, Ivanhoe Cambridge, Starwood Capital Group, Tishman Speyer, and VANKE in major markets and have a global network of over 600 landlord relationships. 
 Compelling value proposition for members 
 Our extensive global footprint maximizes member flexibility in terms of space, time and location needs. 
 Members have fast access to high quality, pre-built office space and the ability to scale over time without the commitment of a long-term lease. 
 The total weighted full commitment length of our memberships has increased from approximately one month in 2015 to approximately 19 months as of December 2022, laying a foundation for what we believe will be predictable and prudent growth. 
 Proven business model through downturn 
 We have reorganized our selling, general and administrative costs, as well as our operations costs, to match the needs of our current real estate portfolio. 
 Our membership base is diverse and stable: 46 of our consolidated total memberships were with Enterprise Members as of December 2022. 
 We have improved the strength and composition of our real estate portfolio through strategic asset amendments and exits through 2020 to 2022 and expect to continue to do so moving forward. 
 Liquidity position 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 287 million in cash and cash equivalents, 500 million in unissued Secured Notes, and approximately 500 million in secured debt covenant capacity. 
 In January 2023, the Company issued 250 million of Secured Notes to SVF II (as defined below). The Secured Notes mature in March 2025 and bear interest at 7.5 per annum payable in cash (with a step-up to 11.00 , payable in-kind, from and after February 2024). 
 In February 2023, the Company amended the Junior LC Tranche, increasing the tranche from 350 million to 470 million and extending its maturity from November 2023 to March 2025. 
 In March 2023, the Company entered into a series of agreements relating to the Transactions (as defined below), which, if and once implemented, would result in the reduction of the Company s net debt by approximately 1.5 billion, extend maturity of the Company s senior notes from 2025 to 2027 and result in additional new funding and rolled over capital commitments of approximately 1.0 billion. See The Transactions below 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 The Transactions 
 In March 2023, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, including the Issuers (as defined below), entered into a transaction support agreement (the Transaction Support Agreement ), a backstop commitment agreement, a securities purchase and commitment agreement and certain other support agreements (collectively, the Transactions Agreements relating to a series of comprehensive Transactions with an ad hoc group (the Ad Hoc Group of holders of 7.875 Senior Notes and 5.00 Senior Notes, Series II (each as defined below), SoftBank Vision Fund II-2 L.P. (together with its affiliates, SVF II ), StarBright WW LP, a third party investor and certain other parties thereto, as applicable. 
 Pursuant to the Transactions Agreements, the applicable parties have agreed to support, approve, implement and enter into definitive documents covering the following transactions, among other things (collectively, the Transactions ): 
 certain offers to exchange, and related consent solicitations with respect to, all of the outstanding 7.875 Senior Notes and 5.00 Senior Notes, Series II, for a combination of newly issued 11.00 Second Lien Senior Secured PIK Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable 5.00 in cash and 6.00 by increasing the outstanding principal amount thereof PIK )) of the Issuers (the New Second Lien Notes ), 12.00 Third Lien Senior Secured PIK Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable in PIK only) of the Issuers (the New Third Lien Notes and shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, and concurrently issue 500 million in aggregate principal amount of 15.00 First Lien Senior Secured PIK Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable 7.00 in cash and 8.00 in PIK) of the Issuers (the New First Lien Notes in connection with the exchange offers, which amount will be backstopped by the Ad Hoc Group in exchange for a 25 million backstop fee payable in the form of additional New First Lien Notes; 
 the exchange of all of the outstanding 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I (as defined below), held by StarBright WW LP (or any affiliate to which StarBright WW LP transfers its 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I) (a SoftBank Noteholder for a combination of newly issued 11.00 Second Lien Senior Secured PIK Exchangeable Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable 5.00 in cash and 6.00 in PIK) of the Issuers (the New Second Lien Exchangeable Notes ), 12.00 Third Lien Senior Secured PIK Exchangeable Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable in PIK only) of the Issuers (the New Third Lien Exchangeable Notes and, collectively with the New First Lien Notes, the New Second Lien Notes, the New Third Lien Notes and the New Second Lien Exchangeable Notes, the New Notes and shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable; 
 the rollover of 300 million of the 500 million commitment from SVF II under the Secured NPA (as defined below) to purchase Secured Notes, including 250 million in aggregate principal amount of Secured Notes currently outstanding, into 300 million of New First Lien Notes, which, at the Company s option, would be issued to SVF II in full and outstanding at the closing of the Transactions or issuable to SVF II from time to time in whole or in part pursuant to a new note purchase agreement (the SoftBank Delayed Draw Notes ), subject to a 12.5 fee on up to 50 million in aggregate principal amount of New First Lien Notes outstanding and held by SVF II in excess of 250 million in the form of additional New First Lien Notes. In addition, during the period from the entry into the Transaction Support Agreement to the closing of the Transactions, the Company may draw upon the remaining 250 million in aggregate principal of Secured Notes, each draw subject to the terms of the Secured NPA and subject to the following schedule: (i) a draw request of 50 million which may be made no earlier than April 1, 2023; (ii) a subsequent draw request of no more than 75 million which may be made no earlier than May 1, 2023; (iii) another subsequent draw request of no more than 75 million which may be made no earlier than June 1, 2023; and, if applicable, (iv) a draw request of 50 million thereafter; and 
 the issuance of 35 million shares of Class A Common Stock in a private placement at a purchase price of 1.15 per share at closing of the Transactions and up to 175 million of New First Lien 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Notes issuable from time to time at the Company s option pursuant to a new note purchase agreement to a third party investor (the Third Party Delayed Draw Notes ), subject to a 12.5 fee on up to 50 million in aggregate principal amount of New First Lien Notes outstanding and held by the Third Party Investor in excess of 125 million in the form of additional New First Lien Notes. Any draw request by the Company under the SoftBank Delayed Draw Notes and the Third Party Investor Delayed Draw Notes shall be made as follows: (i) the first 250 million under the SoftBank Delayed Draw Notes and the first 125 million under the Third Party Investor Delayed Draw Notes shall be drawn ratably; and (ii) the final 50 million under each of the SoftBank Delayed Draw Notes and the Third Party Investor Delayed Draw Notes shall be drawn ratably. 
 Closing of any Transaction pursuant to the Transaction Support Agreement is subject to, and conditioned upon, closing of all of the other Transactions as well as receipt of certain stockholder approvals with respect to the Transactions (the Stockholder Approvals ). In connection with the entry into the Transaction Support Agreement, the Company and certain stockholders of the Company entered into support agreements pursuant to which each such stockholder has agreed, among other things, to vote all of its shares of Class A Common Stock in favor of the Stockholder Approvals. 
 If implemented, the Transactions would significantly deleverage the Company s capital structure and bolster liquidity for continued growth. See also Risk Factors Risks Relating to the Company s Financial Condition The Company has a history of operating losses and negative cash flow and failure for the Company to fully consummate the Transactions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity and long-term prospects. " 
 Global Operating Structure 
 To streamline operations and facilitate asset-light expansion outside of the United States, we sometimes enter into joint ventures, strategic partnerships and other similar arrangements. As of December 2022, our operations in China, India, Israel, Japan, and certain countries in Latin America operate pursuant to such arrangements. See the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Going forward we expect to strategically evaluate the use of these alternative ownership arrangements on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis for all of our current and future locations. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell our memberships and services to companies using a variety of sales and marketing efforts. We have sales representatives organized by market who engage directly with companies. We also have dedicated sales teams that target and service larger enterprise accounts across their global footprint. 
 Through the expansion of our WeWork On Demand and WeWork All Access products, we have invested in direct-to-consumer marketing capabilities, which we expect to expand over time to include capabilities in digital and social media retargeting. 
 Properties 
 We generally lease the real estate for our locations. As of December 2022, we had 779 Systemwide Locations across 39 countries, 259 of which are located in the United States, excluding our corporate headquarters at 75 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY, 10019. See Note 28 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for details regarding revenue concentration. 
 Intellectual Property 
 The recognition of the WeWork brand is an important component to our success. The Company has obtained a strategic set of intellectual property registrations and applications, including for the WeWork brand, throughout the world. 
 We police our trademark portfolio globally, including by monitoring trademark registries around the world and investigating digital, online and common law uses in order to learn as soon as possible whether the 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 relevant parties engage in or plan to engage in conduct that would violate our valuable trademark rights. We monitor registries through the use of robust international subscription watch services, supplemented by periodic manual review. We typically discover or are informed of infringing uses of our trademarks through our internal policing system or by our employees. 
 We investigate and evaluate each instance of infringement to determine the appropriate course of action, including cease and desist letters, administrative proceedings, cybersquatting actions or infringement actions, if any. Wherever possible, we seek to resolve these matters amicably and without litigation. 
 In an effort to ensure that registries in countries where we operate or intend to operate remain clear of infringing trademark registrations, we frequently file opposition actions, cancellation actions and other administrative proceedings around the world. 
 Government Regulation 
 We are subject to a wide variety of laws, rules, regulations and standards in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Like other market participants that operate in numerous jurisdictions and across various service lines, we must comply with a number of regulatory regimes. U.S. federal, state and local and foreign laws, rules, regulations and standards include employment laws, health and safety regulations, taxation regimes and laws and regulations that govern or restrict our business and activities in certain regions and with certain persons, including economic sanctions regulations, anti-bribery laws and anti-money laundering laws. Some of our offerings also require registrations, permits, licenses and/or approvals from governmental agencies and regulatory authorities, some or all of which may be costly or time consuming to obtain. A failure to obtain any such registrations, permits, licenses and/or approvals could subject us to penalties for noncompliance. 
 In addition, as a developer and operator of real estate, we are subject to local land-use requirements, including regulations that govern zoning, use, building and occupancy, regulations and standards that address indoor environmental requirements, laws that require places of public accommodation and commercial facilities to meet certain requirements related to access and use by disabled persons, and various environmental laws and regulations which may require a current or previous owner or operator of real estate to investigate and remediate the effects of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases on, under, in or from such property. 
 Furthermore, because we receive, store and use a substantial amount of personally identifiable information received from or generated by our members, we are also subject to laws and regulations governing data privacy, use of personal data and cybersecurity. 
 Competition 
 The office space industry, including traditional offices, global real estate providers, regional flexible workspace options and home office spaces, is highly fragmented and is served by large, national or international companies as well as by regional and local companies of varying sizes and resources. As the industry has evolved over the past decade, a growing number of local, national and international competitors have entered the space, including flex office space operators and large office real estate owners that have developed unique flex office offerings within their own portfolios. We believe our differentiated expertise and global footprint offer a significant competitive advantage relative to alternative space providers that will uniquely position WeWork as a global partner of choice. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We recognize that people power our business and are at the center of all that we do. We have extraordinarily talented employees all across the world who are dedicated to serving our members and advancing our mission. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 4,300 employees, of which approximately 1,900 were located in the United States. A small portion of our employees outside of the 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 United States are represented by a labor union or workers council and covered by collective bargaining agreements. 
 At WeWork, we also provide a competitive compensation package, with our base salary, cash bonus incentives and equity based awards designed to align with the market and delivered to employees based on eligibility and performance specific to their role. We provide a broad suite of market specific well-being programs for employees and their families, including company subsidized medical benefits, retirement/financial planning, work/life resources, paid leaves and mental health support, in addition to a range of personal and professional development opportunities, such as in-role training, live virtual sessions and access to on-demand learning resources. 
 We aim to create a workforce that promotes inclusion and fosters diversity. Our inclusion and diversity strategy focuses on proactively creating forums and designing resources to foster a culture of conversation, delivering training programs to increase understanding and change behaviors, and taking deliberate actions that strengthen our diversity pipeline. We support these initiatives through our inclusion and diversity governance structure, which includes a Global Diversity Leadership Council composed of executives and senior leaders, as well as an Office of Inclusion that sets our global inclusion and diversity strategy and supports our voluntary employee-led employee community groups. 
 Availability of Reports 
 We make available financial information, news releases and other information on our website: www.wework.com. The information contained on our website shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K or in any other filing we make under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other reports, as well as any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available free of charge via the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's ("SEC") website at www.sec.gov or our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports and amendments with, or furnish them to, the SEC. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, including the matters addressed under the heading Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in this Form 10-K before investing in our securities. The risk factors described below disclose both material and other risks, and are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future periods or are not identified because they are generally common to businesses. 
 Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to the Company, we, us or our refer to the business of WeWork and its subsidiaries following the consummation of the Business Combination; except that, with respect to references to the Company s lease obligations, the Company refers to the WeWork subsidiary that is a party to such lease. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The price of our Class A Common Stock and warrants may be volatile. 
 Future resales of Class A Common Stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 If analysts do not publish research about our business or if they publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 We may not be able to continue to retain existing members, many of whom enter into membership agreements with short-term commitments, or to attract new members in sufficient numbers or at sufficient rates to sustain and increase our memberships or at all. 
 We have a history of losses and we may be unable to achieve profitability (as determined in accordance with GAAP). 
 We have a history of operating losses and negative cash flow and failure to fully consummate the Transactions may adversely effect the Company's liquidity and long-term prospects. 
 Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of our brand and the success of our strategic partnerships. 
 We have reduced and may continue to reduce the overall size of our organization and we are likely to experience voluntary attrition, which may present challenges in managing our business. 
 We and our subsidiaries may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and other obligations and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations, which may not be successful. 
 Our only material assets are our indirect interests in the WeWork Partnership (as defined below), and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions from the WeWork Partnership to pay dividends and taxes and other expenses. Our debt facilities also impose or may in the future impose certain restrictions on our subsidiaries making distributions to us. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 Our internal control, financial systems and procedures need further development for a public company and a company of our global scale. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on a combination of proprietary and third-party technology systems to support our business and member experience, and, if these systems experience difficulties, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
 Failure to comply with anti-money laundering requirements could subject us to enforcement actions, fines, penalties, sanctions and other remedial actions. 
 Risks Relating to the Company s Business 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and recovery from the pandemic may take longer than anticipated. 
 The global spread and unprecedented impact of COVID-19, including variants of the virus, significantly disrupted and created additional risks to the Company s and its joint venture partners businesses, the industry and the economy. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to present uncertainty, including with respect to delays in customers and prospective customers returning to the office and changes in the preferences of customers and prospective customers with respect to remote or hybrid work arrangements. This has caused, and may continue to cause, a parallel delay in receiving the corresponding revenue. The Company also experienced a reduction in new sales volume at its locations, which negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, the Company s results of operations. The Company was also, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by member churn, non-payment (or delayed payment) from members or members seeking payment concessions or deferrals or cancellations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, Consolidated Location physical memberships declined, which negatively affected our results of operations throughout 2020 and 2021. See the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Results COVID-19 and Impact on our Business. The Company s business has been and could continue to be adversely impacted by members or potential members considering remote and hybrid office space arrangements and how quickly, if at all, the Company can return to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels of operations. 
 The Company may not be able to continue to retain existing members, many of whom enter into membership agreements with short-term commitments, or to attract new members in sufficient numbers or at sufficient rates to sustain and increase its memberships. 
 The Company principally generates revenues through the sale of memberships. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the effect of rising inflation and general economic uncertainty, the Company has experienced, and may continue to experience, higher levels of membership agreement terminations, including terminations of membership agreements prior to the expiration of the committed term . In addition, as economic recovery and return to work patterns may differ significantly in the locations where the Company operates, local and regional membership activity may vary significantly from historical patterns and from aggregated trends. In many cases, members may terminate their membership agreements with the Company at any time upon as little notice as one calendar month, generally for a fee. During the year ended December 31, 2022, on average, approximately 5 of physical memberships were month-to-month commitments and could be terminated in a given month. Similarly, there are also longer-term or multi-year memberships that come up for renewal each month pursuant to the ordinary course terms of the contract, generally evenly throughout the year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, on average, approximately 6 of physical memberships (excluding month-to-month commitments) came up for renewal each month. Members may cancel their memberships for many reasons, including a perception that they do not make sufficient use of the Company s solutions and services, that they need to reduce their expenses or that alternative work environments may provide better value or a better experience. Negative publicity surrounding the Company may also result in an increase in membership agreement terminations, a decrease in the Company s ability to attract new members, weaker sales, and slower ramp-up of the Company s new locations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s results of operations could be adversely affected by declines in demand for its memberships. Demand for its memberships has been and may continue to be negatively affected by public health concerns, slow economic recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic, and changing return to work patterns and could also be affected by a number of factors, including geopolitical uncertainty, competition, cybersecurity incidents, decline in the Company s reputation and saturation in the markets where the Company operates. For example, reduced sales volume as a result of a slower than expected recovery in WeWork s business following the COVID-19 pandemic and recent economic uncertainty has negatively affected and may continue to affect the Company s results of operations. Prevailing general and local economic conditions may also negatively affect the demand for its memberships, particularly from current and potential members that are small- and mid-sized businesses and may be disproportionately affected by adverse economic conditions. 
 If the Company is unable to replace members who may terminate their membership agreements, the Company s cash flows and the Company s ability to make payments under its lease agreements may be adversely affected. These same factors that reduce demand for its memberships may not have the same impact on a landlord that has longer commitments from its tenants than the Company has from its members. 
 The Company must continually add new members both to replace departing members and to expand its current member base. The Company may not be able to attract new members in sufficient numbers to fully replace departing members. In addition, the revenue the Company generates from new members may not be as high as the revenue generated from existing members because of discounts the Company may offer to these new members, which have increased in recent periods, and the Company may incur marketing or other expenses, including referral fees, to attract new members, which may further offset its revenues from these new members. For these and other reasons, the Company could continue to experience a decline in its revenue growth, which could adversely affect its results of operations. 
 An economic downturn or subsequent declines in market rents may result in increased member terminations and could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 
 While the Company believes that it has a durable business model in all economic cycles, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. A significant portion of the Company s member base consists of small- and mid-sized businesses and freelancers who may be disproportionately affected by adverse economic conditions. In addition, the Company s concentration in specific cities magnifies the risk to the Company of adverse localized economic conditions in those cities or the surrounding regions. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company generated the majority of its revenue from locations in the United States and the United Kingdom . The majority of the Company s 2022 revenue from locations in the United States was generated from locations in the greater New York City, San Francisco, and Boston markets . A majority of its locations in the United Kingdom are in London . Economic downturns in these markets or other markets in which the Company is growing its number of locations may have a disproportionate effect on the Company s revenue and its ability to retain members, in particular among members that are small- and mid-sized businesses, and thereby require the Company to expend time and resources on sales and marketing activities that may not be successful and could impair its results of operations. Additionally, an outbreak of a contagious disease, such as COVID-19 or variants of the virus or any similar illness, has had and may in the future have a disproportionate effect on businesses located in large metropolitan areas (such as those listed above), as larger cities may be more likely to institute a quarantine or shelter-in-place. Furthermore, the Company has experienced, and may continue to experience, increased churn and non-payment from members negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the Company s business may be affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the markets where it operates, which can result in a general decline in real estate activity, reduce demand for its solutions and services and exert downward pressure on its revenue. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 The long-term and fixed-cost nature of the Company s leases may limit the Company s operating flexibility and could adversely affect its liquidity and results of operations. 
 The Company s leases are primarily entered into by and through special purpose entity subsidiaries. The Company currently leases a significant majority of its locations under long-term leases that, with limited exceptions, do not contain early termination provisions. The Company s obligations to landlords under these agreements extend for periods that generally significantly exceed the length of its membership agreements with its members, which in certain cases may be terminated by the Company s members upon as little notice as one calendar month. The average length of the initial term of the Company's leases is approximately 15 years, and the average term of its membership agreements is 19 months. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s subsidiaries future undiscounted minimum lease cost payment obligations under signed operating and finance leases was 27.9 billion and committed sales contracts to be recognized as revenue in the future totaled approximately 2.5 billion . 
 The Company s leases generally provide for fixed monthly or quarterly payments that are not tied to space utilization or the size of its member base, and nearly all of its leases contain minimum rental payment obligations. There are a small number of leases under a revenue sharing model with no minimum rent amount. As a result, in locations where the Company does not generate sufficient revenue from members at a particular space, including if members terminate their membership agreements with the Company and the Company is not able to replace these departing members or the Company ceases to operate at leased spaces, the Company s lease cost expense exceeds its revenue. In addition, the Company may not be able to negotiate lower fixed monthly payments under its leases at rates which are commensurate with the rates at which the Company may agree to lower its monthly membership fees, which may also result in its rent expense exceeding its membership and service revenue. At certain locations, the Company has not been able to, and may not be able to, reduce its rent under the lease or otherwise terminate the lease, whether in accordance with its terms or by negotiation. 
 If the Company experiences a prolonged reduction in revenues at a particular leased location, its results of operations in respect of that space would be adversely affected unless and until the lease expires or the Company is able to assign the lease or sublease the space to a third party or otherwise renegotiate the terms of the lease or an exit from that space. The Company s ability to assign a lease or sublease for a particular space to a third party may be constrained by provisions in the lease that restrict these transfers without notice to, or the prior consent of, the landlord. Additionally, the Company could incur significant costs if it decides to assign or sublease unprofitable leases, as the Company may incur transaction costs associated with finding and negotiating with potential transferees, and the ultimate transferee may require upfront payments or other inducements. The Company is also party to a variety of lease agreements and other occupancy arrangements, including management agreements and participating leases, containing a variety of contractual rights and obligations that may be subject to interpretation. The Company s interpretation of such contracts may be disputed by its landlords or members, which could result in litigation, damage to its reputation or contractual or other legal remedies becoming available to such landlords and members and may impact its results of operations. 
 While the Company s leases are often held by special purpose entities, the Company s consolidated financial condition and results of operations depend on the ability of its subsidiaries to perform their obligations under these leases over time. The Company s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations depend on the Company s ongoing compliance with its leases. In addition, the Company provides credit support in respect of its leases in the form of letters of credit, limited corporate guarantees (mostly from a subsidiary of the Company), cash security deposits and surety bonds. See the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Lease Obligations. The applicable landlords have and could draw under the letters of credit or demand payment under the surety bonds, which amounts would need to be funded by the Company or one of its subsidiaries, which has adversely affected and could further adversely affect the Company s financial condition and liquidity. In addition, under the Company s surety bonds, the applicable surety has the right to increase their collateral to 100 of the outstanding bond amounts, including cash collateral or letters of credit, at any time the surety bonds are outstanding. Some 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 sureties have already exercised this option. In certain circumstances, landlords have drawn under the letters of credit or demanded payment under the surety bonds in accordance with the terms of the applicable lease and security instrument. In addition, a small number of landlords have sued to enforce the corporate guarantees. The Company is also increasingly pursuing strategic alternatives to pure leasing arrangements, including management agreements, participating leases and other occupancy arrangements with respect to spaces. Some of the Company s agreements contain penalties that are payable in the event the Company terminates the arrangement. 
 The Company has a history of losses and it may be unable to achieve profitability (as determined in accordance with GAAP). 
 The Company had an accumulated def icit of 16.2 billion , 14.1 billion and 9.7 billion as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and had net losses of 2.3 billion, 4.6 billion, and 3.8 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. The Company s accumulated deficit and net losses, which are GAAP financial metrics, historically resulted primarily from the substantial investments required to grow its business, including a significant increase in the number of locations in which the Company operates. The operation of non-core businesses in the past has also contributed to accumulated deficit and net loss historically. The Company s rapid growth placed a significant strain on the Company s resources. In addition, the Company has in recent periods incurred restructuring and other related costs in connection with both lease termination charges and lease amendment or exit costs resulting from the Company s global real estate portfolio optimization efforts as well as employee-related payments resulting from the Company s workforce realignment. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business have also contributed to the losses incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 While the Company has substantially completed a strategic restructuring with the goal of creating a leaner, more efficient organization to support its long-term goal of sustainable growth, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in realizing the benefits of this plan. The Company s operating costs and other expenses may be greater than it anticipates, and its investments to make its business and its operations more efficient may not be successful. Increases in the Company s costs, expenses and investments may reduce its margins and materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company has a history of operating losses and negative cash flow and failure to fully consummate the Transactions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity and long-term prospects 
 The Company has a history of operating losses, and our capital needs have historically been funded through equity and debt offerings . In March 2023, the Company entered into a series of agreements relating to the Transactions, which, if and once implemented, would result in the reduction of the Company s net debt by approximately 1.5 billion, extend maturity of the Company s senior notes from 2025 to 2027 and result in additional new funding and rolled over capital commitments of approximately 1.0 billion. 
 In the event that we are unable to complete the Transactions or otherwise raise sufficient alternative fundings to reduce the Company's significant debt and enhance its liquidity on acceptable terms, we may be required to delay, limit or curtail our operations or otherwise impede our business strategy, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and long-term prospects. 
 These alternative fundings may include (subject to market conditions) capital markets transactions, repurchases, redemptions, exchanges or other refinancings of the Company s existing debt, the potential issuance of equity securities, the potential sale of additional assets and businesses and/or other strategic transactions and/or other measures. These alternatives involve significant uncertainties, potential delays, significant costs and other risks, and there can be no assurance that any of these alternatives will be available on acceptable terms, or at all, in the current market environment or in the foreseeable future. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s ability to pursue any alternate transaction will depend on, among other things, the Company s business plans, operating performance, investor demand and the condition of the capital markets. The agreements governing the Company s current indebtedness, and that will govern the Company s indebtedness following the Transactions, also contain or will contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on the Company and may limit its ability to engage in any alternate transaction. The Company s failure to consummate the Transactions or to otherwise deleverage could have important consequences, including the following: 
 the Company s ability to continue as a going concern could be adversely affected; 
 the Company s ability to obtain financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements, could be adversely affected; 
 the Company would be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to debt payments instead of for other purposes; 
 the Company s ability to attract and retain employees and capitalize on business opportunities may be adversely affected; 
 the Company could be placed at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that may have less debt; 
 the Company s flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the industry in which the Company competes could be limited; and 
 the Company s vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions could increase. 
 
 The Company s success depends on its ability to maintain the value and reputation of its brand and the success of its strategic partnerships. 
 The Company s brand is integral to its business. Maintaining, promoting and positioning the Company s brand will depend largely on the Company s ability to provide a consistently high-quality member experience and on its marketing and community-building efforts. To the extent its locations, workspace solutions or product or service offerings are perceived to be of low quality or otherwise are not compelling to new and existing members, the Company s ability to maintain a positive brand reputation may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, failure by third parties on whom the Company relies but whose actions it cannot control, such as joint venture partners, general contractors and construction managers who oversee its construction activities, or their respective facilities management staff, to uphold a high and consistent standard of workmanship, ethics, conduct and legal compliance could subject the Company to reputational harm based on their association with it and its brand. 
 The Company believes that much of its reputation depends on word-of-mouth and other non-paid sources of opinion, including on the internet. Unfavorable publicity or consumer perception or experience of the Company s solutions, practices, products or services could adversely affect the Company s reputation, resulting in difficulties in attracting and retaining members, landlords and business partners (including joint venture partners), difficulties in attracting and retaining employees, regulatory scrutiny, litigation, and limiting the success of the Company s community-building efforts and the range of solutions, products and services the Company is able to offer. 
 To the extent that the Company is unable to maintain a positive brand reputation organically and to contend with increased competition, the Company may need to increase or enhance its marketing efforts to attract new members, which would increase its sales and marketing expenses both in absolute terms and as a percentage of its revenue. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The Company may be unable to adequately protect or prevent unauthorized use of its intellectual property rights and the Company may be prevented by third parties from using or registering its intellectual property. 
 To protect its intellectual property rights, the Company relies on a combination of trademark, copyright, trade dress, patent and trade secret protection laws, protective agreements with its employees and third parties and physical and electronic security measures. The Company has obtained a strategic set of intellectual property registrations and applications, including for the WeWork brand, in certain jurisdictions throughout the world. Nevertheless, these applications may not proceed to registration or issuance or otherwise be granted protection. We may not be able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or prevent others from copying or using the Company s intellectual property in certain jurisdictions throughout the world and in jurisdictions where intellectual property laws may not be adequately developed or favorable to the Company. In addition, third parties may attack the Company s trademarks, including the WeWork brand, by opposing said applications or canceling registrations on a variety of bases, including validity and non-use. Third parties have in the past and may, from time to time in the future, claim that the Company is infringing their intellectual property rights or challenge the validity or enforceability of the Company s intellectual property rights, and the Company may not be successful in defending these claims. These claims, even if they are without merit, could result in the prevention of the Company registering or enforcing its intellectual property. These claims can also cause the Company to stop using certain intellectual property and force the Company to rebrand or redesign our marketing, product, or technology. Additionally, the agreements and security measures the Company has in place may be inadequate or otherwise fail to effectively accomplish their protective purposes. In some cases, the Company may need to litigate these claims or negotiate a settlement that can include a monetary payment or license arrangement or cause us to stop using certain intellectual property. This may also trigger certain indemnification provisions in third-party license agreements. The Company may be unable to defend its proprietary rights or prevent infringement or misappropriation without substantial expense to it and negatively impact its intellectual property rights. 
 Third parties may also infringe or misappropriate the Company s intellectual property rights, including the WeWork brand, and the Company may not be successful in asserting intellectual property rights against third parties. There may be instances where we may need to resort to litigation or other proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights. Enforcement of this type can be costly and result in counterclaims or other claims against the Company, including action against our trademark applications and registrations. 
 In addition, we license certain intellectual property rights, including the WeWork brand, to joint venture partners and other third parties, including granting our third-party licensed locations the right to use our intellectual property in connection with their operation of certain locations. If a licensee fails to maintain the quality of the services used in connection with our trademarks, the Company s rights to and the value of our trademarks could be diminished. Failure to maintain, control and protect the WeWork brand and other intellectual property could negatively affect the Company s ability to acquire members, and ultimately, negatively affect our business. If the licensees misuse our intellectual property, then this could lead to third-party claims against the Company and could negatively affect the WeWork brand. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal system in certain foreign jurisdictions, particularly those in certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of trademarks, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection which could make it difficult for the Company to stop the infringement, misappropriation or other violation of its intellectual property rights, or the marketing of competing products or services in violation of its proprietary rights in these jurisdictions. The Company may not prevail in any such proceedings that it initiates and the damages or other remedies awarded to the Company, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 If the measures the Company has taken to protect the WeWork brand and its other proprietary rights are inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or misappropriation by third parties or if the Company is prevented from using intellectual property due to successful third-party claims, the value of the WeWork brand and other intangible assets may be diminished and its business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Cyber-attacks could negatively affect the Company s business. 
 The Company has been in the past and may be in the future subject to attempted or actual cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents targeting the Company s systems and its information. This could result in the breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of our or our members data, including proprietary or confidential business information and the personal data of our members, employees, and other parties. Although we have implemented security measures and processes designed to protect our systems and the information we maintain, we still may not be able to prevent cyber-attacks and security breaches. Any breach of our systems or data, or failure or alleged failure to adequately prevent or mitigate such a breach, could significantly disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and give rise to employees, members or government authorities initiating legal or regulatory actions asserting that the Company violated applicable laws and regulations, potentially resulting in significant costs and liabilities and a loss of business that could be material. 
 The Company is undergoing a transformation in its business plan under new management and there can be no assurances that this new business strategy will be successful. 
 Following the withdrawal of the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 in connection with its attempted initial public offering in 2019, there have been substantial changes in the Company s management and business plan. The Company s new strategic plan emphasizes achieving positive Adjusted EBITDA through expense management and streamlined operations, focusing on optimizing the Company s existing real estate portfolio of domestic and international locations and executing well on its current pipeline of locations before seeking growth opportunities. 
 As part of this plan, beginning in the fall of 2019, the Company began a global review of its locations to optimize its real estate portfolio. This has resulted in strategically executing full or partial lease exits for locations with more limited prospects of profitability. Between December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2022, the Company and its joint venture partners negotiated over 700 lease amendments or exits with landlord partners around the world, resulting in an approximately 10.7 billion reduction to future lease payments and a reduction in total lease security of approximately 3.6 billion, in each case including ChinaCo prior to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation. However, this process is ongoing and there can be no assurance that these efforts will continue to be successful in reducing the Company s overall lease costs. In connection with these optimization efforts, at certain locations the Company has withheld, is withholding, or may in the future withhold rent payments for some period of time. In a small number of cases, the Company s real estate portfolio optimization efforts have resulted in litigation threatened or filed by landlords. As the process continues, additional litigation could result and the Company could be exposed to breach of contract, eviction or other claims that could result in direct and indirect costs to the Company and could result in other operational disruptions that could harm the Company's reputation, brand and results of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company incurred lease-related termination costs in connection with the aforementioned strategic lease terminations, substantially all being equal to or less than the security coverage of each lease. The Company continues to incur such costs and the Company anticipates that there will be additional lease termination fees paid in the future, substantially all of which are expected to be equal to or less than the security coverage of each applicable lease. See the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Results Restructuring and Impairments . In addition, as a result of these lease amendments and exits, there is a risk of potential churn or disruption in the member experience for those that are relocated to a nearby building. See The long- term and fixed-cost nature of the Company s leases may limit its operating flexibility and could adversely affect its liquidity and results of operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s business depends on hiring, developing, retaining and motivating highly skilled and dedicated team members, and failure to do so, including turnover in the Company s senior management and other key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 
 The Company strives to attract, motivate, and retain team members who share a dedication to the member community and the Company s vision, but given the increasingly competitive market for talent, the Company may not be successful in doing so. The Company s U.S.-based team members, including most of its senior management, work for the Company on an at-will basis. Other companies, including competitors, may be successful in recruiting and hiring team members away from the Company, and it may be difficult for the Company to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive terms or at all. 
 In addition, the Company has experienced and may continue to experience operational disruptions in the process of building out a new senior management team. Changes to or turnover among senior management or other key personnel could disrupt the Company s strategic focus or create uncertainty for management, employees, members, partners, landlords and stockholders. These changes, and the potential failure to retain and recruit senior management and other key employees, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations and ability to manage the day-to-day aspects of its business. Unexpected or abrupt departures may result in the failure to effectively transfer institutional knowledge and may impede our ability to act quickly and efficiently in executing our business strategy as we devote resources to recruiting new personnel or transitioning existing personnel to fill those roles. 
 If the Company is unable to effectively manage employee turnover and retain existing key personnel or timely address its hiring needs or successfully integrate new hires, its employee morale, productivity and retention could suffer, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may experience employee turnover as a result of the ongoing "great resignation" occurring throughout the economy. 
 Additionally, the success of each of the Company s new and existing locations depends on its ability to hire and retain dedicated community managers and community team members. If the Company enters new geographic markets and launches new solutions, products and services, the Company may experience difficulty attracting employees in the areas it requires. 
 The Company has reduced and may continue to reduce the overall size of its organization and is likely to experience voluntary attrition, which may present challenges in managing its business. 
 During and since the third quarter of 2019, the Company has implemented reductions in its workforce and may consider further reductions in the future. As of December 31, 2022, on a consolidated basis, we had reduced our global workforce by approximately 70 as compared to the third quarter of 2019 and by approximately 2 as compared to December 31, 2021 through reductions in force, voluntary attrition not replaced, divestitures and joint venture arrangements. These workforce reductions have resulted in and may result in the loss of some longer-term employees and expertise and the reallocation and combination of certain roles and responsibilities across the organization, all of which could adversely affect the Company s operations. Given the complexity and nature of the Company s business, it must continue to implement and improve its managerial, operational and financial systems, manage its locations and continue to recruit and retain qualified personnel. This could be made more challenging by the workforce reductions and additional measures the Company may take to reduce costs. As a result, the Company s management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day strategic and operational activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these organizational changes. Further, workforce reductions and additional cost containment measures may have unintended consequences, such as attrition beyond the Company s intended workforce reductions, reduced employee morale and employment-related litigation. Employees who are not affected by the workforce reductions may seek alternate employment, which could require the Company to obtain additional support at unplanned additional expense. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has significantly moderated and may continue to moderate its growth. 
 The Company s historical growth rates prior to the end of 2019 are not expected to be indicative of its future growth. The Company has significantly moderated and may continue to moderate its growth. The Company plans to continue to open locations in which it has already signed a lease while also negotiating strategic lease restructurings and exits as part of its real estate optimization efforts. The Company s future growth will be driven by a variety of factors, including member demand and the availability of new locations priced at a level that would enable the Company to construct the location and operate it profitably on an individual location basis. As the Company optimizes its real estate portfolio, such opportunities to expand in new and existing geographies may become more limited. 
 If the Company is unable to maintain or negotiate satisfactory arrangements in respect of spaces that it occupies, its ability to service its members may be impaired. 
 Subsidiaries of the Company currently lease real estate for the majority of its locations while the Company is pursuing asset-light arrangements such as management agreements, joint ventures and other occupancy arrangements with real estate owners. The Company may not receive the same possessory rights under such alternative arrangements as it does in a traditional landlord-tenant relationship. Instead, the Company s ability to continue to serve its members at spaces occupied pursuant to these alternative arrangements depends on its relationships with strategic partners. 
 With respect to leases, the Company s renewal options are typically tied to the then-prevailing net effective rent in the open market (typically leases include a floor of the rent then in effect under the lease). As a result, increases in rental rates in the markets in which the Company operates, particularly in those markets where initial terms under its leases are shorter, could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, the Company s ability to extend an expiring lease on favorable terms or to secure an alternate location will depend on then-prevailing conditions in the real estate market, such as overall rental cost increases, competition from other would-be tenants for desirable leased spaces and its relationships with current and prospective building owners and landlords, and may depend on other factors that are not within its control. If the Company is not able to renew or replace an expiring lease, it may incur significant costs related to vacating that space, surrendering or restoring any tenant improvements, and redeveloping whatever alternative space it is able to find in such subregion, if any. The Company s ability to extend an expiring lease on favorable terms may be more difficult as a result of the negative publicity the Company has experienced and the Company's strategic lease restructurings and exits. 
 In addition, if the Company elects to or is forced to vacate a space, it could lose members who purchased memberships based on the design, location or other attributes of that particular space and may not be interested in relocating to the other spaces it has available. Further, landlords could re-lease vacated spaces in competition with the Company s other locations. 
 The Company has engaged in transactions with related parties, and such transactions present possible conflicts of interest and could have an adverse effect on its business and results of operations. 
 The Company has entered into transactions with related parties, including its significant stockholders, former executive officers and current and former directors and other employees. In particular, all transactions between the Company and SBG (including with respect to the Company s debt financing arrangements with SVF II are related party transactions. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amounts outstanding under the Company s debt financing arrangements with SBG included 1.1 billion in outstanding letters of credit issued under the Senior LC Tranche, 350 million outstanding under the Junior LC Tranche and 1.65 billion in outstanding indebtedness under the 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I (each as defined below). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the ability to draw up to 500 million of Secured Notes under the Secured NPA with SVF II, subject to applicable restrictive covenants in the agreements governing the Company s indebtedness. In January 2023, the Company issued and sold 250 million of Secured Notes to SVF II pursuant to the Secured NPA, as a result of 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 which 250 million of commitment remains available under the Secured NPA as of the date hereof (which amount, together with any outstanding Secured Notes issued pursuant to the Secured NPA, will be reduced to approximately 446 million in the aggregate from and after February 2024). In February 2023, the commitment under the Junior LC Tranche was increased to 470 million and the commitment under the Senior LC Tranche was reduced to 960 million . For additional information, see Risks Relating to the Company s Financial Condition The terms of the Company s indebtedness restrict its current and future operations, particularly its ability to respond to changes or take certain actions, including some of which may affect completion of the Company s strategic plan . In March 2023, the Company entered into certain agreements relating to a series of comprehensive Transactions with certain parties, including SVF II and certain affiliates thereof, which, among other things, would result in the exchange of the 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I, for a combination of newly issued New Second Lien Exchangeable Notes, New Third Lien Exchange Notes and shares of Class A Common Stock and the roll over of 300 million of the 500 million commitment from SVF II under the Secured NPA to purchase Secured Notes, including 250 million in aggregate principal amount of Secured Notes currently outstanding, into 300 million of New First Lien Notes, which, at the Company s option, would be issued to SVF II in full and outstanding at the closing of the Transactions or issuable to SVF II from time to time in whole or in part pursuant to a new note purchase agreement. See Item 1. Business The Transactions . The significant amount of indebtedness owed, and expected to be owed following the consummation of the Transactions, by the Company to SBG and commitments from SBG to or for the benefit of the Company could present possible conflicts of interest that could have an adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. In addition, as further described below, SVF II WW Holdings (Cayman) Limited received warrants to purchase additional stock in connection with certain modifications to the debt financings described above, and received warrants to purchase additional stock in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. There are and are likely to continue to be other arrangements in which WeWork and SBG are participants related to taxes, corporate governance, debt financings, expense reimbursement and other operations. SBG and certain of its affiliates are substantial stockholders of WeWork and have substantial influence of matters of corporate governance for WeWork, resulting in possible conflicts of interests. 
 In addition, the Company has in the past entered into several transactions with landlord entities in which an ownership interest is or previously was held by Adam Neumann, the Company s former chief executive officer and a former member of the Company s board of directors. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for additional information. As part of the Company s restructuring, the Company is in ongoing discussions to exit certain leases with related parties. Transactions with any landlord entity in which related parties hold ownership interests present potential for conflicts of interest, as the interests of the landlord entity and its stockholders may not align with the interests of the Company with respect to, for example, the exercise of contractual remedies under these leases, such as the treatment of events of default. As is the case for all lease terminations where there are outstanding tenant improvements amounts owed, any forgiveness of tenant improvements owed for related party transactions is treated as consideration for the terminations. 
 The Company may have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties and these transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may have an adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations or may result in government enforcement actions, investigations or other litigation. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, WeWork adopted a new related party transaction policy that requires the approval of the audit committee for any proposed related party transaction except to the extent that such related party transaction has been approved by the disinterested members of the board of directors of the Company. Following the Business Combination, the Board also formed a special committee of independent directors to review, evaluate and negotiate certain transactions involving SBG given its and its affiliates' ownership interests in the Company and representation on the Board. 
 Additionally, the Company has agreed to indemnify certain of its current and former directors and executive officers and stockholders under the WeWork Amended and Restated Certificate of 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation (the "Charter") and various other agreements. In 2022, the Company agreed to reimburse certain indemnified parties for certain legal expenses incurred and may be required to pay more in legal fees related to these indemnifications in the future. These indemnification arrangements and associated payments may have an adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. 
 The Company has entered into an agreement that grants Mr. Neumann board observer rights, although Mr. Neumann has not exercised such rights to-date. Beginning on February 26, 2022, Mr. Neumann, or if requested by SBG, a designee of Mr. Neumann s (who shall be subject to SBG s approval), shall have the right to observe meetings of WeWork s board of directors (and certain committees thereof) in a non-voting observer capacity. Mr. Neumann, or his designee, is also entitled to copies of written materials provided to directors, subject to certain conditions as set forth in the agreement. Mr. Neumann s observer rights shall terminate when he ceases to beneficially own equity securities of WeWork (including WeWork Partnership Class A Common Units) representing at least 15,720,950 shares of WeWork Class A Common Stock (on an as-converted basis and as adjusted for stock splits, dividends and the like). 
 Although we expect that Mr. Neumann or his representative may express views or may ask questions at board meetings, there is no contractual entitlement beyond attending such meetings in a customary nonvoting observer capacity, and the Company's board and committee meetings would be presided over by the relevant chairpersons and subject to such procedures governing conduct of the meeting as may be adopted by the board or relevant committee. The agreement governing the observer right does not entitle Mr. Neumann to participate in any conversations among directors outside of formal meetings of our board and its applicable committees. Similarly, the agreement does not give Mr. Neumann the right to influence decisions to be made or actions to be taken by the WeWork board or committees. Mr. Neumann will participate in meetings of the WeWork board and its applicable committees as a nonvoting board observer not as a director. 
 The agreement governing the observer right requires that Mr. Neumann or his representative agree to hold in confidence all information provided under such agreement. WeWork has also reserved the right under such agreement to withhold information and exclude Mr. Neumann or his representative from any meeting or portion thereof to the extent reasonably likely to adversely affect the attorney-client privilege between WeWork and its counsel or result in disclosure of trade secrets or a conflict of interest, or if there has been a violation of Mr. Neumann s restrictive covenant obligations to WeWork. 
 A significant part of the Company s international growth strategy and international operations may be conducted through joint ventures or other management arrangements. 
 The Company s international growth strategy includes and has historically included entering into joint ventures or franchise agreements in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as Latin America, Israel, Greater China, Japan, South Africa and the broader Asia-Pacific region. The Company s success in these regions is therefore partially dependent on third parties whose actions the Company cannot control. 
 Certain changes to those arrangements occurred during 2020. In April 2020, the Company closed the PacificCo Roll-up (as defined below) and issued 28,489,311 shares of convertible Legacy WeWork Series H-1 Preferred Stock to SVF Endurance (Cayman) Limited ("SVFE"), making WeWork Asia Holding Company B.V. PacificCo a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 On September 3, 2020, affiliates of Trustbridge Partners ("TBP") signed definitive investment documentation with WeWork Greater China Holding Company B.V. ("ChinaCo") and its shareholders pursuant to which (i) certain affiliates of TBP agreed to invest 200 million in ChinaCo in exchange for newly issued preference shares of ChinaCo and (ii) other ChinaCo shareholders (including the Company and SVFE) agreed to have their interests in ChinaCo restructured (the Trustbridge Transaction ). The initial closing of the Trustbridge Transaction occurred on October 2, 2020, resulting in affiliates of TBP becoming the controlling and largest shareholders of ChinaCo. The Company s joint venture with affiliated investment funds of SVFE in Japan is expected to continue. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Separately, the Company intends, as part of its strategic plan, to pursue additional joint ventures and other strategic partnerships, including management agreements and alternative deal structures with variable rent. In particular, the Company is building a framework to further support joint venture, franchise, and/or licensing arrangements under which it may transfer a controlling equity interest in its operations in certain markets to a local partner while earning a percentage of revenue from, and in some cases r etaining minority ownership in, such operations. For example, in June 2021, we closed a transaction with Ampa Group Ampa ), one of the leading real estate companies in Israel, pursuant to which Ampa will have the exclusive right to operate WeWork s business in Israel (the Israel Transaction ). In September 2021, an affiliate of SBG and the Company also closed on the formation of a new joint venture LatamCo to operate the Company s businesses in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile and Argentina under the WeWork brand and in February 2022 the Company's business in Costa Rica became part of LatamCo. In March 2023, we closed a transaction with SiSebenza group SiSebenza ), a pan-African real estate investor, pursuant to which SiSebenza will assume ownership of WeWork s existing business in South Africa and will have exclusive rights to operate and grow the WeWork franchise across South Africa, Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, Mauritius and (the Africa Transaction ). 
 
 The Company s partners in these joint ventures and other arrangements may have interests that differ from those of the Company, and the Company may disagree with its partners as to the resolution of a particular issue or as to the management or conduct of the business in general. These arrangements may also carry high inherent anti-corruption compliance risk and lead to anti-corruption violations and related enforcement actions. In addition, the Company has entered into and may continue to enter into agreements that provide its partners with exclusivity or other preemptive rights in agreed-upon geographic areas, which may limit the Company s ability to pursue business opportunities in the manner that the Company desires. Generally, in a joint venture or franchise relationship, we have undertaken not to operate our business in the specific region other than through the party who has entered into an agreement with WeWork. These agreements also generally contain non-compete provisions whereby we agree not to compete with the counterparty in the applicable region and agree to provide an opportunity for the counterparty to participate in new ventures launched by the Company in the applicable region. 
 The Company s strategic business plan includes, among other elements, optimization of its real estate portfolio and the development of a joint venture model, and any such optimization and joint venture efforts may not be successful. 
 As part of the Company s strategic plan, it intends to pursue growth through localized, market-driven models. In particular, the Company intends to pursue joint venture or franchise arrangements in which the Company licenses, for a fee to an operator of flexible space in a location in which we do not operate, the use of the WeWork technology and services for managing and powering flexible work spaces and access to our customer base. These business models are unproven and there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in these efforts. 
 Some of the counterparty risks the Company faces with respect to its members are heightened in the case of Enterprise Members. 
 Enterprise Members, which often sign membership agreements with longer terms and for a greater number of memberships than other non-Enterprise Members, accounted for 46 , 48 , and 49 of the Company s total membership and service revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 , and 2020 , respectively. Memberships attributable to Enterprise Members generally account for a high proportion of the Company s revenue at a particular location, and some of its locations are occupied by just one Enterprise Member. In addition, increasing Enterprise Members is a continuing part of the Company s overall strategy. A default by an Enterprise Member under its agreement with the Company could cause a significant reduction in the operating cash flow generated by the location where that Enterprise Member is situated. The Company would also incur certain costs following an unexpected vacancy by an Enterprise Member. Given the greater amount of space generally occupied by any Enterprise Member relative to the Company s other members, the time and effort required to execute a definitive agreement with an Enterprise Member is greater than the time and effort required to execute membership agreements with individuals or small- or mid-sized businesses, and accordingly, replacing an 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Enterprise Member after an unexpected vacancy by such Enterprise Member could require a significant amount of the Company s time, energy and resources. In addition, in some instances, the Company offers configured solutions that require it to customize the workspace to the specific needs and brand aesthetics of the Enterprise Member, which may increase its build-out costs and its net capital expenditures per workstation added. If Enterprise Members were to delay commencement of their membership agreements, fail to make membership fee payments when due, declare bankruptcy or otherwise default on their obligations to the Company, the Company may be forced to terminate the membership agreements of such Enterprise Members with the Company, which could result in sunk costs and transaction costs that are difficult or impossible for the Company to recover. 
 The Company is exposed to risks associated with the development and construction of the spaces it occupies. 
 Opening new locations subjects the Company to risks that are associated with development projects in general, such as delays in construction, contract disputes and claims, fines or penalties levied by government authorities relating to the Company s construction activities, and reliance on third parties for products used in the Company s locations. The Company may also experience delays opening a new location as a result of delays by the building owners or landlords in completing their base building work or as a result of its inability to obtain, or delays in its obtaining, all necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations. The Company traditionally has sought to open new locations on the first day of a month and delays, even if the delay only lasts a few days, can cause it to defer opening a new location by a full month. Failure to open a location on schedule may damage the Company s reputation and brand and may also cause it to incur expenses in order to rent and provide temporary space for its members or to provide those members with discounted membership fees. 
 In developing its spaces, the Company generally relies on the continued availability and satisfactory performance of unaffiliated third-party general contractors and subcontractors to perform the actual construction work and, in many cases, to select and obtain certain building materials, including in some cases from sole- source suppliers of such materials. As a result, the timing and quality of the development of the Company's occupied spaces depends on the performance of these third parties on the Company s behalf. 
 The Company does not have long-term contractual commitments with general contractors, subcontractors or materials suppliers, except for pricing agreements with certain major materials suppliers. The prices the Company pays for the labor or materials provided by these third parties, or other construction-related costs, could unexpectedly increase, which could have an adverse effect on the viability of the projects the Company pursues and on its results of operations and liquidity. Skilled parties and high-quality materials may not continue to be available at reasonable rates in the markets in which the Company pursues its construction activities. 
 In addition, the Company sources some of the products that it uses in its spaces from third-party suppliers. Although the Company tests the products it purchases from these third-party suppliers, the Company may not be able to identify any or all defects associated with those products. If a member or other third party were to suffer an injury from the products the Company uses in its space, the Company may suffer damage to its reputation, and may be exposed to possible liability. 
 The people the Company engages in connection with a construction project are subject to the usual hazards associated with providing construction and related services on construction project sites, which can cause personal injury and loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, plant and equipment, and environmental damage. The Company s insurance coverage may be inadequate in scope or coverage amount to fully compensate it for any losses it may incur arising from any such events at a construction site it operates or oversees. In some cases, general contractors and their subcontractors may use improper construction practices or defective materials. Improper construction practices or defective materials can result in the need to perform extensive repairs to the Company s spaces, loss of revenue 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 during the repairs and, potentially, personal injury or death. The Company also can suffer damage to its reputation, and may be exposed to possible liability, if these third parties fail to comply with applicable laws. 
 The Company incurs costs relating to the maintenance, refurbishment and remediation of its spaces. 
 The terms of its leases generally require that the Company ensure that the spaces it occupies are kept in good repair throughout the term of the lease. The terms of its leases may also require that the Company remove certain fixtures and improvements to the space or return the space to the landlord at the end of the lease term in the same condition it was delivered to the Company, which, in such instances, will require removing all fixtures and improvements to the space at the end of the lease term. The costs associated with this maintenance, removal and repair work may be significant and vary depending on the lease. 
 The Company also anticipates that it will be required to periodically refurbish its spaces to keep pace with the changing needs of its members. Extensive refurbishments may be more costly and time-consuming than the Company expects and may adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. The Company s member experience may be adversely affected if extensive refurbishments disrupt its operations at its locations. 
 Supply chain interruptions and certain payment processes may increase the Company s costs or reduce its revenues. 
 The Company depends on the effectiveness of its supply chain management systems to ensure reliable and sufficient supply, on reasonably favorable terms, of materials used in its construction and development and operating activities, such as furniture, lighting, millwork, wood flooring, security equipment and consumables. The materials the Company purchases and uses in the ordinary course of its business are sourced from a wide variety of suppliers around the world. Disruptions in the supply chain have resulted and may continue to result from the COVID-19 pandemic, and may also result from weather-related events, natural disasters, pandemics, trade restrictions, tariffs, border controls, acts of war, terrorist attacks, third-party strikes or ineffective cross dock operations, work stoppages or slowdowns, shipping capacity constraints, supply or shipping interruptions or other factors beyond the Company's control. In the event of disruptions in the Company s existing supply chain, the labor and materials it relies on in the ordinary course of its business may not be available at reasonable rates or at all. In some cases, the Company may rely on a single source for procurement of construction materials, services or other supplies in a given region. Any disruption in the supply of certain materials could disrupt operations at the Company s existing locations or significantly delay its opening of a new location, which may cause harm to its reputation and results of operations. 
 In addition, third-party suppliers may require payment upfront or deposits. As a result, the Company may not be able to obtain the most favorable pricing, which may increase the Company s costs or reduce its revenues. Additionally, lowered credit limits provided by a number of the Company s suppliers may limit its purchasing power. 
 If the Company s pricing and related promotional and marketing plans are not effective, its business and prospects may be negatively affected. 
 The Company s business and prospects depend on the impact of pricing and related promotional and marketing plans and its ability to adjust these plans to respond quickly to economic and competitive conditions. If the Company s pricing and related promotional and marketing plans are not successful, or are not as successful as those of competitors, its revenue, membership base and market share could decrease, thereby adversely impacting its results of operations. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our securities may be harmed. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to Section 404 ("Section 404") of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rul es adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, our management is required to report on the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we were a smaller reporting company as defined under the Exchange Act and, as a non-accelerated filer, we were not yet subject to the requirement under Section 404 that our auditor deliver an attestation report on the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting . Following our transition to accelerated filer status, we are required to include in this Form 10-K an attestation report on the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not have adequate, accurate or timely financial information, and we may be unable to meet our reporting obligations as a public company or comply with the requirements of the SEC or Section 404. This could result in a restatement of our financial statements, the imposition of sanctions, including the inability of registered broker dealers to make a market in our common stock, or investigation by regulatory authorities. Any such action or other negative results caused by our inability to meet our reporting requirements or comply with legal and regulatory requirements or by disclosure of an accounting, reporting or control issue could adversely affect the trading price of our securities and our business. Material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could also reduce our ability to obtain financing or could increase the cost of any financing we obtain. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 
 Additionally, we do not expect that our internal control systems, even if deemed effective and well established, will prevent all errors and all fraud. Internal control systems, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. 
 The Company relies on a combination of proprietary and third-party technology systems to support its business and member experience, and, if these systems experience difficulties, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
 The Company uses a combination of proprietary technology and technology provided by third-party service providers to support its business and its member experience. For example, the WeWork app, which the Company developed in-house but which incorporates third-party and open source software, connects local communities and develops and deepens connections among its members, both at particular spaces and across its global network. 
 The Company also uses technology of third-party service providers to help manage the daily operations of its business. For example, the Company relies on its own internal systems as well as those of third-party service providers to process membership payments and other payments from its members. 
 To the extent the Company experiences difficulties in the development or operation of technologies and systems the Company uses to manage the daily operations of its business or that the Company makes available to its members, the Company s ability to operate its business, retain existing members and attract new members may be impaired. The Company may not be able to attract and retain sufficiently skilled and experienced technical or operations personnel and third-party contractors to operate and maintain these technologies and systems, and its current product and service offerings may not continue to be, and new product and service offerings may not be, supported by the applicable third-party service providers on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Moreover, the Company may be subject to claims by third parties who maintain that its service providers technology infringes the third party s intellectual property rights. Although the Company s agreements with its third-party service providers often contain indemnities in the Company s favor with respect to these eventualities, the Company may not be indemnified for these claims or the Company may not be successful in obtaining indemnification to which the Company is entitled. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Also, any harm to the Company's members or third party service providers personal computers or other devices caused by its or a third party service provider s software, such as the WeWork app, WiFi or other sources of harm, such as hackers or computer viruses, could have an adverse effect on the member experience, the Company s reputation and its results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company uses third-party open source software components, which may pose particular risks to its proprietary software, technologies, products and services in a manner that could negatively affect the Company s business. 
 The Company uses open source software in its WeWork app and other services and will continue to use open source software in the future. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. To the extent that the Company s services depend upon the successful operation of open source software, any undetected errors or defects in this open source software could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our app or other services and injure our reputation. 
 Some open source licenses contain requirements that licensees make available source code for modifications or derivative works created based upon the type of open source software used, or grant other licenses to intellectual property. If the Company combines its proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, it could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release or license the source code of its proprietary software to the public. From time to time, the Company may be subject to claims claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the source code for such open source software, the software and/or derivative works that are developed using such open source licensed software, requiring the Company to provide attributions of any open source software incorporated into its distributed software, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could also result in litigation, require the Company to purchase a costly license or require the Company to devote additional resources to re-engineer its software or change its products or services, any of which could have an adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. 
 If the Company s proprietary information or data it collects and stores, particularly billing and personal data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons, the Company s reputation, competitive advantage and relationships with its members could be harmed and its business could be materially adversely affected. 
 The Company generates and processes significant amounts of proprietary, sensitive and otherwise confidential information relating to its business and operations, including confidential and personal data relating to its members, potential members, suppliers, business partners, employees and potential employees. The data are maintained on the Company s own systems as well as the systems of third-party service providers. 
 Similar to other companies, the Company s information technology systems face the threat of insider threats or cyber-attacks, such as security breaches, exfiltration, phishing scams, malware and denial-of-service attacks. The Company s systems or the systems of its third-party service providers could experience unauthorized intrusions or inadvertent data breaches, which could result in the exposure or destruction of the Company s proprietary information or members data and the disruption of business operations. 
 Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against the Company or its service providers, the Company and its service providers may be unable to anticipate these attacks or implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, any party who is able to illicitly obtain identification and password credentials could potentially gain unauthorized access to the Company s systems or the systems of its third-party service providers. If any such event occurs, the Company may have to spend significant capital 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 and other resources to notify affected individuals, regulators and others as required under applicable law, mitigate the impact of the event and develop and implement protections to prevent future events of that nature from occurring. From time to time, employees make mistakes with respect to security policies that are not always immediately detected by compliance policies and procedures. These can include errors in software implementation or a failure to follow protocols and patch systems. Employee errors, even if promptly discovered and remediated, may disrupt operations or result in unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. The Company has experienced unauthorized breaches of its systems in the past, which the Company believes did not have a material effect on its business. 
 If a data security incident occurs, or is perceived to have occurred, the Company may be the subject of negative publicity and the perception of the effectiveness of its security measures and its reputation may be harmed, which could damage the Company s relationships and result in the loss of existing or potential members and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. In addition, even if there is no compromise of member information, the Company could incur significant regulatory fines, be the subject of litigation or enforcement proceedings or face other claims. In addition, the Company s insurance coverage may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover it against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related data and system incidents. 
 If new operating rules or interpretations of existing rules are adopted regarding the processing of credit cards and the Company is unable to comply with such new rules or interpretations, the Company could lose the ability to give members the option to make electronic payments, which could result in the loss of existing or potential members and adversely affect the Company's business. 
 The Company s reputation, competitive advantage, financial position and relationships with its members could be materially harmed if the Company is unable to comply with complex and evolving data protection and privacy laws and regulations, and the costs and resources required to achieve compliance may have a materially adverse impact on its business. 
 The processing, collecting, and use of personal data is governed by privacy laws and regulations enacted in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. These laws and regulations continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Having to comply with varying privacy laws and regulations increases the cost and complexity of doing business. 
 For example, the Company is subject to the European Union s EU and United Kingdom s UK General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ). The GDPR imposes significant obligations on entities that process personal data originating in the European Economic Area. Because the EU and UK GDPR are still relatively recent, their interpretation continues to evolve, leading to significant uncertainty concerning their interpretation and enforcement. Brazil, South Africa, and several other countries have enacted similar data protection laws. 
 European Union EU legislators are preparing a new privacy regulation to amend and replace the ePrivacy Directive (2002/58/EC). This change in the law on an EU level may have significant impact on the legal requirements for electronic communication including the operation of and user interaction with websites (such as possibly requiring browsers to block access and use of device data and storage by default) and the placement of cookies and similar technologies. Other governmental authorities in the markets in which the Company operates are also considering additional and potentially diverging legislative and regulatory proposals that would increase the level and complexity of regulation on Internet display, disclosure and advertising activities. Additionally, there is currently increased attention on cookies and tracking technologies in Europe and elsewhere, with EU regulators taking a strict approach to enforcement in this area. These changes could lead to substantial costs, require system changes, limit the effectiveness of the Company s marketing activities and subject the Company to additional liabilities. 
 The persistent uncertainty about data transfers from the EU and what transfer mechanisms and safeguards are compliant with the GDPR presents a challenge to all entities who transfer data outside the US, including the Company. This uncertainty could lead to non-compliance resulting in governmental 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 
 Additionally, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which provides enhanced data privacy rights for consumers and new operational requirements for companies, was further expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act, with the majority of the new provisions becoming effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA gives California residents the right to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is collected, used, and shared. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, and creates a private right of action for security breaches that could lead to consumer class actions and other litigation against the Company. Other U.S. states have adopted or are in the process of considering legislation similar to California s legislation, and the U.S. Congress is considering such legislation. This trend may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment in resources to compliance programs, and could impact strategies and availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies. In addition, these legal authorities co-exist with general consumer protection and privacy laws that are actively enforced in connection with privacy and data protection that affect commerce, and there are a number of private lawsuits that have been filed in the U.S. under various common law and statutory legal theories based on the placement of cookies and similar technologies and other privacy practices. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by these and other international data privacy laws could have a materially adverse impact on the Company s business. Any failure or perceived failure by the Company to comply with U.S. or international data privacy and security laws, including requirements around data subject rights, data transfers, data deletion, and appropriate controls, could expose the Company to regulatory enforcement actions, fines, private lawsuits or reputational damage. 
 Failure to comply with marketing and consumer protection laws could result in fines or restrict the Company s business practices. 
 The Company is expanding its business through new digital and e-commerce products. The Company may not be in compliance with consumer protection laws (such as Procuraduria Federal del Consumidor and Restore Online Shoppers Confidence Act), unfair contract clauses, sales, marketing and advertising laws or other similar laws in certain jurisdictions. These laws, as well as any changes in these laws, could negatively affect current or planned digital and e-commerce product offerings and subject the Company to regulatory review and fines and an increase in lawsuits. Consumer protection laws may be interpreted or applied by regulatory authorities in a manner that could require the Company to make changes to its operations or incur fines, penalties, litigation or settlement expenses and refunds which may result in harm to its business. 
 The Company has not obtained and may not obtain all regulatory approvals from government agencies and may not be in compliance with telecommunications laws associated with the Company s anticipated product offerings prior to marketing and launching these products in certain jurisdictions. If the Company does not comply with any current or future state regulations that apply to its business, the Company could be subject to substantial fines and penalties and may have to restructure its product offerings, exit certain markets, or raise the price of its products, any of which could ultimately harm its business and results of operations. Any enforcement action by the regulators, which may be a public process, could hurt the Company s reputation in the industry, impair its ability to sell products to its customers and harm its business. 
 The Company plans to continue operating its business in markets outside the United States, which will subject it to risks associated with operating in foreign jurisdictions. 
 Expanding operations into markets outside the United States was historically an important part of the Company s growth strategy. The Company expects that operations in markets outside the United States will continue to represent a significant portion of its business in the coming years. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 While the Company plans to prioritize operating internationally in certain markets through localized, market-driven models, including through joint ventures, the success and profitability of its business in non-U.S. markets will continue to depend on its ability to attract local members. The solutions, products and services the Company, or its joint venture partners, offers or determines to offer in the future may not appeal to potential members in all markets in the same way it appeals to its members in markets where the Company currently operates. In addition, local competitors may have a substantial competitive advantage over the Company in a given market because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, individuals and organizations in that market, as well as their more established local infrastructure and brands. The Company may also be unable to hire, train, retain and manage the personnel the Company requires in order to manage its international operations effectively, on a timely basis or at all, which may limit the Company s ability to operate effectively in these markets and negatively impact its financial performance in these markets. Further, the Company may experience variability in the terms of its leases (including rent per square foot) and in its capital expenditures as the Company moves into new markets. 
 Operating in international markets, which may require operating through new localized, market-driven models in accordance with the Company s strategic plan, requires significant resources and management attention and subjects the Company to regulatory, economic and political risks that may be different from and incremental to those that the Company faces in the United States, including: 
 the need to adapt the design and features of its locations and products and services to accommodate specific cultural norms and language differences; 
 difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws and regulations in foreign jurisdictions, including local labor laws, tax laws, environmental regulations and rules and regulations related to occupancy of its locations; 
 varying local building codes and regulations relating to building design, construction, safety, environmental protection and related matters; 
 significant reliance on third parties with whom the Company may engage in joint ventures, strategic alliances or ordinary course contracting relationships whose interests and incentives may be adverse to or different from the Company s or may be unknown to the Company; 
 varying laws, rules, regulations and practices regarding protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights, including trademarks; 
 varying marketing and consumer protection laws, regulations and related practices; 
 laws and regulations regarding consumer and data protection, telecommunications requirements, privacy and security, and encryption that may be more restrictive than comparable laws and regulations in the United States; 
 corrupt or unethical practices in foreign jurisdictions that may subject the Company to compliance costs, including competitive disadvantages, or exposure under applicable anti-corruption and anti- bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA 
 compliance with applicable export and import controls and economic and trade sanctions, such as sanctions administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and compliance with foreign exchange controls and limitations on repatriation of funds; and 
 unpredictable disruptions as a result of security threats or political or social unrest and economic instability. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Finally, continued expansion in markets outside the United States may require significant financial and other investments. These investments include developing relationships with local partners and third-party service providers, property sourcing and leasing, marketing to attract and retain new members, developing localized infrastructure and services, further developing corporate capabilities able to support operations and international trade compliance in multiple countries, and potentially entering into strategic transactions with companies based outside the United States and integrating those companies with the Company s existing operations. If the Company continues to invest time and resources to expand its operations outside the United States, but cannot manage these risks effectively, the costs of doing business in those markets, including the investment of management attention, may be prohibitive, or the Company s expenses may increase disproportionately to the revenue generated in those markets. 
 As the Company continues to grow in new and existing markets using varying models, certain metrics may be impacted by the geographic mix of its locations. While the Company intends to pursue profitable growth in accordance with its strategic plan, the Company s overall results of operations could be negatively impacted if lower margin markets, including markets such as Latin America and Southeast Asia, were to become a larger portion of the Company s real estate portfolio. Margins may also be negatively impacted by an increase in the percentage of the real estate portfolio subject to joint venture arrangements, which may reduce the Company s down-side risk but could also limit up-side potential as we share in profits with our partners. 
 The Company faces risks arising from strategic transactions such as acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures , strategic partnerships and other similar arrangements that it evaluates, pursues and undertakes. 
 The Company periodically evaluates potential strategic transactions such as acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, strategic partnerships and other similar arrangements, and it has historically pursued and undertaken certain of those opportunities. The process of acquiring and integrating another company or technology or entering into a strategic partnership alliance or joint venture could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and could entail unforeseen liabilities that are not recoverable under the relevant transaction agreements or otherwise. 
 On March 1, 2022, WeWork closed the acquisition of Common Desk, a Dallas-based coworking operator with 23 locations in Texas and North Carolina, that operates a majority of its locations under asset-light management agreements with landlords to minimize operational and capital expenses. There can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Common Desk. 
 The Company also previously divested certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with its strategic direction or growth targets, including businesses that the Company had acquired. For example, the Company has divested several non-core businesses, including Meetup Holdings, Inc. ("Meetup"), Managed by Q Inc. ("Managed by Q"), Flatiron School LLC and its affiliates ("Flatiron"), Effective Technology Solutions, Inc.("SpaceIQ"), Teem Technologies, Inc. ("Teem"), Conductor Inc. ("Conductor") and Fieldlens. 
 Furthermore, t o streamline operations and facilitate asset-light expansion outside of the United States, the Company sometimes enters into joint ventures, strategic partnerships and other similar arrangements in which the Company licenses, for a fee, to an operator of flexible space in a location in which we do not operate, the use of WeWork s technology and services for managing and powering flexible work spaces and access to our customer base . Currently, our operations in China, India, Israel, Japan, South Africa and certain countries in Latin America operate pursuant to such arrangements. 
 The transactions described above involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: 
 inability to find potential sellers, buyers or partners for acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures , strategic partnerships and other similar arrangements ; 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 inability to obtain favorable terms for the Company s acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures , strategic partnerships and other similar arrangements ; 
 failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to buyers or partners; 
 requirements that the Company retain or indemnify sellers, buyers or partners against certain liabilities and obligations; 
 the possibility that the Company will become subject to third-party claims arising out of such acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures , strategic partnerships or other similar arrangements ; 
 inability to reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business or in markets where the Company enters into a joint venture arrangement, strategic partnership or other similar arrangement; 
 disruption of the Company s ongoing business and distraction of management; 
 loss of key employees who leave as a result of an acquisition, divestiture, joint venture , strategic partnership and other similar arrangement ; and 
 loss of members from WeWork locations to other flex workspace providers in similar locations. 
 Because acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, strategic partnerships and other similar arrangements are inherently risky, the transactions may not be successful and may, in some cases, harm the Company s operating results or financial condition and we may not realize the benefits of any such transactions. In addition, such transactions may negatively affect our operating results, dilute our stockholders ownership, increase our debt or cause us to incur significant expense. 
 The Company has entered into certain agreements that may limit its ability to directly acquire ownership interests in properties, and its control and joint ownership of certain properties with third-party investors may create conflicts of interest. 
 The Company holds an ownership interest in the WeCap Investment Group, its real estate acquisition and management platform, through its majority ownership of the general partner and manager entities that manage the activities of real estate acquisition vehicles managed or sponsored by the WeCap Investment Group. In connection with the establishment of the real estate investment platform, WeCap Investment Group, the Company agreed that WeCap Holdings Partnership would be the exclusive general partner and WeWork Capital Advisors LLC would be the exclusive investment manager for any real estate acquisition vehicles managed by, or otherwise affiliated with, the Company and its controlled affiliates and associated persons. The Company also agreed to make commercial real estate and other real estate-related investment opportunities that meet WeCap Investment Group s mandate available to the WeCap Investment Group on a first-look basis, with certain limited exceptions. Because of these requirements, which are in effect at least until there are no real estate acquisition vehicles managed or sponsored by the WeCap Investment Group that are actively deploying capital, the Company may be required to acquire ownership interests in properties through the WeCap Investment Group that the Company otherwise could have acquired through one of its operating subsidiaries, which may prevent the Company from realizing the full benefit of certain attractive real estate opportunities. 
 Additionally, the WeCap Investment Group primarily focuses on acquiring, developing and managing properties that the WeCap Investment Group believes could benefit from the Company s occupancy or involvement, and the Company expects a subsidiary to occupy or be involved with a meaningful portion of the properties acquired by real estate acquisition vehicles managed or sponsored by the WeCap Investment Group. The Company s ownership interest in the WeCap Investment Group may create situations where its interests with respect to the exercise of the WeCap Investment Group s management rights in respect of assets owned or controlled by the WeCap Investment Group, as well as the WeCap Investment Group s duties to limited partners or similar members in real estate acquisition vehicles 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 managed or sponsored by the WeCap Investment Group, may be in conflict with the Company s own independent economic interests as a tenant and operator of its locations. For example, conflicts may arise in connection with decisions regarding the structure and terms of the leases entered into between the Company and the WeCap Investment Group, tenant improvement allowances, or guarantee or termination provisions. Conflicts of interest may also arise in connection with the exercise of contractual remedies under such leases, such as treatment of events of default. 
 The Company s ownership interest in the WeCap Investment Group may impact its financial condition and results of operations. 
 WeCap Investment Group s financial performance is significantly correlated with the activities of real estate acquisition vehicles managed or sponsored by the WeCap Investment Group, and a significant portion of any income to the WeCap Investment Group is expected to be received, if at all, at the end of the holding period for one or more given assets or the term of one or more given real estate acquisition vehicles. In addition, a broad range of events or circumstances could cause any real estate acquisition vehicle managed or sponsored by the WeCap Investment Group to fail to meet its objectives. In light of the long-dated and uncertain nature of any income to the WeCap Investment Group, the WeCap Investment Group s financial performance may be more variable than the Company expects, both from period to period and overall. Accordingly, because of the Company s ownership interest in the WeCap Investment Group, the WeCap Investment Group s performance and activities, including the nature and timing of the WeCap Investment Group transactions, may affect the comparability of the Company s financial condition and results of operations from period to period, in each case to the extent required to be directly included in its Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 Additionally, although the Company does not generally expect this to be the case, investments through real estate acquisition vehicles managed or sponsored by the WeCap Investment Group may require that the Company directly incur or guarantee debt, which the Company expects will typically be through loans secured by assets or properties that the WeCap Investment Group acquires. For example, an entity in which the Company previously held an interest with the WeCap Investment Group and others incurred a secured loan to purchase certain property in New York City in 2019, which the Company had leased from that entity. Until the secured loan was repaid in connection with the sale of the property in March 2020, it was recourse to WeWork Companies LLC and Legacy WeWork in certain limited circumstances, and WeWork Companies LLC and Legacy WeWork also provided performance guarantees relating to the lease and development of that property. 
 The Company may not be able to compete effectively with others. 
 While the Company considers itself to be a leader in the flexible space market, with one of the largest real estate portfolios and core competencies in finding, building, filling and operating new locations, the growing shift toward flexible office space may encourage people to launch competing flexible workspace offerings. If new companies decide to launch competing solutions in the markets in which the Company operates, or if any existing competitors obtain a large-scale capital investment, the Company may face increased competition for members. 
 In addition, some of the services the Company offers or plans to offer are provided by one or more large, national or international companies, as well as by regional and local companies of varying sizes and resources, some of which may have accumulated substantial goodwill in their markets. Some of the Company s competitors may also be better capitalized than the Company is, have access to better lease terms than it does, have operations in more jurisdictions than the Company does or be able or willing to provide services at a lower price than the Company is. The Company s inability to compete effectively in growing or maintaining its membership base could hinder its growth or adversely impact its operating results. 
 The Company s limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate its current business and future prospects. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s limited operating history and the evolution of its business make it difficult to accurately assess its future prospects. It may not be possible to discern fully the economic and other business trends that the Company is subject to. Elements of its business strategy are new and subject to ongoing development as its operations mature. In addition, it may be difficult to evaluate the Company s business because there are few other companies that offer the same or a similar range of solutions, products and services as the Company does. 
 Certain of the measures the Company uses to evaluate its financial and operating performance are subject to inherent challenges in measurement and may be impacted by subjective determinations and not necessarily by changes in its business. 
 The Company tracks certain operational metrics, including key performance indicators such as memberships and projections, with internal systems and tools that are not independently verified by any third party. Certain of the Company s operational metrics are also based on assumptions or estimates of future events. In particular, the number of open locations, pre-opening locations and pipeline locations is compiled from a number of data sources depending on the phase of the location within the lifecycle that the Company attributes to its locations. For open locations, workstation capacity for shared workspace offerings, which account for a subset of its standard workspace solutions, is estimated on a location-by-location basis by its design and regional community teams based on demand and the characteristics and distinct local personality of the relevant community. Meanwhile, for pre-opening and pipeline locations, workstation capacity is estimated by its real estate and design teams based on its building information modeling software, and includes estimated workstation capacity for locations that are the subject of a draft term sheet or lease that may not result in a signed lease agreement or an open location. 
 The Company s internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and its methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how the Company measures data or with respect to the data that the Company measures may affect its understanding of certain details of its business, which could affect its long-term strategies. If the internal systems and tools the Company uses to track these metrics understate or overstate performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data the Company reports may not be accurate. If the Company discovers material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, its reputation may be significantly harmed, and its results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 If the Company s employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage or interruption or seek to unionize, the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. 
 If disputes with the Company s employees arise, or if its workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage or interruption or seek to unionize, the Company could experience a significant disruption of, or inefficiencies in, its operations or incur higher labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, some of the Company s employees outside of the United States are represented or may seek to be represented by a labor union or workers council. 
 The Company is subject to litigation, investigations and other legal proceedings which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company has in the past been, is currently and expects to continue in the future to be a party to or involved in pre-litigation disputes, individual actions, putative class actions or other collective actions, U.S. and foreign government regulatory inquiries and investigations and various other legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business, including with members, employees, landlords and other commercial partners, securityholders, third-party license holders, competitors, government agencies and regulatory agencies, among others. For a description of certain pending legal proceedings and ongoing regulatory matters not in the ordinary course of business, see the section entitled Legal Matters in Note 26 of the notes to WeWork s Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 and the sections entitled Risks Relating to the Company's Business The long-term and fixed- cost nature of the Company s leases may limit the Company s operating flexibility and could adversely affect its liquidity and results of operations . and The Company is undergoing a transformation in its business plan under new management and there can be no assurances that this new business strategy will be successful. 
 Management intends to vigorously defend these cases and cooperate in these investigations. However, there is a reasonable possibility that the Company could be unsuccessful in defending these claims and could incur a loss. It is not currently possible to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss above the aggregated reserves. The Company also cannot offer any assurances regarding the scope of these investigations, the nature of any actions that these or other regulatory parties will take, or the timing within which they will be resolved. 
 Negative publicity may lead to additional investigations or lawsuits. Often these cases raise complex factual and legal issues, and the result of any such litigation, investigation or other legal proceeding is inherently unpredictable. Claims against the Company, whether meritorious or not, could require significant amounts of management s time and attention and the Company s resources to defend, could result in significant media coverage and negative publicity and could be harmful to the Company s reputation, its brand and its business. If any of these legal proceedings or government inquiries were to be determined adversely to the Company or result in an enforcement action or judgment against the Company, or if the Company were to enter into settlement arrangements, the Company could be exposed to monetary damages or be forced to change the way in which it operates its business, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the Company may incur substantial legal fees and related expenses in connection with defending any investigations or lawsuits and fulfilling certain indemnification obligations. 
 The Company s business could be adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises or other unexpected events for which the Company may not be sufficiently insured. 
 Natural disasters and other adverse weather and climate conditions, public health crises, political crises, terrorist attacks, war and other political instability or other unexpected events could disrupt the Company s operations, damage one or more of its locations or prevent short- or long-term access to one or more of its locations. In particular, another outbreak of a contagious disease or similar public health threat as was experienced with the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly as it may impact the Company s operations and supply chain, may have a material impact on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. Many of the Company s locations are located in the vicinity of disaster zones, including flood zones in New York City and potentially active earthquake faults in the San Francisco Bay Area and Mexico City, and many of its locations are concentrated in metropolitan areas or located in or near prominent buildings, which may be the target of terrorist or other attacks. Although the Company carries comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage and business interruption insurance with respect to all of its consolidated locations, there are certain types of losses that the Company does not insure against because they are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially reasonable terms. Should an uninsured event or a loss in excess of the Company s insured limits occur, the Company could lose some or all of the capital invested in, and anticipated future revenues from, the affected locations, and the Company may nevertheless continue to be subject to obligations related to those locations. 
 Economic and political instability and potential unfavorable changes in laws and regulations in international markets could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company s business may be affected by political instability and potential unfavorable changes in laws and regulations in international markets in which it operates. Adverse consequences could include, but are not limited to: global economic uncertainty and deterioration, volatility in currency exchange rates, adverse changes in regulation of the real estate industry, disruptions to the markets the Company invests in and the tax jurisdictions it operates in (which may adve rsely impact tax benefits or liabilities in these or 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 other jurisdictions), and negative impacts on the operations and financial conditions of the Company s tenants. 
 The UK and EU have signed an EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which became provisionally applicable on January 1, 2021, and has been formally applicable since May 1, 2021. Many of the regulations that now apply in the UK following the transition period (including financial laws and regulations, tax, intellectual property rights, data protection laws, supply chain logistics, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, immigration laws and employment laws) could be amended in the future as the UK determines its new approach, which may result in significant divergence from EU regulations. This lack of clarity could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the UK determines which EU laws to replace or replicate. Given this ongoing uncertainty, the Company cannot predict how the Brexit process will finally be implemented and is continuing to assess the potential impact, if any, of these events on its operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, there are concerns regarding potential changes in the future relationship between the United States and various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulati ons and tariffs. It remains unclear how the United States or foreign governments will act with respect to tariffs, international trade agreements and policies. The implementation by China or other countries of higher tariffs, capital controls, new adverse trade policies or other barriers to entry could have an adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in the imposition by the U.S. and other nations of sanctions and other restrictive actions against Russia and certain banks, companies and individuals in Russia, which may make it difficult or impossible for us to repatriate profits from our operations in Russia or to make or receive payments from our landlords, suppliers and customers in Russia, among other impacts on our business locally. More generally, the conflict has led to and could lead to further disruptions in the global financial markets and economy, including, without limitation, currency volatility, inflation and instability in the global capital markets. The Company has suspended all expansion plans in Russia and is in the process of divesting our operations in Russia. A continuation of conflict in Ukraine and the divestment of or inability to divest our operations in Russia could result in an adverse impact on our businesses, operations and assets. 
 Risks Relating to the Company s Financial Condition 
 The Company s indebtedness and other obligations could adversely affect its financial condition and liquidity. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had (i) 669 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding on the 7.875 Senior Notes and (ii) 550 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding on the 5.00 Senior Notes, Series II, each of which are held by public noteholders. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the amounts outstanding under the Company s debt financing arrangements with SBG included 1.1 billion in outstanding letters of credit issued under the Senior LC Tranche, under which SVF II is a co-obligor, 350 million outstanding under the Junior LC Tranche, under which SBG is a co-obligor, and 1.65 billion in aggregate principal amount outstanding under the 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I, under which an affiliate of SBG is a noteholder. In February 2023, the commitment under the Junior LC Tranche was increased to 470 million and the commitment under the Senior LC Tranche was reduced to 960 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there remained 21 million in remaining letter of credit availability under the Senior LC Facility. Upon effectiveness of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, 1.1 billion of standby letters of credit were outstanding under our Senior LC Facility, of which none were drawn. In addition, as of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, approximately 100 million of contingent obligations in respect of letters of credit issued under our Senior LC Facility are required to be cash collateralized, in the amount of 105 of the stated amount thereof. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the ability to draw up to 500 million of Secured Notes under the Secured NPA with SVF II, subject to applicable restrictive covenants in the agreements governing the Company s indebtedness. In 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 January 2023, the Company issued and sold 250 million of Secured Notes to SVF II pursuant to the Secured NPA, as a result of which 250 million of commitment remains available under the Secured NPA as of the date hereof (which amount, together with any outstanding Secured Notes issued pursuant to the Secured NPA, will be reduced to approximately 446 million in the aggregate from and after February 2024). In March 2023, the Company entered into the Transaction Support Agreement, which, among other things, limited the Company s ability to draw the remaining 250 million in aggregate principal amount of Secured Notes under the Secured NPA during the period from the entry into the Transaction Support Agreement to the closing of the Transactions as follows: (i) a draw request of 50.0 million which may be made no earlier than April 1, 2023; (ii) a subsequent draw request of no more than 75.0 million which may be made no earlier than May 1, 2023; (iii) another subsequent draw request of no more than 75.0 million which may be made no earlier than June 1, 2023; and, if applicable, (iv) a draw request of 50 million thereafter. 
 
 If the Company makes additional draws on the Company s debt financing arrangements with SBG or affiliates thereof, the Company s total indebtedness will be substantially increased, which could intensify the risks related to its high level of debt. In addition, the Company has 25 million of outstanding principal on other loans. 
 In March 2023, the Company entered into a series of agreements related to the Transactions. Pursuant to such agreements, the applicable parties have agreed to support, approve, implement and enter into definitive documents covering the following transactions, among other things: (i) certain offers to exchange all of the outstanding 7.875 Senior Notes and 5.00 Senior Notes, Series II, for a combination of newly issued New Second Lien Notes, New Third Lien Notes and shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, and the concurrent issuance of 500 million in aggregate principal amount of New First Lien Notes, (ii) the exchange of all of the outstanding 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I, for a combination of newly issued New Second Lien Exchangeable Notes, New Third Lien Exchangeable Notes and shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, to one or more Softbank Noteholders, (iii) the rollover of 300 million of the 500 million commitment from SVF II under the Secured NPA to purchase Secured Notes, including 250 million in aggregate principal amount of Secured Notes currently outstanding, into 300 million of New First Lien Notes, which, at the Company s option, would be issued to SVF II in full and outstanding at the closing of the Transactions or issuable to SVF II from time to time in whole or in part pursuant to a new note purchase agreement and (iv) the issuance of 35 million shares of Class A Common Stock in a private placement at a purchase price of 1.15 per share at the closing of the Transactions and up to 175 million of New First Lien Notes issuable from time to time at the Company s option pursuant to a new note purchase agreement to a third party investor. See Item 1. Business The Transactions. 
 The Company s high level of debt, including following the consummation of the Transactions, could have important consequences, including the following: 
 limiting its ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements, and increasing its cost of borrowing; 
 requiring a substantial portion of its cash flows to be dedicated to payments on its obligations instead of for other purposes; and 
 increasing its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and limiting its flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the industry in which the Company competes. 
 Subject to the limits contained in the indentures governing the 7.875 Senior Notes, the 5.00 Senior Notes (as defined below) and the Secured Notes, and the Company s other obligations and debt agreements, including the Credit Agreement, and, following the consummation of the Transactions, the indentures governing the New Notes, the Company and its subsidiaries will also be able to incur additional debt, lease obligations and other obligations from time to time. If the Company or its subsidiaries do so, the risks related to its high level of debt could intensify. In addition, the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all our debt. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of their indebtedness and other obligations and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy such obligations, which may not be successful. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries ability to make scheduled payments or refinance its obligations depends on their financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond the Company s control. The Company and its subsidiaries may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit them to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on their indebtedness or to pay their lease obligations. 
 If the Company and its subsidiaries cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund their obligations, the Company and its subsidiaries could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance their indebtedness and other obligations. The Company and its subsidiaries may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow them to meet their scheduled debt obligations. The agreements that govern the Company and its subsidiaries indebtedness restrict their ability to dispose of certain assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict their ability to raise debt or certain types of equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. The Company or its subsidiaries may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any obligations then due. See the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 In addition, the Company conducts a substantial portion of its operations through its subsidiaries. Accordingly, repayment of its indebtedness is dependent on the generation of cash flow by its subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to the Company by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. In the event that the Company s subsidiaries are unable to generate sufficient cash flow, the Company may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on its indebtedness. 
 If the Company or its subsidiaries cannot make scheduled payments on their debt, or if the Company or its subsidiaries violate certain covenants in their debt agreements and such violations are not cured or waived within the applicable time periods, the Company or its subsidiaries will be in default and, as a result, lenders under any of their existing and future indebtedness could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable, the lenders under their debt instruments could terminate their commitments to issue letters of credit, their secured lenders could foreclose against the assets securing such borrowings and the Company or its subsidiaries could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had future undiscounted minimum lease cost payment obligations under signed operating and finance leases of 27.9 billion . If the Company is unable to service its obligations under the lease agreements for particular properties, the Company may be forced to vacate those properties or pay compensatory or consequential damages to the landlord, which could adversely affect its business, reputation and prospects. However, as of December 31, 2022, the total security packages provided by the Company and its subsidiaries in respect of those lease obligations was approximately 4.0 billion , representing less than 15 of future undiscounted minimum lease cost payment obligations. See Risks relating to the Company s Business The long-term and fixed-cost nature of the Company s leases may limit its operating flexibility and could adversely affect its liquidity and results of operations. 
 In addition, the Company s 287 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, included cash and cash equivalents of 61 million of its consolidated variable interest entities VIEs ), which will 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 be used first to settle obligations of the VIE. Remaining assets may only be distributed to the VIEs owners, including the Company, subject to the liquidation preferences of certain noncontrolling interest holders and any other preferential distribution provisions contained within the operating agreements of the relevant VIEs. In addition to these amounts, the Company had restricted cash of 5 million as of December 31, 2022. The Credit Agreement requires the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to maintain substantially all cash and cash equivalents in accounts with the administrative agent, subject to certain exceptions, and to maintain a certain amount of cash and cash equivalents in accounts that are subject to an account control agreement in favor of the administrative agent. Furthermore, the Credit Agreement requires the Company to cash collateralize 105 of the amount of letters of credit issued and outstanding in excess of the total commitments under the Senior LC Tranche. As of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, approximately 100 million of contingent obligations in respect of letters of credit issued under our Senior LC Facility are required to be cash collateralized pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 Some of the cash that appears on the Company s balance sheet may not be available for use in the Company s business or to meet the Company s debt obligations. 
 Although the Company may be permitted to use cash deposits from members in the operation of its business until such members demand its return, if required by local law, the Company may need to place cash deposits in separate accounts. In these instances, these cash deposits are blocked and not available for other uses in the Company s business. In addition, at times the Company is required to make cash deposits to support bank guarantees and outstanding letters of credit supporting its obligations under certain office leases or amounts the Company owes to certain vendors from whom it purchases goods and services. These cash deposits are not available for other uses as long as the bank guarantees are outstanding. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to maintain substantially all cash and cash equivalents in accounts with the administrative agent, subject to certain exceptions, and to maintain a certain amount of cash and cash equivalents in accounts that are subject to an account control agreement in favor of the administrative agent. Furthermore, the Credit Agreement requires the Company to cash collateralize 105 of the amount of letters of credit issued and outstanding in excess of the total commitments under the Senior LC Tranche. As of the date hereof, approximately 100 million of contingent obligations in respect of letters of credit issued under our Senior LC Facility are required to be cash collateralized pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 Further, total assets of consolidated VIEs included 61 million of cash and cash equivalents and 3 million of restricted cash as of December 31, 2022. The assets of consolidated VIEs can only be used to settle obligations of the VIE. Finally, certain countries in which the Company does business have regulations that restrict the Company s ability to send cash out of the country without incurring taxes or meeting other requirements. In light of the foregoing factors, the amount of cash that appears on the Company s balance sheet may overstate the amount of liquidity the Company has available to meet its business needs or debt obligations, including obligations under the 7.875 Senior Notes, the 5.00 Senior Notes and the Secured Notes and, following the consummation of the Transactions, the New Notes. 
 The Company may require additional capital to operate its business, comply with cash collateral obligations under the Credit Agreement and refinance its outstanding indebtedness, which may not be available on terms acceptable to it or at all. 
 The Company incurred net losses in the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020, and its primary source of funding since late 2019 has been through agreements with SBG or affiliates thereof, including the Unsecured NPA (as defined below), the Secured NPA, and the Credit Agreement. In March 2023, the Company entered into a series of agreements related to the Transactions intended to reduce the Company s significant debt and enhance its liquidity. If the Company is not able to achieve its goals to become profitable and cash flow positive in the near-term or if it requires additional capital to expand its business, it may require additional financing, in addition to the Transactions. The Company s future 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 financing requirements will also depend on many factors, including the number of new locations to be opened, its net membership retention rate, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on its business, the timing and extent of spending to support the development of its business, its ability to reduce capital expenditures and the expansion of its sales and marketing activities, and potential joint venture arrangements. Furthermore, the Credit Agreement requires the Company to cash collateralize 105 of the amount of letters of credit issued and outstanding in excess of the total commitments under the Senior LC Tranche. In addition, a substantial portion of the Company s indebtedness, including the 7.875 Senior Notes, the 5.00 Senior Notes and the Secured Notes, is scheduled to mature in 2025. If implemented in full, the Transactions would refinance and extend the maturity of the 7.875 Senior Notes, the 5.00 Senior Notes and the Secured Notes to 2027. The Company s ability to obtain additional financing, including in addition to the Transactions, will depend on, among other things, its business plans, operating performance, investor demand and the condition of the capital markets at the time the Company seeks financing. Additional capital may not be available to the Company from SBG or affiliates thereof or from other sources or, if available, may not be available on terms acceptable to the Company or on a timely basis. Failure of the Company to obtain additional capital on favorable terms or at all in order to operate its business, comply with cash collateral obligations under the Credit Agreement, or refinance its outstanding indebtedness, including following the consummation of the Transactions, may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The terms of the Company s indebtedness restrict its current and future operations, particularly its ability to respond to changes or take certain actions, including some of which may affect completion of the Company s strategic plan. 
 The agreements governing the Company s indebtedness contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on the Company and may limit its ability to engage in acts that may be in its long-term best interest, including restrictions on its ability to incur indebtedness (including guarantee obligations), incur liens, enter into mergers or consolidations, dispose of assets, enter into affiliate transactions, pay dividends, make acquisitions and make investments, loans and advances. The agreements that will govern the Company s indebtedness to be issued in connection with the Transactions will contain significant additional restrictions which will further limit the Company s ability to engage in the above-listed transactions. 
 These restrictions may affect the Company s ability to execute on its business strategy, limit its ability to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate its business, including during economic or business downturns, and limit its ability to compete effectively or take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 The Company has incurred and may incur in the future significant costs related to the development of its workspaces, which the Company may be unable to recover in a timely manner or at all. 
 Development of a workspace for members typically takes several months from the date the Company takes possession of the space under the relevant lease to the opening date. During this time, the Company incurs substantial upfront costs without recognizing any revenues from the space. 
 To the extent that our members (in particular Enterprise Members) require configured solutions, we generally enter into multi-year membership agreements to help offset any increased upfront costs related to the development of these workspaces. The Company expects the capital expenditures associated with the development of its workspaces to continue to be one of the primary costs of its business. See the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. If the Company is unable to complete its development and construction activities for any reason, including an inability to secure adequate funding, or conditions in the real estate market or the broader economy change in ways that are unfavorable, the Company may be unable to recover these costs in a timely manner or at all. The Company s development activities are also subject to cost and schedule overruns as a result of many factors some of which are beyond its control and ability to foresee, including increases in the cost of materials and labor. 
 While many of the Company s existing leases provide for reimbursement by the landlord or building owner of a portion of the construction and development expenses the Company incurs, the Company may not 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 continue to be granted these provisions in future leases that the Company negotiates. Additionally, the Company s landlords or building owners may not reimburse the Company for these expenses in a timely manner or at all, in which case the Company could exercise its available remedies under the lease. To be eligible for reimbursement of these development expenses, the Company is also required to compile invoices, lien releases and other paperwork from its contractors, which is a time-consuming process that requires the cooperation of third parties whom the Company does not control. The Company has a tracking mechanism and process for enforcing its right to collect reimbursements, however, it may make errors in pursuing these reimbursement entitlements in accordance with the strict requirements of the landlords or building owners the Company deals with. In addition, the Company is subject to counterparty risk with respect to these landlords and building owners. 
 Changes to accounting rules or regulations and the Company s assumptions, estimates and judgments may adversely affect the reporting of the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. New accounting rules or regulations and varying interpretations of existing accounting rules or regulations have occurred and may occur in the future. For example, in February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-02, Leases, codified as ASC 842, Leases. This update required a lessee to recognize on its balance sheet right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for any leases with a lease term of more than twelve months. The Company adopted ASC 842 early in connection with the preparation of its financial statements as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2019, and the adoption had a material impact on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company had lease right-of-use assets, net totaling approximately 11.2 billion and lease obligations totaling approximately 16.6 billion included on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Other future changes to accounting rules or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the reporting of the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, the Company s assumptions, estimates and judgments related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect its results of operations. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and related disclosures. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates form the basis for judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, as well as the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. As the COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the Company s revenues and expenditures, the extent and duration of restrictions and the overall macroeconomic impact of the pandemic will have an effect on estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. The Company s financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if its assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in its assumptions. 
 Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company s international businesses typically earn revenue and incur expenses in local currencies, primarily the British Pound, Euro, Japanese Yen and Chinese Yuan (prior to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation). For example, the Company earned approximately 56 , 55 , and 50 of its revenues from subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Because its Consolidated Financial Statements are reported in U.S. dollars, the Company is exposed to currency translation risk when the Company translates the financial results of its consolidated non-U.S. subsidiaries from their local currency into U.S. dollars. As foreign currency exchange rates change, translation of the statements of operations of the Company s international businesses into U.S. dollars affects period-over-period comparability of its operating results. Any strengthening of the U.S. dollar against one or more of these currencies could materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of WeWork s income or other tax returns could adversely affect WeWork s financial condition and results of operations. 
 WeWork is subject to income taxes in the United States, and its tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. WeWork s future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 changes in the valuation of WeWork s deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 
 tax effects of stock-based compensation; 
 costs related to intercompany restructurings; 
 changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or 
 lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where WeWork has lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where WeWork has higher statutory tax rates. 
 In addition, WeWork may be subject to audits of income, sales and other transaction taxes by taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on WeWork s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to Laws and Regulations Affecting the Company s Business 
 The Company s extensive foreign operations and contacts with landlords and other parties in a variety of countries subject it to risks under U.S. and other anti-corruption laws, as well as applicable export controls and economic sanctions. 
 The Company is subject to various domestic and international anti-corruption laws, such as the FCPA, as well as other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations. There may in the future be allegations of corruption against the Company and its employees. These laws and regulations prohibit the Company s employees, representatives, contractors, business partners and agents from authorizing, offering, providing, or accepting payment or benefits for the purpose of improperly influencing the recipient or intended recipient. These laws also require that the Company keep accurate books and records and maintain compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. Under these laws, the Company may become liable for the actions of its directors, officers, employees, agents or other strategic or local partners or representatives over whom the Company may have little actual control. 
 The Company uses third-party representatives to perform services such as obtaining or retaining business, permits, approvals, and contracts. Additionally, the Company is continuously engaged in sourcing and negotiating new locations in high-risk jurisdictions around the world, and certain of the landlords, real estate agents or other parties with whom the Company interacts may be government officials or agents, even without its knowledge. The Company can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of its employees, representatives, contractors, business partners, and agents, even if it does not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. 
 The Company s potential exposure to liability under anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, will increase as the Company continues to increase its international sales and business operations, and, consequently, its contacts with foreign government officials or agents. 
 Additionally, as the Company pursues its strategy of entering into management agreements, joint ventures and other partnerships with local partners in non-U.S. jurisdictions, its use of intermediaries, and therefore its potential exposure to liability under anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, are likely to 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 increase. Noncompliance with these laws, including any activities over the past five years, could subject the Company to investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, adverse media coverage and other consequences. 
 Similarly, the Company s international sales and business operations expose it to potential liability under a wide variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations relating to economic sanctions and export and import controls and economic and trade sanctions, such as those administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. In the event that the Company engages in any conduct, intentionally or not, that facilitates money laundering, terrorist financing, or certain other unlawful activities, or that violates sanctions or otherwise constitutes sanctionable activity, including dealings with restricted persons or entities, the Company could be subject to substantial fines, sanctions, civil or criminal penalties, competitive or reputational harm, litigation or regulatory action and other consequences that might adversely affect its results of operations and its financial condition. 
 Failure to comply with anti-money laundering AML requirements could subject the Company to enforcement actions, fines, penalties, sanctions and other remedial actions. 
 The Company is subject to AML laws and regulations in various jurisdictions. Violations of such laws or regulations, even if inadvertent or unintentional, could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, including consent orders against the Company, which could have significant reputational or other consequences and could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company is in the process of improving and, in some instances, implementing controls pursuant to AML legal and regulatory requirements, and will continue to do so as and when new applicable requirements are enacted. The expenses associated with implementing, improving and maintaining such controls are not yet fully known, but may prove to be significant. Moreover, regulators have broad authority to enforce AML laws and regulations and may challenge whether the Company s controls comply with AML requirements or whether the Company maintains an adequate compliance program, either of which could lead to one or more of the consequences described above. 
 The Company s business is subject to a variety of U.S. and non-U.S. laws, many of which are evolving and could limit or otherwise negatively affect its ability to operate its business. 
 Laws and regulations are continuously evolving, and compliance is costly and can require changes to the Company s business practices and significant management time and effort. It is not always clear how existing laws apply to the Company s business model. The Company strives to comply with all applicable laws, but the scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to it is often uncertain and may conflict across jurisdictions. 
 Existing local building codes and regulations, and any future changes to these codes or regulations, may increase its development costs or delay the development of its workspaces. 
 The Company s development activities are subject to local, state and federal laws, as well as oversight and regulation in accordance with local building codes and regulations relating to building design, construction, safety, environmental protection and related matters. The Company is responsible for complying with the requirements of individual jurisdictions and must ensure that its development activities comply with varying standards by jurisdiction. Any existing or new government regulations or ordinances that relate to the Company s development activities may result in significant additional expenses to the Company and, as a result, might adversely affect its results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect the taxes the Company pays and therefore its financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a global company, the Company is subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in applying the relevant provisions of tax law. 
 If such changes were to be adopted or if the tax authorities in the jurisdictions where the Company operates were to challenge its application of relevant provisions of applicable tax laws, its financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Acquisitions of the Company s stock may limit the Company s ability to use some or all of its net operating loss and net capital loss ("NOL") carryforwards in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes of approximately 7.6 billion , of which approximately 6.7 billion may be carried forward indefinitely and 0.9 billion will begin to expire starting in 2033 if not utilized . The Company also had net capital loss carryforwards of 137 million as of December 31, 2022 , which if unused, will expire in 2026 . Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change may be subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and net capital loss carryforwards, respectively, to offset future taxable income. In general, an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5 stockholders, applying certain look-through and aggregation rules) increases by more than 50 over such stockholders lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). As a result of transactions occurring in 2019, an ownership change of the Company occurred for purposes of Section 382 of the Code, imposing limitations on the use of our net operating loss and net capital loss carryforward amounts. The ownership change may impact the timing of the availability of, or our ability to use, these losses. 
 The potential issuance of our equity in the Transactions will count towards an ownership change. If an ownership change were to occur, as a result of the Transactions or otherwise (including as a result of the issuance of equity upon the exchange of an exchangeable note or warrant or otherwise as a result of the Business Combination), Section 382 of the Code would impose an annual limit on the amount of NOLs we could use to reduce our taxable income going forward and, as a result, could increase our U.S. federal income tax liability. The annual limit under Section 382 of the Code is generally derived by multiplying the fair market value of the Company s equity immediately before the ownership change by the federal long-term tax-exempt rate, which is 2.92 for ownership changes occurring in March 2023 and 3.04 for ownership changes occurring in April 2023. While the Company does not believe that the Transactions, taken by themselves, will cause an ownership change, calculations under Section 382 are complex and depend in part on facts outside of the Company s control, and issuances, sales, and/or exchanges of the Company s Class A Common Stock (including potentially relatively small transactions and transactions beyond the Company s control), taken together with prior and contemplated transactions with respect to Class A Common Stock, could trigger an ownership change and therefore a limitation on the Company s ability to utilize its NOL carryforwards. 
 
 Limitations imposed on the Company s ability to utilize net operating loss and net capital loss carryforwards could cause U.S. federal income taxes to be paid earlier than such taxes would be paid if such limitations were not in effect and could cause certain of such net operating loss and net capital loss carryforwards to expire unused, in each case reducing or eliminating the benefit of such net operating loss and net capital loss carryforwards. 
 Certain non-U.S. Holders of our capital stock or other equity securities including Class A Common Stock, in certain situations, could be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the gain from the sale, exchange or other disposition of such capital stock or equity securities. 
 
 We believe that we have been, in the past, and might be, as of the date of this prospectus, a United States real property holding corporation USRPHC under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act FIRPTA ). Generally, a corporation is a USRPHC if the fair market value of its U.S. real property interests equals or exceeds 50 of the sum of the fair market value of its worldwide real property 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 interests and its other assets used or held for use in a trade or business (all as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes). If we have been a USRPHC during the shorter of (i) a non-U.S. Holder s holding period for shares of our capital stock or other equity securities or (ii) the five-year period preceding such non-U.S. Holder s disposition of such shares of our capital stock or equity securities, such non-U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on gain from the disposition of those shares of our capital stock or equity securities under FIRPTA at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates, in which case such non-U.S. Holder would also be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such gain. In addition, a purchaser of shares from a non-U.S. Holder may be required to withhold U.S. tax in an amount equal to 15 of the gross proceeds from such a purchase. Any non-U.S. Holder acquiring Class A Common Stock may be subject to these rules if we are (or become) a USRPHC while such non-U.S. Holder holds the Class A Common Stock. 
 
 If, at any time during the calendar year, any class of our stock is regularly traded on an established securities market, the tax described above applies only in the case of a non-U.S. Holder who beneficially owned more than 5 of the total fair market value of that class of interests at any time during the five-year period ending either on the date of the disposition of such interest or other applicable determination date, and the withholding requirements described above would not apply. Our stock is currently traded on the NYSE and we expect our stock to be regularly quoted by brokers or dealers making a market in our stock during each calendar quarter in which our stock is so traded, which is expected to satisfy the requirement that our stock be regularly traded on an established securities market for the aforementioned gain recognition and withholding exceptions to apply. However, no assurances can be given that, at any given time, our stock or other equity securities will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for purposes of FIRPTA. Non-U.S. Holders of our capital stock or other equity securities should consult with their own tax advisors concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the sale, exchange or other disposition of our capital stock or other equity securities. 
 Failure by certain of the Company s subsidiaries in complying with laws and regulations applicable to investment platforms, including the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), could result in substantial harm to its reputation and results of operations. 
 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations applicable to investment platforms, including those applicable to investment advisers under the Advisers Act. The Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations and duties on registered investment advisers, including record-keeping, operating and marketing requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on self-dealing. The failure of any of these subsidiaries to comply with the Advisers Act could cause the SEC to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations, including censure, or to terminate the registration of its subsidiaries as investment advisers or prohibit them from serving as an investment adviser to SEC-registered funds. Similarly, these subsidiaries rely on exemptions from various requirements of ERISA to the extent these subsidiaries receive investments by benefit plan investors. The failure of the Company s relevant subsidiaries to comply with these laws and regulations could irreparably harm its reputation or lead to litigation or regulatory or other legal proceedings, any of which could harm its results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to the Company s Organizational Structure 
 The Company s only material assets are its indirect interests in The We Company Management Holdings L.P. (the WeWork Partnership ), and the Company is accordingly dependent upon distributions from the WeWork Partnership to pay dividends and taxes and other expenses. The Company s debt facilities also impose or may in the future impose certain restrictions on the Company s subsidiaries making distributions to the Company. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The Company is a holding company and has no material assets other than an indirect general partner interest and indirect limited partner interests in the WeWork Partnership and various intercompany receivables from other consolidated subsidiaries. The Company has no independent means of generating revenue. The Company intends to cause its subsidiaries (including the WeWork Partnership) to make distributions in an amount sufficient to cover all applicable taxes and other expenses payable and dividends, if any, declared by it. The agreements governing the Company s debt facilities impose, and agreements governing the Company s future debt facilities are expected to impose, certain restrictions on distributions by WeWork Companies LLC to WeWork, and may limit its ability to pay cash dividends. The terms of any credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements the Company or its subsidiaries enter into in the future may impose similar restrictions. To the extent that WeWork needs funds, and any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries is restricted from making such distributions under these debt agreements or applicable law or regulation, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially adversely affect the Company s liquidity and financial condition. 
 If WeWork were deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act as a result of its ownership of the WeWork Partnership, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for it to continue its business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on its business. 
 A person may be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the 1940 Act if it owns investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items), absent an applicable exemption. WeWork has no material assets other than its interest in the WeWork Partnership. Through its interests in the general partner of the WeWork Partnership, WeWork generally has control over all of the affairs and decision making of the WeWork Partnership. Furthermore, the general partner of the WeWork Partnership cannot be removed as general partner of the WeWork Partnership without the approval of WeWork. On the basis of WeWork s control over the WeWork Partnership, the Company believes that the indirect interest of WeWork in the WeWork Partnership is not an investment security within the meaning of the 1940 Act. If WeWork were to cease participation in the management of the WeWork Partnership, however, its interest in the WeWork Partnership could be deemed an investment security, which could result in WeWork being required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act and becoming subject to the registration and other requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operations of investment companies. Among other things, the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, prohibit the issuance of stock options and impose certain governance requirements. The Company intends to conduct its operations so that WeWork will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act. However, if anything were to happen which would require WeWork to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act, requirements imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on its capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates and ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for the Company to continue its business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among WeWork, the WeWork Partnership, members of its management team and related entities or any combination thereof and materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our Charter provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America are the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our Charter provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) and any appellate court thereof is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; 
 any action asserting a claim against us or our directors, officers, or employees arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our Charter, or our bylaws; 
 any action as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 
 This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Our Charter also provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act"). 
 The choice of forum provisions in our Charter may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. We cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, although the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court were facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our federal forum selection clause. 
 Additional Risks Relating to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock 
 The price of our Class A Common Stock and warrants may be volatile. 
 The price of our Class A Common Stock, as well as warrants, may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including: 
 changes in the industries in which we and our customers operate; 
 developments involving our competitors; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 variations in our operating performance and the performance of our competitors in general; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 
 publication of research reports by securities analysts about us or our competitors or our industry; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 actions by stockholders, including the sale by the PIPE Investors (defined below) of any of their shares of our Class A Common Stock; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 
 the volume of shares of our Class A Common Stock available for public sale; and 
 general economic and political conditions, such as the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, recessions, interest rates, local and national elections, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations, corruption, political instability and acts of war or terrorism. 
 These market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock and warrants regardless of our operating performance. 
 In certain instances, NYSE may delist our Class A Common Stock from quotation on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to sell and purchase our securities and subject us to trading restrictions. 
 Our Class A Common Stock is currently listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol WE. However, if the price of our Class A Common Stock drops and if the average closing price of our Class A Common Stock is less than 1.00 over a consecutive 30 trading-day period our common stock may be suspended and/or delisted in accordance with Section 802.01C of the NYSE s Listed Company Manual. If our common stock is not listed on NYSE, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 reduced liquidity; 
 a determination that our Class A Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our Class A Common Stock; 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 If our common stock becomes subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 
 The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not retain a listing on NYSE, and if the price of our common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock will be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore shareholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We are currently not 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 permitted to pay cash dividends under the Credit Agreement. A ny future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as our board of directors deem relevant. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in Class A Common Stock unless you sell your Class A Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 If analysts do not publish research about our business or if they publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A Common Stock will depend in part on the research and reports that analysts publish about our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts downgrade our Class A Common Stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our Class A Common Stock would likely decline. If few analysts cover us, demand for our Class A Common Stock could decrease and our Class A Common Stock price and trading volume may decline. Similar results may occur if one or more of these analysts stop covering us in the future or fail to publish reports on us regularly. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 The market price of our Class A Common Stock may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation and investigations or past investigations and litigation may resurface in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Future resales of Class A Common Stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Following the expiration of the lock-up agreements entered into in connection with the Business Combination stockholders of WeWork that were party to such agreements are no longer restricted from selling shares of WeWork common stock held by them, other than by applicable securities laws. As such, sales of a substantial number of shares of WeWork common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could increase volatility in our share price or reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 The obligations associated with being a public company involve significant expenses and will require significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Exchange Act requires the filing of annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to a public company s business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that a public company establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that Legacy WeWork did not previously incur. Our entire management team and many of our other employees need to devote substantial time to compliance, and may not effectively or efficiently manage its transition into a public company. 
 These rules and regulations will result in us incurring substantial legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations will likely make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. holders of our capital stock, in certain situations, could be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the gain from the sale, exchange or other disposition of our capital stock. 
 We believe that we were, as of the date of the Business Combination, and might be, as of the date of this Form 10-K, a United States real property holding corporation (" USRPHC ") under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act (" FIRPTA "). Generally, a corporation is a USRPHC if the fair market value of its U.S. real property interests equals or exceeds 50 of the sum of the fair market value of its worldwide real property interests and its other assets used or held for use in a trade or business (all as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes). If we have been a USRPHC during the shorter of a non-U.S. holder s holding period for shares of our capital stock or the five-year period preceding such non-U.S. holder s disposition of such shares of our capital stock, any such non-U.S. holder may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on gain from disposition of those shares of our capital stock under FIRPTA, in which case such non-U.S. holder would also be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such gain. In addition, a purchaser of such shares from a non-U.S. holder may be required to withhold U.S. tax in an amount equal to 15 of the gross proceeds from such a purchase. 
 Non-U.S. holders of our capital stock should consult with their own tax advisors concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the sale, exchange or other disposition of our capital stock. 
 The historical financial results of Legacy WeWork included elsewhere in this Form 10-K may not be indicative of what WeWork s actual financial position or results of operations would have been. 
 The historical financial results of Legacy WeWork included elsewhere in this Form 10-K do not reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that Legacy WeWork would have achieved as a public company during the periods presented or those WeWork will achieve in the future. This is primarily the result of the following factors: (i) WeWork will incur additional ongoing costs as a result of the Business Combination, including costs related to public company reporting, investor relations and compliance with the Sarbanes Oxley Act; and (ii) WeWork s capital structure will be different from that reflected in Legacy WeWork s historical financial statements. WeWork s financial condition and future results of operations could be materially different from amounts reflected in its historical financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K, so it may be difficult for investors to compare WeWork s future results to historical results or to evaluate its relative performance or trends in its business. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 As of the filing of this annual report on Form 10-K, there were no unresolved comments from the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 We generally lease the real estate for our locations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 779 open locations across 39 countries, excluding our corporate headquarters located at 75 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10019. 
 Region Number of Locations United States Canada (1) 
 301 International 214 Latin America 85 China (2) 
 85 Japan 40 India (2) 
 40 Israel (2) 
 14 Total 779 
 (1) Includes 18 Common Desk locations under management agreements and included in our Unconsolidated Locations 
 (2) Unconsolidated locations as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See the section entitled Legal Matters in Note 26 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our publicly traded Class A Common Stock and warrants are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols WE and WE WS, respectively. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination on October 20, 2021, BowX s units, Class A Common Stock and public warrants were listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols BOWXU, BOWX and BOWXW, respectively. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 20, 2023, there were 270 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock and five holders of record of our Class C Common Stock. A substantially greater number of beneficial owners hold shares through banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. The agreements governing our debt facilities impose, and agreements governing our future debt facilities are expected to impose, certain restrictions on distributions by WeWork Companies LLC to WeWork, and limit our ability to pay cash dividends. The payment of cash dividends also is dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of the Board at such time. The Board is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 All sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 have been previously reported in our filings with the SEC. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class A common stock with the cumulative total return on the Standard Poor s 500 Index and the Dow Jones Global Select REIT Office Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 in our common stock at the market close on August 5, 2020, which was Legacy BowX's initial trading day. Data for the Standard Poor s 500 Index and the Dow Jones Global Select REIT Office Index assume reinvestment of dividends. 
 The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Overview 
 WeWork is the leading global flexible workspace provider, serving a membership base of businesses large and small through our network of 779 locations, including 622 Consolidated Locations (as defined in the section entitled "Key Performance Indicators") , around the world as of December 2022. With our global footprint, we have worked to establish ourselves as the preeminent brand within the space-as-a-service category by combining best-in-class locations and design with member-first hospitality and exceptional community experiences. Since new management was instituted in 2020, we immediately began to execute a strategic plan to transform our business. With a more efficient operating model and cost conscious mindset, moving forward we expect to pursue profitable growth and focus on the digitization of our real estate in order to enhance our product offerings, and expand and diversify our membership base, while continuously meeting the growing demand for flexibility. 
 WeWork s core business offering provides flexibility across space, time and cost. Whether users are looking for a dedicated desk, a private office or a fully customized floor, our members have the flexibility to choose the amount of space they need and scale with us as their businesses grow. Members also have the optionality to choose the type of membership that works for them, with a range of flexible offerings that provide access to space on a monthly subscription basis, through a multi-year membership agreement or on a pay-as-you-go basis. Additionally, a WeWork membership provides members with portability of cost, giving our members the flexibility to move part or all of an existing commitment to a new market, region or country. 
 Membership agreements provide our members with access to space along with certain baseline amenities and services, such as private phone booths, internet, high-speed business printers and copiers, mail and packaging handling, front desk services, 24/7 building access, unique common areas and daily enhanced cleaning for no additional cost. 
 Beyond the amenities offered, we believe that our community team is what sets us apart from other space providers in the industry. With a member-first mindset, our community teams provide an exceptional level of hospitality by not only overseeing onsite operations and supporting day-to-day needs, but also focusing on cultivating meaningful relationships with and between our members to deliver a premium experience. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 By providing all of the overhead services required to find and operate office space, WeWork significantly reduces the complexity and cost of leasing real estate to a simplified membership model. 
 In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, we accelerated our efforts to digitize our real estate offering through the launch of the WeWork All Access and WeWork On Demand products (collectively, "WeWork Access"). WeWork All Access is a monthly subscription-based model that provides members with access to book space at any participating WeWork location within their home country. Through WeWork All Access, members can book dedicated desks, conference rooms and private offices right from their phones enabling users to choose when, where and how they work. WeWork On Demand provides users pay-as-you-go access to book individual workspace or conference rooms at nearby WeWork locations, giving members the flexibility to book individual workspace by the hour or conference rooms by the day on the WeWork On Demand mobile app. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 To evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions, we rely on our financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, non-GAAP measures, and the following key performance indicators. 
 For certain key performance indicators, the amounts we present are based on whether the indicator relates to a location for which the revenues and expenses of the location are consolidated within our results of operations ("Consolidated Locations") or whether the indicator relates to a location for which the revenues and expenses are not consolidated within our results of operations, but for which we are entitled to a management fee for our advisory services ("Unconsolidated Locations"). As of December 31, 2022, our locations in India, the Greater China region, Israel, and certain Common Desk Inc. ("Common Desk") locations under management agreements are our only Unconsolidated Locations. 
 Unless otherwise noted, we present our key performance indicators as an aggregation of Consolidated Locations and Unconsolidated Locations ("Systemwide Locations"). As presented in this Form 10-K, certain amounts, percentages and other figures have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals, dollars or percentage amounts of changes may not represent the arithmetic summation or calculation of the figures that precede them. Any totals of key performance indicators presented as of a period end reflect the count as of the first day of the last month in the period. First-of-the-month counts are used because the economics of those counts generally impact the results for that monthly period, and most move-ins and openings occur on the first day of the month. 
 Workstation Capacity 
 Workstation capacity represents the estimated number of workstations available at total open locations. 
 Workstation capacity is a key indicator of our scale and our capacity to sell memberships across our network of locations. Our future sales and marketing expenses and capital expenditures will be a function of our efforts to increase workstation capacity. The cost at which we build out our workstations affects our capital expenditures, and the cost at which we acquire memberships and fill our workstations affects our sales and marketing expenses. As of December 2022, we had total workstation capacity of 906 thousand, down less than 1 from 912 thousand as of December 2021, with the decrease as a direct result of the Company's continued operational restructuring efforts to exit leases throughout 2022. 
 Workstation capacity is presented in this Form 10-K rounded to the nearest thousand. Workstation capacity is based on management s best estimates of capacity at a location based on our inventory management system and sales layouts and is not meant to represent the actual count of workstations at our locations. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Memberships 
 Memberships are the cumulative number of physical memberships, WeWork All Access memberships, and WeMemberships (the latter of which are certain predecessor products). Physical memberships provide access to a workstation and represent the number of memberships from our various product offerings, including our standard dedicated desks, private offices and customized floors. WeWork All Access memberships are monthly memberships providing an individual with access to participating WeWork locations. WeMemberships are legacy products that provide member user login access to the WeWork member network online or through the mobile application as well as access to service offerings and the right to reserve space on an la carte basis, among other benefits. Each physical membership, WeWork All Access membership, and other legacy memberships is considered to be one membership. 
 The number of memberships is a key indicator of the adoption of our global membership network, the scale and reach of our network and our ability to fill our locations with members. Memberships also represent monetization opportunities from our current and future service offerings. Memberships are presented in this Form 10-K rounded to the nearest thousand. Memberships can differ from the number of individuals using workspace at our locations for a number of reasons, including members utilizing workspace for fewer individuals than the space was designed to accommodate. 
 As of December 2022, we had 754 thousand total memberships, an increase of 19 from 635 thousand memberships as of December 2021. This increase in total memberships included a 16 increase in physical memberships and a 54 increase in WeWork All Access and Other Legacy Memberships. 
 Physical Occupancy Rate 
 Physical occupancy rates are calculated by dividing physical memberships by workstation capacity in a location. Physical occupancy rates are a way of measuring how full our workspaces are. As of December 2022, our physical occupancy rate was 75 , compared to 65 as of December 2021. The increase in physical occupancy rate was primarily due to a 16 increase in physical memberships as members continue returning to the office. 
 Physical Membership Average Revenue per Membership 
 Physical membership monthly average revenue per membership ("ARPM") is calculated by dividing membership and service revenue less WeWork Access revenue and Unconsolidated Locations management fee revenue by Consolidated Locations cumulative physical memberships in the period. For example, a member that is active for ten months of the year would represent ten cumulative physical memberships. Physical membership monthly ARPM is a way of measuring the impact of revenue due to changes in price or rate. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our physical membership monthly ARPM was 481, compared to 487 as of December 31, 2021. 
 A calculation of Physical Membership Monthly ARPM is set forth below: 
 (Amounts in millions, except memberships in thousands and ARPM in ones) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Membership and service revenue 3,201 2,467 3,133 WeWork Access revenue (178) (71) Unconsolidated Locations management fee revenue (18) (9) (5) Consolidated Locations Physical Membership and Service revenue 3,005 2,387 3,128 Consolidated Locations cumulative physical memberships 6,252 4,899 6,218 Physical Membership Monthly ARPM 481 487 503 
 Enterprise Physical Membership Percentage 
 Enterprise memberships represent memberships attributable to Enterprise Members, which we define as organizations with 500 or more full-time employees. Enterprise Members are strategically important for 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 our business as they typically sign membership agreements with longer-term commitments and for multiple solutions, which enhances our revenue visibility. 
 Enterprise physical membership percentage represents the percentage of our memberships attributable to these organizations. There is no minimum number of workstations that an organization needs to reserve in order to be considered an Enterprise Member. For example, an organization with 700 full-time employees that pays for 50 of its employees to occupy workstations at our locations would be considered one Enterprise Member with 50 memberships. As of December 2022, 46 of our Consolidated Locations physical memberships were attributable to Enterprise Members, down from 47 as of December 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Enterprise Memberships accounted for 46 of membership and service revenue compared to 48 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To evaluate the performance of our business, we rely on both our results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow, and constant-currency presentation of certain financial measures. These non-GAAP measures, as discussed further below, are not defined or calculated under principles, standards or rules that comprise GAAP. Accordingly, the non-GAAP financial measures we use and refer to should not be viewed as a substitute for financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and we encourage you not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business, financial condition, or results of operations. These non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental measures that we believe provide management and our investors with a more detailed understanding of our performance. Our definitions of Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow, and constant-currency described below are specific to our business and you should not assume that they are comparable to similarly titled financial measures that may be presented by other companies. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We supplement our GAAP financial results by evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure. We define "Adjusted EBITDA" as net loss before income tax (benefit) provision, interest and other (income) expenses, net, depreciation and amortization, restructuring and other related (gains) costs, impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets, stock-based compensation expense, stock-based payments for services rendered by consultants, change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, legal, tax and regulatory reserves or settlements, legal costs incurred by the Company in connection with regulatory investigations and litigation regarding the Company s 2019 withdrawn initial public offering and the related execution of the SoftBank Transactions, as defined in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K, net of any insurance or other recoveries, and expense related to mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and capital raising activities. 
 A reconciliation of net loss, the most comparable GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA is set forth below: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net loss (1) 
 (2,295) (4,632) (3,834) Income tax (benefit) provision (1) 
 6 3 20 Interest and other (income) expenses, net (1) 
 698 931 (533) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 641 709 779 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs (1) 
 (200) 434 207 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets (1) 
 625 870 1,356 Stock-based compensation expense (2) 
 49 110 51 Other, net (3) 
 (1) 42 71 Adjusted EBITDA (477) (1,533) (1,883) 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 (1) As presented on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Represents the non-cash expense of our equity compensation arrangements for employees, directors, and consultants. 
 (3) Other, net includes the remaining adjustments described above and are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 When used in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful supplemental measure of operating performance because it facilitates comparisons of historical performance by excluding non-cash items such as stock-based payments, fair market value adjustments and impairment charges and other amounts not directly attributable to our primary operations, such as the impact of restructuring costs, acquisitions, disposals, non-routine investigations, litigation and settlements. Depreciation and amortization relate primarily to the depreciation of our leasehold improvements, equipment and furniture. These capital expenditures are incurred and capitalized subsequent to the commencement of our leases and are depreciated over the lesser of the useful life of the asset or the term of the lease. The initial capital expenditures are assessed by management as an investing activity, and the related depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges that are not considered in management s assessment of the daily operating performance of our locations. As a result the impact of depreciation and amortization is excluded from our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA. Restructuring and other related (gains) costs relate primarily to the decision to slow growth and terminate leases and are therefore not ordinary course costs directly attributable to the daily operation of our locations. In addition, while the legal costs incurred by the Company in connection with regulatory investigations and litigation regarding the Company s 2019 withdrawn initial public offering and the related execution of the SoftBank Transactions are cash expenses, these are not expected to be recurring after the matters are resolved and they do not represent expenses necessary for our business operations. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is also a key metric used internally by our management to evaluate performance and develop internal budgets and forecasts. 
 Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analyzing our results as reported under GAAP and does not provide a complete understanding of our operating results as a whole. Some of these limitations are: 
 it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 it does not reflect our interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 it does not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes; 
 it does not reflect historical capital expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 although stock-based compensation expenses are non-cash charges, we rely on equity compensation to compensate and incentivize employees, directors and certain consultants, and we may continue to do so in the future; and 
 although depreciation, amortization and impairments are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and this non-GAAP measure does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 Because of the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA, as noted above, we also supplement our GAAP results by evaluating Free Cash Flow, a non-GAAP measure. We define "Free Cash Flow" as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software, each as presented in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The prior years' financial information has been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation for the aggregation of capitalized software of 47 million, 40 million and 23 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and purchases of property and equipment into one financial statement line item, "Purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software". 
 A reconciliation of net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most comparable GAAP measure, to Free Cash Flow is set forth below: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (1) 
 (733) (1,912) (857) Less: Purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software (1) 
 (338) (337) (1,464) Free Cash Flow (1,071) (2,249) (2,321) 
 (1) As presented on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Free Cash Flow is both a performance measure and a liquidity measure that we believe provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by or used in the business. Free Cash Flow is also a key metric used internally by our management to develop internal budgets, forecasts and performance targets. 
 Free Cash Flow has limitations as an analytical tool, should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analyzing our results as reported under GAAP and does not provide a complete understanding of our results and liquidity as a whole. Some of these limitations are: 
 it only includes cash outflows for purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software and not for other investing cash flow activity or financing cash flow activity; 
 it is subject to variation between periods as a result of changes in working capital and changes in timing of receipts and disbursements; 
 although non-cash GAAP straight-line lease costs are non-cash adjustments, these charges generally reflect amounts we will be required to pay our landlords in cash over the lifetime of our leases; and 
 although stock-based compensation expenses are non-cash charges, we rely on equity compensation to compensate and incentivize employees, directors and certain consultants, and we may continue to do so in the future. 
 Constant-Currency 
 The U.S. dollar is the functional currency of our consolidated and unconsolidated entities operating in the United States. For our consolidated and unconsolidated entities operating outside of the United States, we generally assign the relevant local currency as the functional currency, as the local currency is generally the principal currency of the economic environment in which the foreign entity primarily generates and expends cash. As exchange rates may fluctuate between periods, revenue and operating expenses, when converted into U.S. dollars, may also fluctuate between periods. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 our results of operations were primarily impacted by fluctuations in the U.S. dollar-British Pound and U.S. dollar-Euro. 
 We supplement our GAAP financial results and Adjusted EBITDA by evaluating our results on a constant-currency basis. We believe that the disclosure of our financial results on a constant-currency basis is a useful supplemental measure of operating performance because it facilitates comparisons of historical performance by excluding the effects of foreign currency volatility. We calculate our constant-currency results by translating the prior year functional currency results at the current period actual foreign currency exchange rate. The presentation of financial results on a constant-currency basis should be 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table sets forth the constant-currency impact of foreign exchange for certain financial measures on the Company s Consolidated Results of Operations and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) Actual Currency Actual Currency FX Impact Actual Currency Constant Currency Revenue 3,245 2,570 (126) 26 33 Expenses: Location operating expenses cost of revenue (1) 
 2,914 3,085 (144) (6) (1) Pre-opening location expenses 121 159 (6) (24) (21) Selling, general and administrative expenses (2) 
 735 1,011 (32) (27) (25) Restructuring and other related (gains) costs (200) 434 9 (146) (145) Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 625 870 (23) (28) (26) Depreciation and amortization 641 709 (29) (10) (6) Total expenses 4,836 6,268 (225) (23) (20) Loss from operations (1,591) (3,698) 99 (57) (56) Adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 (477) (1,533) 54 (69) (68) 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately on the Depreciation and amortization line in the amount of 602 million and 672 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes cost of revenue in the amount of 35 million and 91 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) See section entitled " Key Performance Indicators Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA " for a reconciliation of net loss, the most comparable GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 The following table sets forth the constant-currency impact of foreign exchange for certain financial measures on the Company s Consolidated Results of Operations and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) Actual Currency Actual Currency FX Impact Actual Currency Constant Currency Revenue 2,570 3,416 70 (25) (26) Expenses: Location operating expenses cost of revenue (1) 
 3,085 3,543 72 (13) (15) Pre-opening location expenses 159 273 5 (42) (43) Selling, general and administrative expenses (2) 
 1,011 1,605 (38) (37) (35) Restructuring and other related (gains) costs 434 207 3 110 106 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 870 1,356 2 (36) (36) Depreciation and amortization 709 779 11 (9) (10) Total expenses 6,268 7,763 55 (19) (20) Loss from operations (3,698) (4,347) 15 (15) (15) Adjusted EBITDA (3) 
 (1,533) (1,883) 32 (19) (17) 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately on the Depreciation and amortization line in the amount of 672 million and 715 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Includes cost of revenue in the amount of 91 million and 249 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) See section entitled " Key Performance Indicators Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA " for a reconciliation of net loss, the most comparable GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Results 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 As a global company, the comparability of our results of operations may be impacted by fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates used to translate our financial results to the U.S. dollar in countries where the U.S. dollar is not the functional currency. As the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to the functional currencies of our international operations, our international revenues will be unfavorably impacted, and as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other functional currencies our international revenues will be favorably impacted. 
 See section above entitled " Key Performance Indicators Non-GAAP Financial Measures Constant Currency " for more information on how we supplement our financial results by evaluating them on a constant currency basis. 
 Restructuring, Impairments and Asset Dispositions 
 In September 2019, we commenced an operational restructuring program to improve our financial position and refocus on our core space-as-a-service business, establishing an expected path to profitable growth. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we were successful in achieving a 37 reduction totaling 594 million in total costs associated with Selling, general and administrative expenses as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we achieved an additional 27 reduction totaling 276 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we terminated leases associated with a total of 35 previously opened locations and 5 pre-open locations compared to 98 previously opened locations and 8 pre-open locations terminated during the year ended December 31, 2021, bringing the total terminations since the beginning of the restructuring to 252. 
 In conjunction with the efforts to right-size our real estate portfolio, the Company has also successfully amended over 500 leases for a combination of partial terminations to reduce our leased space, rent reductions, rent deferrals, offsets for tenant improvement allowances and other strategic changes. These amendments and full and partial lease terminations have resulted in an estimated reduction of approximately 10.7 billion in total future undiscounted fixed minimum lease cost payments that were scheduled to be paid over the life of the original executed lease agreements, including changes to the obligations of ChinaCo which occurred during the period it was consolidated. 
 Management is continuing to evaluate our real estate portfolio in connection with our ongoing restructuring efforts and expects to exit additional leases over the remainder of the restructuring period. The Company anticipates that there may be additional impairment, restructuring and related costs during 2023, consisting primarily of lease termination charges, other exit costs and costs related to ceased use buildings, as the Company is still in the process of finalizing its operational restructuring plans. 
 In connection with our operational restructuring program, and our refocus on our core space-as-a-service offering, we were successful in the disposition of certain non-core operations in 2020 including: 
 Flatiron, acquired in 2017, was sold in August 2020; 
 SpaceIQ, a workplace management software platform acquired in 2019, was sold in May 2020; 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Meetup, a web-based platform that brings people together for face to face interactions acquired in 2017, was sold in March 2020, with the Company retaining a 9 noncontrolling equity interest, accounted for as an equity method investment; 
 Managed by Q, a workplace management platform acquired in 2019, was sold in March 2020; 
 The 424 Fifth Venture (see Note 10 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details) real estate investment, acquired in 2019, was sold in March 2020; and 
 Teem, a software-as-a-service workplace management solution acquired in 2018, was sold in January 2020. 
 There were no dispositions during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Revenue generated prior to the disposition of the non-core offerings listed above is recorded in Other Revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we believe that the positive changes we have made and our focused business plan with enhanced cost discipline will set the stage for our future success as we continue to increase our membership offerings and expand our footprint strategically through flexible and capital light growth alternatives . 
 As the Company continues to execute on its operational restructuring program and experiences the benefits of our efforts to create a leaner, more efficient organization, results may be less comparable period over period. 
 See Note 5 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding our restructuring activities and impairment. 
 COVID-19 and Impact on our Business 
 In late 2019, an outbreak of COVID-19 had emerged and by March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. Since that time, COVID-19 has resulted in various governments imposing numerous restrictions, including travel bans, quarantines, stay-at-home orders, social distancing requirements and mandatory closure of non-essential businesses. 
 The Company had been adversely impacted by member churn, non-payment (or delayed payment) from members or members seeking payment concessions or deferrals or cancellations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Throughout 2020, Consolidated Locations physical memberships declined from 584 thousand as of December 2019, including 59 thousand physical memberships in ChinaCo prior to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation (discussed below), to 387 thousand as of December 2020. In 2021, Consolidated Locations physical memberships further declined to 378 thousand as of March 2021, and started to rebound in the second quarter of 2021 resulting in 469 thousand Consolidated Locations physical memberships as of December 2021. These changes in physical memberships negatively affected our results of operations throughout 2020 and 2021. In order to retain our members, we offered additional discounts or deferrals that negatively impacted our net loss, net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow. The physical monthly ARPM declined from 503 to 487 during the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Although we have experienced indicators of recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic through the increase in physical memberships to 547 thousand as of December 2022, the physical monthly ARPM during the year ended December 31, 2022, declined slightly to 481 which is mainly attributable to the foreign currency impact on revenue as shown above in section entitled " Key Performance Indicators Constant Currency". 
 The Company is continuing to actively monitor its accounts receivable balances in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and ceased recording revenue on certain existing contracts where collectability is 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 not probable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no significant additions or recoveries on such contracts. 
 In the wake of the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we accelerated our efforts to digitize our real estate offering through the launch of the WeWork Access products. 
 ChinaCo Deconsolidation 
 In September 2020, the shareholders of ChinaCo executed a restructuring and Series A subscription agreement (the "ChinaCo Agreement"). Pursuant to the ChinaCo Agreement, among other things, the rights of the ChinaCo shareholders were amended such that upon the Initial Investment Closing, WeWork no longer retained the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and as a result, WeWork was no longer the primary beneficiary of ChinaCo and ChinaCo was deconsolidated from the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements on October 2, 2020 (the "ChinaCo Deconsolidation"). As such, the Company's consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 include nine months of consolidated ChinaCo revenue and expense activity. Beginning on October 2, 2020, our remaining 21.6 ordinary share investment, valued at 26 million upon the ChinaCo Deconsolidation, is accounted for as an unconsolidated equity method investment. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company recorded a loss on the ChinaCo Deconsolidation of 153 million included in impairment/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the consolidated statement of operations. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company discontinued applying the equity method on the ChinaCo investment when the carrying amount was reduced to zero, resulting in a loss of 29 million included in equity method investments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 See also Note 10 and Note 13 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for defined terms and additional details regarding the ChinaCo Agreement and the ChinaCo Deconsolidation, and discontinuation of applying the equity method, respectively. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 We assess the performance of our locations differently based on whether the revenues and expenses of the location are consolidated within our results of operations, which we refer to as Consolidated Locations, or whether the revenues and expenses of the location are not consolidated within our results of operations but for which we are entitled to a management fee for our services, such as locations IndiaCo locations, "ChinaCo locations," "Israel locations," and certain Common Desk locations, and collectively, Unconsolidated Locations) operated by WeWork India Services Private Limited, TBP, Ampa, and Common Desk, respectively. Beginning with the fourth quarter of 2020, ChinaCo locations are included in Unconsolidated Locations. Prior to and during the nine months ended September 30, 2020, ChinaCo locations were included in Consolidated Locations. The term locations includes only Consolidated Locations when used in the sections entitled Components of Results of Operations" and " Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 but includes both Consolidated Locations and Unconsolidated Locations when used elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 Revenue 
 Revenue includes membership and service revenue as well as other revenue as described below. 
 Membership revenue represents membership fees, net of discounts from sales of physical memberships ("WeWork Membership revenue") and membership fees, net of discounts from sales of WeWork All Access Memberships, WeWork On Demand and WeMemberships (collectively, "WeWork Access revenue"). We derive a significant majority of our revenue from recurring membership fees. The price of each membership varies based on the type of workplace solution selected by the member, the geographic location of the space occupied, and any monthly allowances for business services, such as conference room reservations and printing or copying allotments, that are included in the base membership fee. All 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 memberships include access to our community through the WeWork app. Membership revenue is recognized monthly, on a ratable basis, over the life of the agreement, as access to space is provided. From time to time, members may terminate long term membership agreements for an early termination fee. The early termination fees are recognized as a component of Membership revenue and is amortized over the remaining duration of the membership agreement. 
 Service revenue primarily includes additional billings to members for ancillary business services in excess of the monthly allowances mentioned above. Services offered to members include access to conference rooms, printing, photocopies, initial set-up fees, phone and IT services, parking fees and other services. 
 Service revenue also includes commissions we earn from third-party service providers. We offer access to a variety of business and other services to our members, often at exclusive rates, and receive a percentage of the sale when one of our members purchases a service from a third party. These services range from business services to lifestyle perks. Service revenue also includes any management fee income for services provided to IndiaCo locations, ChinaCo locations, Israel locations (subsequent to the franchise agreement on June 1, 2021), and certain Common Desk locations. Service revenue is recognized on a monthly basis as the services are provided. 
 Service revenue does not include any revenue recognized related to other non-core offerings not related to our space-as-a-service offering. 
 Other revenue primarily includes our former Powered by We design and development services in which we offered on-site office management that provides integrated design, construction and space management services. 
 Design and development services performed are recognized as revenue over time based on a percentage of contract costs incurred to date compared to the total estimated contract cost. The Company identifies only the specific costs incurred that contribute to the Company s progress in satisfying the performance obligation. Contracts are generally segmented between types of services, such as consulting contracts, design and construction contracts, and operate contracts. Revenues related to each respective type of contract are recognized as or when the respective performance obligations are satisfied. When total cost estimates for these types of arrangements exceed revenues in a fixed-price arrangement, the estimated losses are recognized immediately. 
 Other revenue also includes revenue generated from various other non-core offerings, not directly related to the revenue we earn under our membership agreements through which we provide space-as-a-service. For example, the revenue generated by the following during the periods prior to their disposition or wind down during the year ended December 31, 2020, are all classified as other revenue: Flatiron, Meetup, SpaceIQ, Managed by Q, Teem, Prolific, Waltz and WeGrow (collectively, our "non-core operations" or "non-core offerings"). See the section entitled " Key Factors Affecting Comparability of Our Results Restructuring, Impairment, and Asset Dispositions" above. 
 Also included in other revenue is other management and advisory fees earned. Other revenues are generally recognized over time, on a monthly basis, as the services are performed. 
 Location Operating Expenses 
 Location operating expenses include the day-to-day costs of operating an open location and exclude pre-opening costs, depreciation and amortization and general sales and marketing, which are separately recorded. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Lease Cost 
 Our most significant location operating expense is lease cost. Lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease term in accordance with GAAP based on the following three key components: 
 Lease cost contractually paid or payable represents cash payments due for base and contingent rent, common area maintenance amounts and real estate taxes payable under the Company s lease agreements, recorded on an accrual basis of accounting, regardless of the timing of when such amounts were actually paid. 
 Amortization of lease incentives represents the amortization of amounts received or receivable for tenant improvement allowances and broker commissions (collectively, lease incentives ), amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of our leases. 
 Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost represents the adjustment required under GAAP to recognize the impact of "free rent" periods and lease cost escalation clauses on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost also includes the amortization of capitalized initial direct costs associated with obtaining a lease. 
 Other Location Operating Expenses 
 Other location operating expenses typically include utilities, ongoing repairs and maintenance, cleaning expenses, office expenses, security expenses, credit card processing fees and food and beverage costs. Location operating expenses also include personnel and related costs for the teams managing our community operations, including member relations, new member sales and member retention and facilities management. 
 Pre-Opening Location Expenses 
 Pre-opening location expenses include all expenses incurred while a location is not open for members. The primary components of pre-opening location expenses are lease cost expense, including our share of tenancy costs (including real estate and related taxes and common area maintenance charges), utilities, cleaning, personnel and related expenses and other costs incurred prior to generating revenue. Personnel expenses are included in pre-opening location expenses as we staff our locations prior to their opening to help ensure a smooth opening and a successful member move-in experience. Pre-opening location expenses also consist of expenses incurred during the period in which a workspace location has been closed for member operations and all members have been relocated to a new workspace location, prior to management's decision to enter negotiations to terminate a lease. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses consist primarily of personnel and stock-based compensation expenses related to our corporate employees, technology, consulting, legal and other professional services expenses, and costs for our corporate offices, such as costs associated with our billings, collections, purchasing and accounts payable functions. Also included in SG A expenses are general sales and marketing efforts, including advertising costs, member referral fees, and costs associated with strategic marketing events, and various other costs we incur to manage and support our business. 
 SG A expenses also include cost of goods sold in connection with our former Powered by We on-site office design, development and management solutions and the costs of services or goods sold related to our various other non-core offerings described above in the periods prior to their disposition or wind down. 
 Also included are corporate design, development, warehousing, logistics and real estate costs and expenses incurred researching and pursuing new markets, solutions and services, and other expenses related to the Company's growth and global expansion incurred during periods when the Company was 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 focused on expansion. These costs include non-capitalized personnel and related expenses for our development, design, product, research, real estate, growth talent acquisition, mergers and acquisitions, legal, technology research and development teams and related professional fees and other expenses incurred such as growth related recruiting fees, employee relocation costs, due diligence, integration costs, transaction costs, contingent consideration fair value adjustments relating to acquisitions, write-off of previously capitalized costs for which the Company is no longer moving forward with the lease or project and other routine asset impairments and write-offs. 
 We expect that overall SG A expenses will decrease as a percentage of revenue over time as we continue to execute on our operational restructuring plans aimed to enhance our operating efficiency and leverage the historical investments in people and technology that we have made to support the growth of our global community. 
 Restructuring and Other Related (Gains) Costs and Impairment Expense/(Gain on Sale) of Goodwill, Intangibles and Other Assets 
 See the section entitled " Key Factors Affecting Comparability of Our Results Restructuring and Impairments" above for details surrounding the components of these financial statement line items. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Depreciation and amortization primarily relates to the depreciation expense recorded on our property and equipment, the most significant component of which are the leasehold improvements made to our real estate portfolio. 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest and other income (expense) is comprised of interest income, interest expense, earnings from equity method and other investments, foreign currency gain (loss), and gain (loss) from change in fair value of warrant liabilities. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth the Company s Consolidated Results of Operations and other key metrics for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 (Amounts in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated Statements of Operations information: 
 Revenue: Consolidated Locations membership and service revenue 3,183 2,458 3,128 Unconsolidated Locations management fee revenue 18 9 5 Other revenue 44 103 283 Total revenue 3,245 2,570 3,416 Expenses: Location operating expenses cost of revenue (1) 
 2,914 3,085 3,543 Pre-opening location expenses 121 159 273 Selling, general and administrative expenses (2) 
 735 1,011 1,605 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs (200) 434 207 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 625 870 1,356 Depreciation and amortization 641 709 779 Total expenses 4,836 6,268 7,763 Loss from operations (1,591) (3,698) (4,347) Interest and other income (expense), net (698) (931) 533 Pre-tax loss (2,289) (4,629) (3,814) Income tax benefit (provision) (6) (3) (20) Net loss (2,295) (4,632) (3,834) Noncontrolling interests 261 193 705 Net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. (2,034) (4,439) (3,129) 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately on the depreciation and amortization line in the amount of 602 million, 672 million and 715 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Includes cost of revenue in the amount of 35 million, 91 million and 249 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 Other key performance indicators (in thousands, except for percentages): December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated Locations Workstation Capacity 731 746 865 Physical Memberships 547 469 387 All Access and Other Legacy Memberships 70 45 13 Memberships (1) 
 617 514 401 Physical Occupancy Rate 75 63 45 Enterprise Physical Membership Percentage 46 47 52 Unconsolidated Locations Workstation Capacity 175 166 166 Physical Memberships 135 121 89 All Access and Other Legacy Memberships 1 Memberships 136 121 89 Physical Occupancy Rate 77 73 54 Systemwide Locations Workstation Capacity 906 912 1,030 Physical Memberships 682 590 476 All Access and Other Legacy Memberships 71 46 13 Memberships (1) 
 754 635 490 Physical Occupancy Rate 75 65 46 
 (1) Consolidated Locations and Systemwide Locations Memberships include WeMemberships of 2 thousand, 3 thousand and 6 thousand as of December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. WeMemberships are legacy products that provide member user login access to the WeWork member network online or through the mobile application as well as access to service offerings and the right to reserve space on an la carte basis, among other benefits. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results of Operations as a Percentage of Revenue 
 The following table sets forth our Consolidated Statements of Operations information as a percentage of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 100 100 100 Expenses: Location operating expenses cost of revenue (1) 
 90 120 104 Pre-opening location expenses 4 6 8 Selling, general and administrative expenses (1) 
 23 39 47 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs (6) 17 6 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 19 34 40 Depreciation and amortization 20 28 23 Total operating expenses 149 244 227 Loss from operations (49) (144) (127) Interest and other income (expense), net (22) (36) 16 Pre-tax loss (71) (180) (112) Income tax benefit (provision) (1) Net loss (71) (180) (112) Noncontrolling interests 8 7 21 Net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. 
 (63) (173) (92) 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately on the depreciation and amortization line. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Revenue 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in million, except percentages) 2022 2021 Physical membership and service revenue 3,023 2,396 627 26 WeWork Access revenue 178 71 107 151 Total membership and service revenue 3,201 2,467 734 30 Other revenue 44 103 (59) (57) Total revenue 3,245 2,570 675 26 Foreign currency impact N/A (126) Constant-currency total revenue 3,245 2,444 801 33 
 Total revenue increased 675 million and 26 , or 33 on a constant-currency basis. This increase was primarily driven by total membership and service revenue, which increased 734 million to 3,201 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 2,467 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in membership and service revenue was primarily driven by a 17 increase in physical memberships to approximately 547 thousand physical memberships as of December 2022 from approximately 469 thousand physical memberships as of December 2021, resulting in monthly average physical memberships increasing 28 to approximately 521 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 from approximately 408 thousand monthly average physical memberships for the year ended December 31, 2021. Physical membership monthly ARPM has remained consistent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is mainly attributable to the negative foreign currency impact seen above. See section below entitled "Quarterly Results of Operations" for the physical memberships as of each sequential quarterly period. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic affecting physical memberships and related revenues, we continue to focus our efforts on digitizing our real estate offering through WeWork All Access and WeWork On Demand, which has resulted in an increase of All Access memberships to approximately 70 thousand as of December 2022 from approximately 45 thousand as of December 2021. The increase in WeWork All Access memberships also resulted in an increase of our WeWork Access revenue to 178 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 71 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. See section above entitled "Key Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Results - COVID-19 and Impact on our Business" for further details on COVID-19. 
 The increases in revenue discussed above were partially offset by a 57 decrease in other revenue to 44 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 103 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by the decrease in revenue to 23 million from 69 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the 424 Fifth Property development agreement, which reached substantial completion during the three months ended June 30, 2022. See Note 19 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information on the development agreement. 
 See Note 19 and Note 28 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details on remaining revenue commitments and geographic concentration of revenue, respectively. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Physical membership and service revenue 2,396 3,133 (737) (24) WeWork Access revenue 71 71 N/M Total membership and service revenue 2,467 3,133 (666) (21) Other revenue 103 283 (180) (64) Total revenue 2,570 3,416 (846) (25) Foreign currency impact N/A 70 Constant-currency total revenue 2,570 3,486 (916) (26) ChinaCo included in consolidated results: ChinaCo Membership and service revenue 204 (204) (100) ChinaCo Other revenue 2 (2) (100) Total revenue excluding ChinaCo 2,570 3,210 (640) (20) 
 Total revenue decreased 846 million primarily driven by membership and service revenue, which decreased 666 million to 2,467 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 3,133 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in membership and service revenue was primarily driven by a 21 decrease in monthly average physical memberships to approximately 408 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 from approximately 518 thousand monthly average physical memberships for the year ended December 31, 2020. We also continued to offer COVID-19 related discounts to retain our members, decreasing the average revenue per physical member by 3 from for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Throughout 2021, the Company reached settlement agreements with members on certain contracts in which we ceased recognizing revenue for where we deemed collectability was not probable previously and recognized revenue related to these recoveries of approximately 19 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. For additional information, see the section entitled "Key Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Results COVID-19 and Impact on our Business" above. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the decline in average physical memberships during the year ended December 31, 2021, we accelerated our efforts to digitize our real estate offering through the launch of the WeWork All Access and WeWork On Demand products in 2021, attributing to 71 million of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Included in net decreases in membership and service revenue discussed above was a decrease of approximately 204 million in membership and service revenue related to ChinaCo. ChinaCo was deconsolidated as of October 2, 2020 and therefore contributed to consolidated membership and service revenue for nine months during the year ended December 31, 2020 but not during the same period in 2021. 
 Additionally, there was a 64 decrease in other revenue, which decreased to 103 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 283 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This 180 million decrease primarily related to a 122 million decrease in revenue generated from our Powered by We solution, primarily Powered by We development services. Included within 2021 Powered by We development services is approximately 69 million related to a development project scheduled to be completed during 2022. There was also a 48 million decrease in other revenue primarily due to the sale of non-core ventures that were sold in 2020 as a result of our plan to refocus on our core space-as-a-service business. The remaining 10 million net decrease is related to decreases in revenue from various other offerings, of which 2 million related to ChinaCo revenue. 
 See Note 19 and Note 28 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details on remaining revenue commitments and geographic concentration of revenue, respectively. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Location Operating Expenses 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Location operating expenses 2,914 3,085 (171) (6) Impact of foreign exchange N/A (144) Constant-currency location operating expenses 2,914 2,941 (27) (1) 
 Location operating expenses decreased 171 million and 6 , or 1 on a constant-currency basis. This decrease was due primarily to continued lease terminations and a decline in real estate operating lease costs primarily as a result of COVID-19 and related cost cutting strategies. As a percentage of total revenue, location operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 30 percentage points to 90 compared to 120 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in location operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue is attributed to both our continued cost cutting strategies compounded by a period over period increase in revenue discussed above. 
 The Company terminated leases associated with a total of 35 previously open locations and 5 pre-open locations during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 98 previously open locations and 8 pre-open locations during the year ended December 31, 2021. The location decreases were partially offset by the opening of 36 locations and acquired 4 Consolidated Locations as part of the Common Desk acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the opening of 30 locations during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also successfully amended over 70 leases which include partial terminations to reduce our leased space, rent reductions, rent deferrals, offsets for tenant improvement allowances and other strategic changes. 
 Our most significant location operating expense is real estate operating lease cost, which includes the following components and changes: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Lease cost contractually paid or payable 2,471 2,531 (60) (2) Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost 106 232 (126) (54) Amortization of lease incentives (267) (280) 13 (5) Total real estate operating lease cost 2,310 2,483 (173) (7) 
 The following table includes the components of real estate operating lease cost included in location operating expenses as a percentage of membership revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Lease cost contractually paid or payable 82 106 (24) Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost 4 10 (6) Amortization of lease incentives (9) (12) 3 Total real estate operating lease cost 76 104 (28) 
 The 126 million decrease in non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost was driven by continued lease terminations during the year ended December 31, 2022, decreases in lease cost escalations and the end of free rent periods. The decrease in non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost is also attributed to the decrease in our weighted average remaining lease term. The impact of straight-lining lease cost typically increases straight-line lease cost adjustments in the first half of the life of a lease, when lease cost recorded in accordance with GAAP exceeds cash payments made, and then decreases lease cost in the 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 second half of the life of the lease, when lease cost is less than the cash payments required. The impact of straight-lining of lease cost nets to zero over the life of a lease. 
 The 60 million decrease in lease cost contractually paid or payable was generally due to continued lease terminations and partially offset by amendments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The 13 million decrease in amortization of lease incentives benefit was primarily due to locations that incurred amortization of lease incentive benefits during the year ended December 31, 2021 no longer incurring amortization during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the lease terminations discussed above. 
 The remaining net decrease in all other location operating expenses consisted of decreases related to bad debt expense, stock-based compensation and parking expense. These decreases were offset by an increase in consumables, operating costs and utilities during the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by an increase in physical occupancy to 75 as of December 2022 from 63 as of December 2021. 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Location operating expenses 3,085 3,543 (458) (13) Impact of foreign exchange N/A 72 Constant-currency location operating expenses 3,085 3,615 (530) (15) ChinaCo included in consolidated results: ChinaCo location operating expenses 266 (266) (100) Total location operating expenses excluding ChinaCo 3,085 3,277 (192) (6) 
 Location operating expenses decreased 458 million due primarily to a decrease of approximately 266 million in location operating expenses related to ChinaCo. ChinaCo was deconsolidated as of October 2, 2020 and therefore contributed to consolidated location operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2020 but not during the same period in 2021. The remaining 192 million decrease was primarily due to decline in office expenses, payroll, consulting fees and physical occupancy, including real estate operating lease costs primarily as a result of COVID-19 and cost cutting strategies. As a percentage of total revenue, location operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by 16 percentage points to 120 compared to 104 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in location operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue was primarily impacted by the overall decline in average revenue, discussed above. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company terminated leases associated with a total of 98 previously open locations. Management is continuing to evaluate our real estate portfolio in connection with its ongoing restructuring efforts and may exit additional leases during 2022. The location decreases were partially offset by the opening of 30 locations during the year ended December 31, 2021, of which, 5 were previously placed back into pre-open and re-opened during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also successfully amended over 230 leases for a combination of partial terminations to reduce our leased space, rent reductions, rent deferrals, offsets for tenant improvement allowances and other strategic changes. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Our most significant location operating expense is real estate operating lease cost, which includes the following components and changes: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Lease cost contractually paid or payable 2,531 2,638 (107) (4) Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost 232 381 (149) (39) Amortization of lease incentives (280) (298) 18 (6) Total real estate operating lease cost 2,483 2,721 (239) (9) 
 The following table includes the components of real estate operating lease cost included in location operating expenses as a percentage of membership revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change Lease cost contractually paid or payable 106 86 20 Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost 10 12 (2) Amortization of lease incentives (12) (10) (2) Total real estate operating lease cost 104 89 15 
 The 107 million decrease in lease cost contractually paid or payable was generally due to continued lease terminations during the year ended December 31, 2021, and the ChinaCo Deconsolidation in 2020. 
 The 149 million decrease in non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost was driven by continued lease terminations during the year ended December 31, 2021, the ChinaCo Deconsolidation in 2020, decreases in lease cost escalations and the end of free rent periods. The impact of straight-lining lease cost typically increases straight-line lease cost adjustments in the first half of the life of a lease, when lease cost recorded in accordance with GAAP exceeds cash payments made, and then decreases lease cost in the second half of the life of the lease when lease cost is less than the cash payments required. The impact of straight-lining of lease cost nets to zero over the life of a lease. 
 The 18 million decrease in amortization of lease incentives benefit was primarily due to locations that incurred amortization of lease incentive benefits during the year ended December 31, 2020 no longer incurring amortization during the year ended December 31, 2021 mainly through lease terminations. 
 The remaining net decrease in all other location operating expenses consisted of decreases related to bad debt expense, cleaning expenses, the purchase of COVID-19 prevention supplies during 2020, and other office expenses as a result of a reduction in the use of certain locations during the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of COVID-19. Additionally, the decrease was also due to the reductions in operating costs as a result of the Company's efforts to create a more efficient organization, including payroll and consulting expenses. These were offset by an increase in repairs and maintenance, utilities and other various operating costs during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Pre-Opening Location Expenses 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Pre-opening location expenses 121 159 (38) (24) Impact of foreign exchange N/A (6) Constant-currency pre-opening location expenses 121 153 (32) (21) 
 Pre-opening location expenses decreased 38 million to 121 million, primarily as a result of a net decrease in lease costs from location openings and terminating leases at locations that were previously closed for member operations. 
 Our most significant pre-opening location expense is real estate operating lease cost for the period before a location is open for member operations, which includes the following components and changes: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Lease cost contractually paid or payable 91 110 (19) (17) Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost 39 61 (22) (36) Amortization of lease incentives (15) (21) 6 (29) Total pre-opening location real estate operating lease cost 115 150 (35) (23) 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Pre-opening location expenses 159 273 (114) (42) Impact of foreign exchange N/A 5 Constant-currency pre-opening location expenses 159 278 (114) (42) ChinaCo included in consolidated results: ChinaCo pre-opening location expenses 13 (13) (100) Total pre-opening location expenses excluding ChinaCo 159 260 (101) (39) 
 Pre-opening location expenses decreased 114 million to 159 million, primarily as a result of the Company's decision in the fourth quarter of 2019 and first half of 2020 to decelerate the growth rate of our platform and to focus on increasing the profitability of our existing portfolio of locations. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, there was an average of approximately 60 and 115 locations where we had taken possession of the new leased spaces but the location had not yet opened for member operations, respectively. Included in the 60 pre-open locations was an average of approximately 15 locations that were closed for member operations and all members have been relocated to a new workspace location during the year ended December 31, 2021, but management has not yet ceased use of the building. 
 Included in the net decreases discussed above was a decrease of approximately 13 million in pre-opening expenses related to ChinaCo. ChinaCo was deconsolidated as of October 2, 2020 and therefore contributed to consolidated pre-opening expenses for nine months during the year ended December 31, 2020 but none during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Our most significant pre-opening location expense is real estate operating lease cost for the period before a location is open for member operations, which includes the following components and changes: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Lease cost contractually paid or payable 110 129 (19) (15) Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost 61 172 (111) (65) Amortization of lease incentives (21) (41) 20 (49) Total pre-opening location real estate operating lease cost 150 260 (110) (42) 
 The 19 million decrease in lease cost contractually paid or payable was generally the result of the decrease in the number of pre-opening locations described above. 
 The 111 million decrease in non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost is primarily driven by the decrease in pre-opening locations and fewer free rent periods associated with our pre-opening locations as described above. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, lease cost recorded in accordance with GAAP exceeded cash payments required to be made. As the number of pre-opening locations at the end of each period has decreased as described above, so too have non-cash GAAP straight-line lease costs relating to those pre-open locations. The impact of straight-lining of lease cost nets to zero over the life of a lease. 
 The 20 million decrease in amortization of lease incentives benefit was driven by the decrease in pre-opening locations discussed above. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Selling, general and administrative expenses 735 1,011 (276) (27) Impact of foreign currency N/A (32) Constant-currency selling, general and administrative expenses 735 979 (244) (25) 
 SG A expenses decreased 276 million and 27 , or 25 on a constant-currency basis, to 735 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of total revenue, SG A expenses decreased by 16 percentage points to 23 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 39 for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven primarily by our continued focus on our goal of creating a leaner, more efficient organization. During the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, there were decreases of 75 million in cost of revenue attributable to non-core businesses that have been, or are being, wound down as the Company has refocused on its core space-as-a-service. This decrease is partly related to the 424 Fifth Property development agreement which reached substantial completion during the three months ended June 30, 2022. See Note 19 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information on the development agreement. As a result of slowing our growth, continued focus on creating a leaner, more efficient organization and our recent reduction in workforce, there was a 66 million decrease in employee compensation and benefits expenses; and a 52 million decrease of stock-based compensation. Additionally there was a 48 million decrease due to legal, tax and regulatory reserves or settlements. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,011 1,605 (594) (37) Impact of foreign exchange N/A (38) Constant-currency selling, general and administrative expenses 1,011 1,567 (556) (35) ChinaCo included in consolidated results: ChinaCo selling, general and administrative expenses 69 (69) (100) Total selling, general and administrative expenses excluding ChinaCo 1,011 1,536 (525) (34) 
 SG A expenses decreased 594 million to 1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, from the year ended December 31, 2020. Included in the 594 million decrease is a 69 million decrease in SG A expenses related to ChinaCo. ChinaCo was deconsolidated as of October 2, 2020 and therefore contributed to consolidated SG A expenses for nine months during the year ended December 31, 2020 but none during the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of total revenue, SG A expenses decreased by 8 percentage points to 39 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 47 for the year ended December 31, 2020, driven primarily by our decision during the fourth quarter of 2019 and into 2020 to slow our growth and focus on our goal of creating a leaner, more efficient organization resulting in reductions in headcount, including a 310 million decrease in employee compensation and benefits expenses, professional fees and other expenses. In addition, as a result of the temporary business interruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company was proactive in taking steps to delay or reduce spending in areas such as marketing with a steady increase in marketing costs during the year ended December 31, 2021 but an overall decrease of 29 million in advertising and promotional expenses compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. We also incurred fewer variable sales costs that are driven by our portfolio stabilization throughout 2021 and increased expense management, specifically on broker agreements during the year ended December 31, 2021, such as member referral fees which declined by 29 million during year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Included in the decrease in SG A expenses was a 158 million decrease in cost of revenue attributable to our former Powered by We solution and non-core businesses that were sold or wound down as the Company has refocused on its core space-as-a-service offering. 
 Partially offsetting the increases discussed above included an increase of 53 million of stock-based compensation for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the year end December 31, 2020. 
 
 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs (200) 434 (634) (146) Impact of foreign exchange N/A 9 Constant-currency restructuring and other related (gains) costs (200) 443 (643) (145) 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs decreased 634 million to (200) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to a 526 million decrease in employee termination costs, including the following transactions: 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Excess value paid from a principal shareholder to We Holding LLC and the fair value of stock purchased in connection with the Settlement Agreement (Note 5 and Note 24) 
 428 (428) (100) Modification of WeWork Partnership Profits Interest Units in connection with the Settlement Agreement (Note 5 and Note 24) 
 102 (102) (100) Other employee termination costs 32 28 4 14 Total employee termination costs 32 558 (526) (94) 
 The decrease in restructuring and other related (gains) costs was also due to a 73 million decrease in costs related to ceased use buildings and a 17 million decrease in legal and other exit costs. There was also an 18 million increase in gains on terminated leases associated with a total of 35 previously open locations and 5 pre-open locations during the year ended December 31, 2022. Management is continuing to evaluate the Company's real estate portfolio in connection with its ongoing restructuring efforts and expects to exit additional leases. 
 For additional information on restructuring and other related (gains) costs, see Note 5 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K and " Key Factors Affecting Comparability of Our Results Restructuring and Impairments " above. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs 434 207 227 110 Impact of foreign exchange N/A 3 Constant-currency restructuring and other related (gains) costs 434 210 224 107 
 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs increased 227 million to 434 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 366 million increase in employee termination costs, including the following transactions: 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Excess amount paid from a principal shareholder to We Holding LLC and the fair value of stock purchased in connection with the Settlement Agreement (Note 5 and Note 24) 
 428 428 N/M Modification of WeWork Partnership Profits Interest Units in connection with the Settlement Agreement (Note 5 and Note 24) 
 102 102 N/M Other employee termination costs 28 192 (164) (85) Total employee termination costs 558 192 366 191 
 The restructuring cost increase was also due to 140 million increase in costs related to ceased use buildings. 
 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs was offset by a 274 million increase to gains on terminated leases associated with a total of 98 previously open locations and a 6 million decrease in legal and other exit costs. Management is continuing to evaluate our real estate portfolio in connection with its ongoing restructuring efforts and may exit additional leases during 2022. 
 For additional information on Restructuring and other related (gains) costs, see Note 5 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K and " Key Factors Affecting Comparability of Our Results Restructuring and Impairments " above. 
 
 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 625 870 (245) (28) Impact of foreign exchange N/A (23) Constant-currency Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 625 847 (222) (26) 
 In connection with the operational restructuring program and related changes in the Company's leasing plans discussed above and the impacts on our operations from certain macroeconomic events such as COVID-19 , the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, potential economic recession, rising interest rates, and/or inflation, the Company has recorded impairment expenses on our long-lived assets. Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets decreased 245 million to 625 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and included the following components: 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Year ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions) 
 2022 2021 Impairment and write-off of long-lived assets associated with restructuring 442 754 (312) (41) Impairment expense, other 147 117 30 26 Impairment of intangible assets 36 36 N/M Gain on sale of assets (1) 1 (100) Total 625 870 (245) (28) 
 Due to uncertainty surrounding the Company's intent to complete certain software projects as a result of unforeseen delays and cost overruns, the Company concluded in the fourth quarter of 2022 that there was an impairment of such capitalized software related intangible assets. The Company recorded impairment charges and other write-offs of certain intangible assets, impairing such assets to a carrying value of zero, for impairment charges of 36 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For additional information on impairments, see Note 5 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K and " Key Factors Affecting Comparability of Our Results Restructuring and Impairments " above. 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Year ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 870 1,356 (486) (36) Impact of foreign exchange N/A 2 Constant-currency Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 870 1,358 (488) (36) 
 In connection with the operational restructuring program and related changes in the Company's leasing plans and planned or completed disposition or wind down of certain non-core operations and projects, and the impacts of COVID-19 on our operations, the Company has also recorded various other non-routine write-offs, impairments and gains on sale of goodwill, intangibles and various other long-lived assets. Impairments/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets decreased 486 million to 870 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and included the following components in year: 
 Year ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 
 2021 2020 Impairment and write-off of long-lived assets associated with restructuring 754 797 Impairment of long-lived assets primarily associated with COVID-19 117 345 Gain on sale of assets (1) (59) Loss on ChinaCo Deconsolidation 153 Impairment of assets held for sale 120 Total 870 1,356 
 For additional information on impairments, see Note 5 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K and " Key Factors Affecting Comparability of Our Results Restructuring and Impairments " above. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Depreciation and amortization expense 641 709 (68) (10) Impact of foreign exchange N/A (29) Constant-currency depreciation and amortization expense 641 680 (39) (6) 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 68 million and 10 , or 6 on a constant-currency basis, and for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by a decrease in depreciable assets as a result of the decrease in the number of our Consolidated Locations and workstation capacity and impairment expenses incurred throughout 2021 and into 2022. 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Depreciation and amortization expense 709 779 (70) (9) Impact of foreign exchange N/A 11 Constant-currency depreciation and amortization expense 709 790 (81) (10) 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 70 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily driven by a 39 million decrease related to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation. The remaining decrease in depreciation and amortization expense is due to the decrease in number of our Consolidated Locations and workstation capacity throughout 2021. 
 
 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Income (loss) from equity method investments (17) (18) 1 (6) Interest expense (516) (455) (61) 13 Interest income 9 19 (10) (53) Foreign currency gain (loss) (185) (134) (51) 38 Gain (loss) on change in fair value of warrant liabilities 11 (343) 354 (103) Interest and other income (expense), net (698) (931) 233 (25) 
 Interest and other income (expense), net increased 233 million to (698) million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a 354 million increase on net gain due to the change in fair value of warrant liabilities due to a 343 million loss on the SoftBank Senior Unsecured Notes Warrant and 2020 LC Facility Warrant during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Private Warrants were the only warrant liabilities outstanding, with an initial fair value at issuance of 18 million. The warrant liabilities are remeasured each reporting date to fair value through their exercise dates, with such adjustments driven by changes in the Company's stock price. See Note 16 and Note 18 of the notes to 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details on the Private and Public Warrants, and the fair value measurement of the Private Warrants, respectively. 
 Interest expense increased by 61 million, driven primarily by a 58 million increase from the accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs in connection with the amendments to the Credit Agreement. See Note 26 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information on the Credit Agreement. 
 Foreign currency losses increased by 51 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by the foreign currency denominated intercompany transactions that are not of a long-term investment nature as a result of our prior international expansion and currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar. The 185 million foreign currency loss during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily impacted by fluctuations in the U.S. dollar-British Pound and U.S. dollar-Euro. 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Income (loss) from equity method investments (18) (45) 27 (60) Interest expense (455) (331) (124) 37 Interest income 19 17 2 12 Foreign currency gain (loss) (134) 149 (283) (190) Gain (loss) on change in fair value of related party financial instruments (343) 820 (1,163) (142) Loss on extinguishment of debt (77) 77 (100) Interest and other income (expense), net (931) 533 (1,464) (275) 
 Interest and other income (expense), net decreased 1.5 billion to (931) million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily driven by a 1.2 billion decrease on net gain due to the change in fair value of related party financial instruments. The related party financial instruments are remeasured to fair value through their exercise dates, with such adjustments driven by changes in the Company's stock price. See Note 18 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details on these related party financial instruments. 
 Foreign currency gains decreased by 283 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily driven by decrease in the foreign currency denominated intercompany transactions that are not of a long-term investment nature as a result of our prior international expansion and currency fluctuations against the dollar. The 134 million foreign currency loss during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily impacted by fluctuations in the U.S. dollar-Euro, U.S. dollar-British Pound, U.S. dollar-Mexican Peso, and U.S. dollar-South Korean Won exchange rates. 
 Interest expense increased by 124 million primarily due to a 84 million increase in interest expense due to the increased principal balance of the 5.00 Senior Notes, and a 32 million increase in deferred financing costs related to the 5.00 Senior Notes and the Credit Agreement and related amendment . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020 the Company recognized a 77 million loss on extinguishment of debt due to the extinguishment of certain other loans as a result of principal prepayments, with no comparable activity during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The loss from equity method investments decreased 27 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This decrease was primarily due to equity pick-ups to earnings and gains on sale of equity method investments partially offset by the Company's loss on 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 its investment in ChinaCo and credit losses related to available-for-sale debt securities. See Note 13 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details on equity method and other investments. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit (Provision) 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Income tax benefit (provision) (6) (3) (3) 100 
 There was a 3 million net increase for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily due to the increase in current income tax expense in jurisdictions without net operating losses and withholding tax accruals partially offset by the release in valuation allowance. 
 Our effective income tax rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the effect of certain non-deductible permanent differences, the effect of our operating in jurisdictions with various statutory tax rates, and valuation allowances. For additional information, see Note 21 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K . 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Income tax benefit (provision) (3) (20) 17 (85) 
 There was a 17 million net decrease in the tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, was primarily due to the deconsolidation of ChinaCo in 2020, rate changes in certain non-US jurisdictions and lower withholding taxes paid. This was partially offset by additional valuation allowance recorded during year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Our effective income tax rate during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the effect of certain non-deductible permanent differences, the effect of our operating in jurisdictions with various statutory tax rates, and valuation allowances. For additional information, see Note 21 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K . 
 
 Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 During 2017 through 2022, various consolidated subsidiaries issued equity to other parties in exchange for cash as more fully described in Note 10 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. As we have the power to direct the activities of these entities that most significantly impact their economic performance and the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to these entities, they remain our consolidated subsidiaries, and the interests owned by the other investors and the net income or loss and comprehensive income or loss attributable to the other investors are reflected as noncontrolling interests on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, respectively. 
 The increase in the net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests from year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 of 68 million, is primarily due to the issuance of noncontrolling 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 interests of LatamCo in September 2021 and conversion of WeWork Partnership Profits Interest Units into WeWork Partnership Class A common units (discussed below). 
 In October 2021, Mr. Neumann converted 19,896,032 vested WeWork Partnership Profits Interest Units into WeWork Partnership Class A common units. As a result of the 2.72 ownership of the WeWork Partnership during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company allocated a loss of 56 million through noncontrolling interests, as compared to 16 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 See Note 13 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for discussion of the Company s non-consolidated VIEs. 
 The decrease in the net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests from the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 of 512 million is primarily due to our decision during the fourth quarter of 2019 and first half of 2020 to slow our growth and focus on our goal of creating a leaner, more efficient organization. Included during the year ended December 31, 2020, were increases in net losses incurred by the JapanCo, ChinaCo (prior to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation), and PacificCo (prior to the PacificCo Roll-up), while during the year ended December 31, 2021, only JapanCo and LatamCo were included, as PacificCo became wholly owned and ChinaCo was deconsolidated. 
 
 Net Loss Attributable to WeWork Inc. 
 As a result of the factors described above, we recorded a net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. of (2.0) billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to (4.4) billion and (3.1) billion for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Quarterly Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain unaudited financial and operating information for the quarterly periods presented and certain non-GAAP financial measures. The quarterly information includes all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the information presented. This information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 Three Months Ended (Amounts in millions, except ARPM in ones) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Revenue: 
 Consolidated Locations membership and service revenue 834 809 796 744 694 625 564 575 609 Unconsolidated Locations management fee revenue and cost reimbursement revenue 4 6 5 3 2 2 1 4 3 Other revenue 
 10 2 14 18 22 34 28 19 54 Total revenue 848 817 815 765 718 661 593 598 666 Expenses: 
 Location operating expenses cost of revenue (1) 
 712 730 736 736 733 752 780 818 814 Pre-opening location expenses 
 13 23 38 47 42 40 43 35 46 Selling, general and administrative expenses (1) 
 157 181 189 208 278 234 227 274 292 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs (10) (34) (26) (130) (48) 16 (28) 494 52 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 401 97 36 91 241 88 242 299 546 Depreciation and amortization 
 156 156 158 171 174 171 180 184 191 Total expenses 1,429 1,153 1,131 1,123 1,420 1,301 1,444 2,104 1,941 Loss from operations (581) (336) (316) (358) (702) (640) (851) (1,506) (1,275) Interest and other income (expense), net 
 55 (290) (316) (147) (103) (206) (68) (553) 105 Pre-tax loss 
 (526) (626) (632) (505) (805) (846) (919) (2,059) (1,170) Income taxes benefit (provision) (1) (3) (3) 1 2 2 (4) (3) 2 Net loss 
 (527) (629) (635) (504) (803) (844) (923) (2,062) (1,168) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 73 61 58 69 88 42 34 30 28 Net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. (454) (568) (577) (435) (715) (802) (889) (2,032) (1,140) Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 (26) (105) (134) (212) (283) (356) (449) (446) (472) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (88) (110) (197) (338) (373) (380) (618) (541) (439) Less: Purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software (68) (95) (101) (74) (105) (61) (42) (129) (192) Free Cash Flow (3) 
 (156) (205) (298) (412) (478) (441) (660) (670) (631) Physical Membership Monthly ARPM (4) 
 481 477 481 484 484 485 482 500 512 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately on the depreciation and amortization line. 
 (2) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. A reconciliation of net loss, the most comparable GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA is set forth below: 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended (Amounts in millions) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net loss (527) (629) (635) (504) (803) (844) (923) (2,062) (1,168) Income tax (benefit) provision 
 1 3 3 (1) (2) (2) 4 3 (2) Interest and other (income) expense 
 (55) 290 316 147 103 206 68 553 (105) Depreciation and amortization 
 156 156 158 171 174 171 180 184 191 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs (10) (34) (26) (130) (48) 16 (28) 494 52 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 401 97 36 91 241 88 242 299 546 Stock-based compensation expense 
 10 13 13 13 48 4 4 54 7 Other, net (2) (1) 1 1 4 5 4 29 7 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (26) (105) (134) (212) (283) (356) (449) (446) (472) 
 (3) Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. A reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities is presented in the table above. 
 (4) A calculation of Physical Membership Monthly ARPM, an operating metric, is set forth below: 
 Three Months Ended (Amounts in millions, except memberships in thousands, and ARPM in ones) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Membership and service revenue 838 815 801 747 696 627 565 579 612 WeWork Access revenue (50) (47) (45) (36) (29) (20) (13) (9) Unconsolidated Locations management fee revenue (4) (6) (5) (3) (2) (2) (1) (4) (3) Consolidated Locations Physical Membership and Service revenue 784 762 751 708 665 605 551 567 609 Consolidated Locations cumulative physical memberships 1,629 1,596 1,562 1,465 1,373 1,248 1,143 1,134 1,191 Physical Membership Monthly ARPM 481 477 481 484 484 485 482 500 512 

88 

Table of Contents 

Other key performance indicators (in thousands, except for revenue in millions and percentages): December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Consolidated Locations Membership and service revenues 834 809 796 744 694 625 564 575 609 Workstation Capacity 731 756 749 746 746 766 770 804 865 Physical Memberships 547 536 528 501 469 432 386 378 387 All Access and Other Legacy Memberships 70 67 62 55 45 32 20 15 13 Memberships 617 603 589 555 514 464 406 393 401 Physical Occupancy Rate 75 71 70 67 63 56 50 47 45 Enterprise Physical Membership Percentage 46 47 45 46 47 49 52 52 52 Unconsolidated Locations Membership and service revenues (1) 
 129 132 134 134 133 119 101 90 86 Workstation Capacity 175 173 172 174 166 165 168 160 166 Physical Memberships 135 135 133 128 121 114 110 97 89 All Access and Other Legacy Memberships 1 1 1 Memberships 136 136 134 128 121 114 111 97 89 Physical Occupancy Rate 77 78 77 73 73 69 66 61 54 Systemwide Locations Membership and service revenues (2) 
 963 941 930 878 827 744 665 665 695 Workstation Capacity 906 928 922 920 912 932 937 963 1,030 Physical Memberships 682 671 661 628 590 546 496 475 476 All Access and Other Legacy Memberships 71 68 62 55 46 32 20 15 13 Memberships 754 739 723 684 635 578 517 490 490 Physical Occupancy Rate 75 72 72 68 65 59 53 49 46 
 (1) Unconsolidated membership and service revenues represents the results of Unconsolidated Locations that typically generate ongoing management fees for the Company at a rate of 2.75-4.00 of applicable revenue. 
 (2) Systemwide Location membership and service revenues represents the results of all locations regardless of ownership. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Until we consummate the Transactions (if consummated), we expect that our principal sources of funds to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements for working capital, expenses, capital expenditures, lease security, other investments and repurchases or repayments of outstanding indebtedness and other liabilities will include: 
 Cash on hand of 287 million of cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, of which 61 million is held by our consolidated VIEs that will be used first to settle obligations of the VIEs and is also subject to the restrictions, including with respect to declaring dividends, as discussed below; 
 The ability to draw up to 250 million in Secured Notes under the Secured NPA. As of December 31, 2022, 500 million of Secured Notes remained available to be drawn, of which 250 million was drawn by us in January 2023, and which remaining 250 million may be drawn by us as follows: subject to the terms of the Secured NPA and subject to the following schedule: (i) a draw request of 50 million which may be made no earlier than April 1, 2023; (ii) a subsequent draw request of no more than 75 million which may be made no earlier than May 1, 2023; (iii) another subsequent draw request of no more than 75 million which may be made no earlier than June 1, 2023; and, if applicable, (iv) a draw request of 50 million thereafter; and 
 The 960 million Senior LC Tranche (which decreased from 1.25 billion in February 2023) and the 470 million Junior LC Tranche (which increased from 350 million in February 2023). Upon the effectiveness of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the additional 120 million letter of credit under the Junior LC Tranche was issued and drawn in full for the benefit of the Company. 
 In March 2023, the Company entered into a series of agreements related to the Transactions. Pursuant to such agreements, the applicable parties have agreed to support, approve, implement and enter into definitive documents covering the following transactions, among other things: (i) certain offers to exchange all of the outstanding 7.875 Senior Notes and 5.00 Senior Notes, Series II, for a combination of newly issued New Second Lien Notes, New Third Lien Notes and shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, and the concurrent issuance of 500 million in aggregate principal amount of New First Lien Notes, (ii) the exchange of all of the outstanding 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I, for a combination of newly issued New Second Lien Exchangeable Notes, New Third Lien Exchangeable Notes and shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, to an affiliate of SBG, (iii) the rollover of 300 million of the 500 million commitment from SVF II under the Secured NPA to purchase Secured Notes, including 250 million in aggregate principal amount of Secured Notes currently outstanding, into 300 million of New First Lien Notes, which, at the Company s option, would be issued to SVF II in full and outstanding at the closing of the Transactions or issuable to SVF II from time to time in whole or in part pursuant to a new note purchase agreement and (iv) the issuance of 35 million shares of Class A Common Stock in a private placement at a purchase price of 1.15 per share at the closing of the Transactions and up to 175 million of New First Lien Notes issuable from time to time at the Company s option pursuant to a new note purchase agreement to a third party investor. See Item 1. Business The Transactions . In the event that we are unable to complete the Transactions or otherwise raise sufficient alternative fundings on acceptable terms, we may be required to delay, limit or curtail our operations or otherwise impede our business strategy, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, long-term prospects and would impact our ability to continue as a going concern. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to the Company s Financial Condition The Company has a history of operating losses and negative cash flow and failure to fully consummate the Transactions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity and long-term prospects." 
 The Company's strategic plan used for evaluating liquidity includes limited future growth initiatives, such as signing new leases, and continued execution of our operational restructuring program. The actual 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 timing at which we may achieve profitability and positive cash flow from operations depends on a variety of factors, including the occupancy of our locations, the rates we are able to charge, the success of our cost efficiency efforts, economic and competitive conditions in the markets where we operate, general macroeconomic conditions, the pace at which we choose to grow and our ability to add new members and new products and services to our platform. 
 Alternate long-term growth plans may require raising additional capital. The Company regularly evaluates alternatives for efficiently funding our operations and/or refinancing our existing indebtedness and paying any related accrued interests, premiums and fees, which may include, among other things, issuance of additional equity or debt financing and other opportunistic financing transactions, subject to prevailing market conditions and other considerations. Our future financing requirements and the future financing requirements of our consolidated VIEs will depend on many factors, including the number of new locations to be opened, our net member retention rate, the timing and extent of spending to support the development of our platform, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities and potential investments in, or acquisitions of, businesses or technologies. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, the incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could result in operating covenants that restrict our operations. 
 The Company's liquidity forecasts are based upon continued execution of its operational restructuring program and also includes management's best estimate of the currently evolving macroeconomic landscape, including a potential economic recession, rising interest rates, inflation, and the slower than expected recovery in certain markets from the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors may continue to have an impact on WeWork's business and its liquidity needs; however, the extent to which the Company's future results and liquidity needs are further affected will largely depend on the delays in location openings, our members' renewal of their membership agreements, the effect on demand for WeWork memberships, any permanent shifts in working from home and the Company's ongoing lease negotiations with its landlords, among others. WeWork believes continued execution of its operational restructuring program and its current liquidity position will be sufficient to help it alleviate the continued near-term uncertainty and meet near-term requirements. Its assessment assumes a continued growth in its revenues and occupancy. If the Company does not experience a continued recovery consistent with its projected timing, additional capital sources may be required, the timing and source of which are uncertain. There is no assurance the Company will be successful in securing additional sources of financing if and when needed. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our primary sources of cash were from membership receipts and the Junior LC Tranche draw. Our primary uses of cash included fixed operating lease cost and capital expenditures associated with the design and build-out of our spaces. We have also incurred costs related to our operational restructuring including lease termination fees, legal fees and other exit costs. Cash payments of restructuring liabilities, net totaled 213 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Pre-opening location expenses, SG A expenses and cash payments made for acquisitions and investments have also historically included large discretionary uses of cash which can and have been scaled back to the extent needed based on our future cash needs. We also may elect to repurchase or retire amounts of our outstanding debt for cash, through open market repurchases or privately negotiated transactions with certain of our debt holders, although there is no assurance we will do so. 
 We believe our sources of liquidity described above and in more detail below, including the consummation in full of the Transactions, will be sufficient to meet our obligations as of December 31, 2022 over the next 12 months from the date of this Form 10-K. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Variable Interest Entities ("VIEs") 
 As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated VIEs held the following, in each case after intercompany eliminations: 
 December 31, 2022 (Amounts in millions) SBG JVs (1) 
 Other VIEs (2) 
 Cash and cash equivalents 55 6 Restricted cash 3 Total assets 2,299 10 Total liabilities 2,176 3 Redeemable stock issued by VIEs 80 Total net assets (3) 
 43 7 
 (1) The SBG JVs as of December 31, 2022 include only JapanCo and LatamCo. As of December 31, 2022, JapanCo and LatamCo were prohibited from declaring dividends (including to us) without approval of an affiliate of SoftBank Group Capital Limited. As a result, any net assets of JapanCo and LatamCo would be considered restricted net assets to the Company as of December 31, 2022. The net assets of the SBG JVs include membership interest in JapanCo issued to affiliates of SBG with liquidation preferences totaling 500 million as of December 31, 2022 and ordinary shares in LatamCo totaling 80 million as of December 31, 2022 that are redeemable upon the occurrence of event that is not solely within the control of the company. After reducing the net assets of the SBG JVs by the liquidation preference associated with such membership interest and redeemable ordinary shares, the remaining net assets of the SBG JVs is negative as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) "Other VIEs includes the WeCap Manager and WeCap Holdings Partnership. 
 (3) Total net assets represents total assets less total liabilities and redeemable stock issued by VIEs after the total assets and total liabilities have both been reduced to remove amounts that eliminate in consolidation. 
 Based on the terms of the arrangements as of December 31, 2022, the assets of our consolidated VIEs will be used first to settle obligations of the VIEs. Remaining assets may then be distributed to the VIEs' owners, including us, subject to the liquidation preferences of certain noncontrolling interest holders and any other preferential distribution provisions contained within the operating agreements of the relevant VIEs. Other than the restrictions relating to our SBG JVs discussed in note (1) to the table above, third-party approval for the distribution of available net assets is not required for any of our consolidated VIEs as of December 31, 2022. See the section entitled " 7.875 Senior Notes " below for a discussion on additional restrictions on the net assets of WeWork Companies LLC. 
 As of December 31, 2022, creditors of our consolidated VIEs do not have recourse against the general credit of the Company except with respect to certain lease guarantees we have provided to landlords of our consolidated VIEs, which guarantees totaled 11 million as of December 31, 2022. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company also continues to guarantee 4 million of lease obligations of ChinaCo. 
 We do not expect distributions from our consolidated VIEs or unconsolidated investments to be a significant source of liquidity and our assessment of our ability to meet our capital requirements over the next 12 months does not assume that we will receive distributions from those entities. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 22 million of principal debt maturing within the next 12 months and our total debt consisted of the following: 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Maturity Year Interest Rate Outstanding Principal Balance (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 
 5.00 Senior Notes 
 2025 5.00 2,200 7.875 Senior Notes 
 2025 7.875 669 Junior LC Tranche (1) 
 2025 9.593 350 Other Loans 2023 - 2026 3.3 - 20.9 
 25 Total debt, excluding deferred financing costs 3,244 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, the reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche bear interest at the Term SOFR Rate with a floor of 0.75 , plus 6.50 , as further described below. 
 For further information on our debt, please see Note 17 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 7.875 Senior Notes 
 In April 2018, we issued 702 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.875 Senior Notes (the "7.875 Senior Notes") in a private offering. The 7.875 Senior Notes will mature on May 1, 2025 and bear interest at 7.875 per annum, payable semi-annually in cash. We received gross proceeds of 702 million from the issuance of the 7.875 Senior Notes. As of December 31, 2022, 669 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.875 Senior Notes remains outstanding. 
 The indenture that governs the 7.875 Senior Notes (the Unsecured Indenture restricts us from incurring indebtedness or liens or making certain investments or distributions, subject to a number of exceptions. Certain of these exceptions included in the Unsecured Indenture are subject to us having Minimum Growth-Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Unsecured Indenture) for the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters. For incurrences in fiscal years ending December 31, 2022-2025, the Minimum Growth-Adjusted EBITDA required for the immediately preceding four consecutive fiscal quarters is 2.0 billion. For the four quarters ended December 31, 2022, the Company's Minimum Growth-Adjusted EBITDA, as calculated in accordance with the Unsecured Indenture, was less than the 2.0 billion requirement effective as of January 1, 2022. As a result, we were restricted in our ability to incur certain new indebtedness in certain circumstances, unless such Minimum Growth-Adjusted EBITDA increases above the threshold required. The restrictions of the Unsecured Indenture do not impact our ability to access the unfunded commitments pursuant to the Secured NPA. 
 Subsequent to the Company's July 2019 legal entity reorganization, WeWork Companies LLC (the Issuer ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and WW Co-Obligor Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the Co-Obligor and, together with the Issuer, the Issuers became co-issuers of the 7.875 Senior Notes. The 7.875 Senior Notes are also fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and certain of the Issuer s subsidiaries. The Company and the other subsidiaries that sit above the Issuer in our legal structure are holding companies that conduct substantially all of their business operations through the Issuer. As of December 31, 2022, based on the covenants and other restrictions of the Unsecured Indenture, the Issuer is restricted in its ability to transfer funds by loans, advances or dividends to the Company and, as a result, all of the net assets of the Issuer are considered restricted net assets of the Company. See " Supplementary Information Consolidating Balance Sheet" included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details regarding the net assets of the Issuer. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our non-guarantor subsidiaries represented approximately 57 of our total revenue, approximately 26 of loss from operations, and approximately 30 of our Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Unsecured Indenture). As of December 31, 2022, our non-guarantor subsidiaries represented approximately 48 of our total assets, and had 0.8 billion of total liabilities, including trade payables but excluding intercompany liabilities and lease obligations. 
 5.00 Senior Notes 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 On December 27, 2019, the Issuer, the Co-Obligor and StarBright WW LP (the Notes Purchaser ), an affiliate of SBG, entered into the Master Senior Unsecured Notes Note Purchase Agreement (as amended, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, the Unsecured NPA ), pursuant to which the Notes Purchaser agreed to purchase from the Issuers up to 2.2 billion of 5.00 Senior Notes due 2025 (the 5.00 Senior Notes ). Starting on July 10, 2020, the Issuers issued and sold 2.2 billion of 5.00 Senior Notes in multiple closings to the Notes Purchaser and entered into a Senior Notes Indenture, dated as of July 10, 2020 (the Original Unsecured Indenture ), by and among the Issuers, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor trustee). As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate principal amount of 2.2 billion of 5.00 Senior Notes were issued and none remained available for draw under the Unsecured NPA. The 5.00 Senior Notes will mature on July 10, 2025 and bear interest at 5.00 per annum, payable semi-annually in cash. However, because the associated warrants obligate the Company to issue shares in the future, the implied interest rate upon closing was approximately 11.69 . 
 Pursuant to the Unsecured NPA, the Notes Purchaser may notify the Issuer that it intends to engage an investment bank or investment banks to offer and sell all or a portion of the 5.00 Senior Notes outstanding to third-party investors in a private placement. On December 16, 2021, following the Notes Purchaser s exercise of its resale rights under the Unsecured NPA, the Issuers amended and restated the Original Unsecured Indenture (as so amended, the A R Unsecured Indenture to subdivide the 5.00 Senior Notes into two series, one of which consisted of 550 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.00 Senior Notes due 2025, Series II (the "5.00 Senior Notes, Series II"), and the other consisted of the remaining 1.65 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5.00 Senior Notes due 2025, Series I (the "5.00 Senior Notes, Series I"), and the Notes Purchaser (through certain initial purchasers) resold the 5.00 Senior Notes due 2025, Series II, to qualified investors in a private offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act. The 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I, remain held by the Notes Purchaser. The A R Unsecured Indenture contains negative covenants that are substantially similar to those included in the Unsecured Indenture, as further described above. 
 Secured Notes 
 The Issuers are party to that certain Amended and Restated Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 16, 2021, and Amendment No. 2, dated as of November 9, 2022 (as further amended, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, Secured NPA ), with SVF II, pursuant to which SVF II agreed to purchase from the Issuers up to 500 million of Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the Secured Notes ), with a scheduled step down to approximately 446 million in February 2024. 
 The Secured NPA allows the Issuers to issue and sell to SVF II every 30 days up to the maximum remaining capacity of Secured Notes available thereunder, with minimum draws of 50 million. Pursuant to the Secured NPA, SVF II may notify the Issuer that it intends to engage an investment bank or investment banks to offer and sell all or a portion of the Secured Notes outstanding or to be issued in connection with a draw notice to third-party investors in a private placement. In addition, pursuant to the Secured NPA, as thereafter modified, the Issuer is required to pay SVF II a commitment fee of 10 million (2.00 of the 500 million commitment available under the Secured NPA), to be paid in quarterly installments beginning on January 10, 2024. Following the entry into the Transaction Support Agreement (as defined herein) in March 2023, the Company may draw upon the remaining 250 million in aggregate principal of Secured Notes, each draw subject to the terms of the Secured NPA, subject to the following schedule: (i) a draw request of 50 million which may be made no earlier than April 1, 2023; (ii) a subsequent draw request of no more than 75 million which may be made no earlier than May 1, 2023; (iii) another subsequent draw request of no more than 75 million which may be made no earlier than June 1, 2023; and if applicable, (iv) a draw request of 50 million thereafter. 
 As of December 31, 2022, no draw notices had been delivered pursuant to the Secured NPA and no Secured Notes were outstanding. In January 2023, the Issuers issued and sold 250 million of Secured Notes to SVF II under the Secured NPA and entered into a Senior Secured Notes Indenture, dated as of 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 January 3, 2023 (the Secured Indenture ), by and among the Issuers, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent. The Secured Notes will mature on March 15, 2025 and bear interest (i) until February 15, 2024, at 7.50 per annum, payable semi-annually in cash, and (ii) from and after February 15, 2024 and until maturity, at 11.00 per annum, payable in-kind. The Secured Indenture contains negative covenants that are substantially similar to those included in the Unsecured Indenture, as further described above, subject to certain changes to reflect existing commitments and indebtedness outstanding at the time of entry into the Secured Indenture. 
 Credit Agreement 
 The Company is party to the that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2019 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, including by that certain Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2023 (the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement ), the Credit Agreement ). As of December 31, 2022, the Credit Agreement provided for a 1.25 billion senior tranche letter of credit facility (the Senior LC Tranche ), which decreased to 960 million in February 2023 in connection with the Sixth Amendment and is scheduled to terminate in March 2025, and a 350 million junior tranche letter of credit facility (the Junior LC Tranche ), which increased to 470 million in February 2023 in connection with the Sixth Amendment and is scheduled to terminate in March 2025. As of December 31, 2022, 1.1 billion of standby letters of credit were outstanding under the Senior LC Facility, of which none were drawn. As of December 31, 2022, there was 21 million in remaining letter of credit availability under the Senior LC Facility. 
 In connection with the reduction of the Senior LC Tranche capacity in February 2023, the Company funded 136 million of cash collateral. Upon effectiveness of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, 1.1 billion of standby letters of credit were outstanding under the Senior LC Facility, of which none were drawn. In addition, as of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, approximately 100 million of contingent obligations in respect of letters of credit issued under the Senior LC Facility are required to be cash collateralized, in the amount of 105 of the stated amount thereof. 
 On May 10, 2022, the Company and the other parties thereto entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the "Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement") pursuant to which the then existing facilities under the Credit Agreement were amended and subdivided into a 1.25 billion Senior LC Tranche, which was scheduled to decrease to 1.05 billion in February 2023, and the 350 million Junior LC Tranche. The letter of credit under the Junior LC Tranche was issued and drawn for the benefit of WeWork Companies LLC in full upon effectiveness of the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. At the time of entry into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the termination date of the Junior LC Tranche was November 30, 2023 and the termination date of the Senior LC Tranche was February 9, 2024. Following the entry into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche bore interest at the Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), with a floor of 0.75 , plus 6.50 , with an option to convert all or a portion of the outstanding obligations to the ABR (as defined in the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement) plus 5.50 on or after August 10, 2022.As a result of the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche were voluntarily repayable at any time, subject to a prepayment fee such that the minimum return to the letter of credit participants under the Junior LC Tranche on the Junior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations was an amount equal to the sum of 6.50 (the Applicable Margin of the Junior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations) and 2.00 of the total principal amount of the Junior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations, as set forth in the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Obligations of WeWork Companies LLC and its restricted subsidiaries under the Junior LC Tranche are subordinated in right of payment to the obligations under the Senior LC Tranche to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such obligations. 
 In December 2022, the Company and the other parties thereto entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the "Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement") to, among other things, (i) extend the termination date of the Senior LC Tranche to March 14, 2025, (ii) replace SBG with SVF II as an obligor 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 with respect to the Senior LC Tranche and (iii) reduce the Senior LC Tranche to 1.1 billion, with a subsequent automatic decrease to 930 million on February 10, 2023. The reimbursement obligations under the Senior LC Tranche were amended to an amount equal to the sum of (i) 6.00 - 6.75 , based on the relevant Rating Level Period (as defined in the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement), and (ii) 2.00 of the total principal amount of the Senior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations, as set forth in the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement provided for the resignation of SBG as the obligor and assumption by SVF II of all of SBG's obligations with respect to the Senior LC Tranche. The Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement provided that the total senior letter of credit tranche commitments may be increased to an amount not to exceed 1.25 billion until February 10, 2023 and 1.05 billion thereafter with additional commitments. The Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement also provides that if letter of credit reimbursements under the senior letter of credit tranche are made by SVF II, the commitments in respect of the senior letter of credit tranche will be reduced by a corresponding amount. 
 In February 2023, the Company and the other parties thereto entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) the Junior LC Tranche was increased by 120 million to 470 million, (ii) the termination date of the Junior LC Tranche was extended from November 30, 2023 to March 7, 2025, (iii) the interest margin applicable to the Junior LC Tranche was increased from 6.50 to 9.90 for reimbursement obligations, and (iv) the Senior LC Tranche was increased from 930 million to 960 million. The additional 120 million letter of credit under the Junior LC Tranche was issued and drawn for the benefit of WeWork Companies LLC in full upon effectiveness of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche remain voluntarily repayable at any time, subject to a prepayment fee in connection with prepayments made during the 18 months following the date of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, in the amount of the net present value of interest that would have accrued on such amounts prepaid from the prepayment date to the date that is 18 months following the date of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, discounted by the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 20 million and none, respectively, in interest expense in connection with the Junior LC Tranche. 
 The Senior LC Tranche and Junior LC Tranche are guaranteed by substantially all of the domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries of WeWork Companies LLC (collectively the Guarantors and are secured by substantially all the assets of WeWork Companies LLC and the Guarantors, in each case, subject to customary exceptions. 
 Certain of our outstanding letters of credit under the Senior LC Tranche include annual renewal provisions under which the issuing banks can elect not to renew a letter of credit if the next annual renewal extends the LC period beyond March 14, 2025, the current termination date of the Senior LC Tranche. If a letter of credit is not renewed, the landlord may elect to draw the existing letter of credit before it expires, in which case either WeWork or SVF II would be obligated to repay the issuing bank immediately (after application of any Cash Collateral as defined in and pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement). The Company intends to extend the maturity of the Senior LC Tranche such that there are no material payments under these renewal provisions. The Company has not yet agreed to any final terms for any such extension and its execution and terms are uncertain and subject to change. The Company cannot give any assurances that any such extension will be completed on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 The Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement 
 In connection with the Credit Agreement, WeWork Companies LLC also entered into a reimbursement agreement, dated as of February 10, 2020 (as amended, the "Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement"), with SBG pursuant to which (i) SBG agreed to pay substantially all of the fees and expenses payable in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the Company agreed to reimburse SBG for certain of such fees and expenses (including fronting fees up to an amount 0.125 on the undrawn 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 and unexpired amount of the letters of credit, plus any fronting fees in excess of 0.415 on the undrawn and unexpired amount of the letters of credit) as well as to pay SBG a fee of 5.475 on the amount of all outstanding letters of credit and (iii) the Guarantors agreed to guarantee the obligations of WeWork Companies LLC under the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement. In December 2021, the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement was amended following the entry into the Amended Credit Support Letter to, among other things, change the fees payable by WeWork Companies LLC to SBG to (i) 2.875 of the face amount of letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement (drawn and undrawn), payable quarterly in arrears, plus (ii) the amount of any issuance fees payable on the outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement, which as of December 31, 2021, was equal to 2.6 of the face amount of letters of credit issued under the Senior LC Facility (drawn and undrawn). In May 2022, in connection with the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement was amended to clarify that the payment obligations of certain fees and expenses in respect of the Junior LC Tranche related to the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement are the responsibility of the Company and not SBG, as described above. 
 In December 2022, the Company, SBG and SVF II entered into an Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement (as further amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the "A R Reimbursement Agreement"), which amended and restated the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement, to, among other things, (i) substitute SVF II instead of SBG with respect to the Senior LC Tranche, (ii) retain SBG's role with respect to the Junior LC Tranche and (iii) amend the fees payable by the Company such that no fees will be owed to SVF II in respect of the senior letter of credit issued through February 10, 2024 and thereafter fees will accrue at 7.045 of the face amount of the Senior LC Tranche, compounding quarterly and payable at the earlier of March 14, 2025 and termination or acceleration of the Senior LC Tranche. 
 In February 2023, the Company, SBG and SVF II entered into the First Amendment to the A R Reimbursement Agreement to, among other things, substitute SVF II instead of SBG with respect to the Junior LC Tranche and adjust the Company's reimbursement rights and obligations to each party accordingly. In addition the amendment modified the fees payable by the Company under the A R Reimbursement Agreement, such that no fee would be owed to SVF II in respect of the Junior LC Tranche through November 30, 2023 and thereafter fees would accrue at 6.5 of the aggregate reimbursement obligations thereunder, compounding quarterly and payable at the earlier of March 7, 2025 and termination or acceleration of the Junior LC Tranche. 
 LC Debt Facility 
 In May 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with a third party to raise up to 350 million of cash in exchange for letters of credit issued from the LC Facility (the LC Debt Facility ). The third party will issue a series of discount notes to investors of varying short term (1-6 month) maturities and make a matching discount loan to WeWork Companies LLC. WeWork Companies LLC will pay the 5.475 issuance fee on the letter of credit, the 0.125 fronting fee on the letter of credit and the interest on the discount note. At maturity, the Company has the option, based on prevailing market conditions and liquidity needs, to roll the loan to a new maturity or pay off the loan at par. No loans drawn under the LC Debt Facility can have maturity dates that extend beyond the termination date of the Senior LC Facility. 
 In connection with the Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to not enter into loan facilities utilizing the LC Debt Facility without consent from SBG. In May 2021, the Company entered into a letter agreement with SBG pursuant to which SBG consented to the LC Debt Facility and the Company agreed to certain restrictions that will apply to the LC Debt Facility, including that (i) until such time as no amounts remain undrawn by the Company under the 2.2 billion 5.00 Senior Notes, amounts issued under the LC Debt Facility will not exceed 100 million, (ii) the Company would repay all amounts outstanding under the LC Debt Facility within 30 days after the closing of the Business Combination, and (iii) the prior written consent of SBG will be required for the first draw under the LC Debt Facility that occurs after closing of the Business Combination. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Bank Facilities 
 In February 2020, in conjunction with the availability of the initial facility under the Credit Agreement, our 2019 Credit Facility and 2019 LC Facility (each as defined below) were terminated. As of December 31, 2022, 6 million remains outstanding in a letter of credit issued under the 2019 LC Facility and is secured by a new letter of credit issued under the Senior LC Tranche. 
 Other Letter of Credit Arrangements 
 The Company has also entered into various other letter of credit arrangements, the purpose of which is to guarantee payment under certain leases entered into by JapanCo and other fully owned subsidiaries. There was 3 million of standby letters of credit outstanding under these other arrangements that are secured by 3 million of restricted cash at December 31, 2022. 
 Uses of Cash 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table sets forth certain contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 and the timing and effect that such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and capital requirements in future periods: 
 (Amounts in millions) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total Non-cancelable operating lease commitments (1) 
 2,347 2,360 2,384 2,409 2,405 15,530 27,435 Finance lease commitments, including interest 9 7 6 7 6 20 55 Construction commitments (2) 
 60 60 Asset retirement obligations (3) 
 2 8 3 2 9 206 230 Debt obligations, including interest (4) 
 153 150 1,438 1 1,742 5.00 Senior Notes (5) 
 110 110 2,255 2,475 Warrant liabilities (6) 
 1 1 Total 2,682 2,635 6,086 2,419 2,420 15,756 31,998 
 (1) Future undiscounted fixed minimum lease cost payments for non-cancelable operating leases, inclusive of escalation clauses and exclusive of lease incentive receivables and contingent lease cost payments, that have initial or remaining lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2022. Excludes an additional 0.5 billion relating to executed non-cancelable leases that have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. See Note 20 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details. 
 (2) In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into certain agreements to purchase construction and related contracting services related to the build-outs of our locations that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms and the approximate timing of the purchase transaction. Our purchase orders are based on current needs and are fulfilled by the vendors as needed in accordance with our construction schedule. 
 (3) Certain lease agreements contain provisions that require us to remove leasehold improvements at the end of the lease term. When such an obligation exists, we record an asset retirement obligation at the inception of the lease at its estimated fair value. These obligations are recorded as liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Primarily represents principal and interest payments on 7.875 Senior Notes, LC Debt Facility and other loans as of December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Primarily represents principal and interest payments on 5.00 Senior Notes as of December 31, 2022. 
 (6) Represents the fair value as of December 31, 2022, of the Company's obligation to deliver 7,773,333 shares in respect of the Company s outstanding Private Placement Warrants, as defined and as further described in Note 16 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Lease Obligations 
 The future undiscounted fixed minimum lease cost payment obligations under operating and finance leases signed as of December 31, 2022 were 27.9 billion. A majority of our leases are held by individual special purpose subsidiaries, and as of December 31, 2022, the total security packages provided by the Company and its subsidiaries in respect of these lease obligations was approximately 4.0 billion in the form of corporate guarantees, outstanding standby letters of credit, cash security deposits to landlords and surety bonds issued, representing less than 15 of future undiscounted minimum lease cost payment obligations. In addition, individual property lease security obligations on any given lease typically decrease over the life of the lease, although we may continue to enter into new leases in the ordinary course of our business. 
 Capital Expenditures and Tenant Improvement Allowances 
 Capital expenditures are primarily for the design and build-out of our spaces, and include leasehold improvements, equipment and furniture. Our leases often contain provisions regarding tenant improvement allowances, which are contractual rights to reimbursements paid by landlords for a portion of the costs we incur in designing and developing our workspaces. Tenant improvement allowances are reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements upon lease commencement as our practice and intent is to spend up to or more than the full amount of the tenant improvement allowance that is contractually provided under the terms of the contract. 
 Over the course of a typical lease with tenant improvement allowances, we incur certain capital expenditures that we expect to be reimbursed by the landlords pursuant to provisions in our leases providing for tenant improvement allowances but for which we have not yet satisfied all conditions for reimbursement and, therefore, the landlords have not been billed at the time of such capital expenditures. Thus, while such receivables are reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements upon lease commencement, the timing of the achievement of the applicable milestones and billing of landlords will impact when reimbursements for tenant improvement allowances will be received, which may impact the timing of our cash flows. 
 We monitor gross and net capital expenditures, which are primarily associated with our leasehold improvements, to evaluate our liquidity and workstation development efforts. We define net capital expenditures as the gross purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software, as reported in cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, less cash collected from landlords for tenant improvement allowances. While cash received for tenant improvement allowances is reported as cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, we consider cash received for tenant improvement allowances to be a reduction against our gross capital expenditures in the calculation of net capital expenditures. 
 As the payments received from landlords for tenant improvement allowances are generally received after certain project milestones are completed, payments received from landlords presented in the table below are not directly related to the cash outflows reported for the capital expenditures reported. 
 The table below shows our gross and net capital expenditures for the periods presented: 
 (Amounts in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Gross capital expenditures 338 337 1,464 Cash collected for tenant improvement allowances (162) (404) (1,332) Net capital expenditures 176 (67) 132 
 Our ability to negotiate lease terms that include significant tenant improvement allowances has been and may continue to be impacted by our expansion into markets where such allowances may be less common. Our capital expenditures have also been and may continue to be impacted by our focus on 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 enterprise members, who generally require more customization than a traditional workspace, resulting in higher build-out costs. However, we expect any increase in build-out costs resulting from expansion of configured solutions for our growing enterprise member base to be offset by increases in committed revenue, as enterprise members often sign membership agreements with longer terms and for a greater number of memberships than our other members. Future decisions to enter into long-term revenue-sharing agreements with building owners, rather than more standard fixed lease arrangements, may also impact future cash inflows relating to tenant improvement allowances and cash outflows relating to capital expenditures. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into certain agreements to purchase construction and related contracting services related to the build-outs of our operating locations that are enforceable, legally binding, and that specify all significant terms and the approximate timing of the purchase transaction. Our purchase orders are based on current needs and are fulfilled by the vendors as needed in accordance with our construction schedule. As of December 31, 2022, we have issued approximately 60 million in such outstanding construction commitments. As of December 31, 2022, we also had a total of 178 million in lease incentive receivables, recorded as a reduction of our long-term lease obligations on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Of the total 178 million lease incentive receivable, 181 million was accrued at the commencement of the respective lease but unbilled as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 A summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented in the following table: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (733) (1,912) 1,179 (62) Investing activities (294) (347) 53 (15) Financing activities 397 2,338 (1,941) (83) Effects of exchange rate changes (6) 2 (8) (400) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (636) 81 (717) (885) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - Beginning of period 935 854 81 9 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - End of period 299 935 (636) (68) 
 Operating Cash Flows 
 Cash used in operating activities consists primarily of the revenue we generate from our members and the tenant improvement allowances we receive offset by rent, real estate taxes, common area maintenance and other operating costs. In addition, uses of cash from operating activities consist of employee compensation and benefits, professional fees, advertising, office supplies, utilities, cleaning, consumables, and repairs and maintenance related payments as well as member referral fees and various other costs of running our business. 
 The 1,179 million decrease in net cash used in operating activities from the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily attributable to the increase in total revenues of 675 million due to the continued impact of COVID-19 in 2021 and recovery during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities was also attributed to net savings achieved for the year ended December 31, 2022 through the continuation of our operational 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 restructuring program and progress towards our efforts to create a more efficient organization which drove a decrease in location operating expenses, pre-opening location operating expenses, and selling, general and administrative expenses. Net cash used in operating activities also decreased due to a 211 million decrease in restructuring liability net payments, and a 44 million increase in distributions from equity method investments. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities was partially offset by 242 million decrease in cash received for operating lease incentives - tenant improvement allowances and 51 million increase in cash paid for interest. 
 Included in our cash flow from operating activities was 102 million of cash used by consolidated VIEs for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 113 million of cash used by consolidated VIEs for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 The 53 million decrease in net cash used in investing activities from the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to 31 million increase in proceeds from asset divestitures and sale of investments and 19 million decrease in contributions to investments. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities also included 18 million in cash proceeds received as distributions from investments during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to none during the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in net cash used in investing activities was partially offset by the net cash paid of 9 million for the acquisition of Common Desk during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 The 1,941 million decrease in net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to 1,209 million and 1,000 million in proceeds received from the Business Combination and PIPE financing, net of issuance costs paid, and draws on the 5.00 Senior Notes, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2021 with no comparable activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities also included 19 million decrease in additions to members' service retainers, net of refunds to members' service retainers and debt and equity issuance costs of 21 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decreases in cash flows provided by financing activities was partially offset by 350 million reduction of repayments of debt, net of proceeds from issuance of debt. 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 A summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is presented in the following table: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Amounts in millions, except percentages) 2021 2020 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (1,912) (857) (1,055) 123 Investing activities (347) (444) 97 (22) Financing activities 2,338 (47) 2,385 (5,094) Effects of exchange rate changes 2 1 1 49 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 81 (1,347) 1,427 (106) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - Beginning of period 854 2,201 (1,347) (61) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - End of period 935 854 81 9 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Cash Flows 
 Cash used in operating activities consists primarily of the revenue we generate from our members and the tenant improvement allowances we receive offset by rent, real estate taxes, common area maintenance and other operating costs. In addition, uses of cash from operating activities consist of employee compensation and benefits, professional fees, advertising, office supplies, warehousing, utilities, cleaning, consumables, and repairs and maintenance related payments as well as member referral fees and various other costs of running our business. 
 The 1.1 billion increase in net cash used in operating activities from the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, was primarily attributable to the decrease in total revenues of 846 million due to the continued impact of COVID-19 in 2021. The increase in net cash used in operating activities was also driven by a decrease of 928 million in tenant improvement allowances received during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was partially offset by net savings achieved for the year ended December 31, 2021 through the continuation of our operational restructuring program and progress towards our efforts to create a leaner, more efficient organization which drove a decrease in location operating expenses, pre-opening location expenses, and SG A expenses of 957 million, net of 239 million decrease in non-cash lease costs and 30 million increase in Adjusted EBITDA addbacks discussed above in " Key Performance Indicators Adjusted EBITDA ". Also partially offsetting the increase in net cash used in operating activities is a decrease of 45 million in cash payments made on restructuring liabilities. 
 Included in our cash flow from operating activities was 113 million of cash used by consolidated VIEs for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 36 million of cash used by consolidated VIEs for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 The 97 million decrease in net cash used in investing activities from the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, was primarily due to 1.1 billion decrease in cash paid for purchases of property and equipment, a 72 million decrease in contributions to investments, and a decrease in the net cash deconsolidated totaling 54 million in connection with the October 2020 ChinaCo Deconsolidation. This decrease in net cash used in investing activities was partially offset by the divestiture proceeds of 1.2 billion received during the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily related to the sale of the 424 Fifth Property held by the 424 Fifth Venture and also including proceeds from the sale of Meetup, Managed by Q, Teem, SpaceIQ, Flatiron, and certain non-core corporate equipment, compared to no divestitures during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 The 2.4 billion net increase in cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, was primarily due to 1.2 billion of proceeds from Business Combination and PIPE financing, net of issuance costs paid. Also included in the increase in cash flows provided by financing activities is an 813 million debt repayment and 320 million distribution to noncontrolling interest holders during the year ended December 31, 2020, both primarily related to the sale of the 424 Fifth Property, with no comparable activity during the year ended December 31, 2021. These increases in cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, were partially offset by a 200 million decrease in proceeds received from draws on the 5.00 Senior Notes. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Except for certain letters of credit and surety bonds entered into as security under the terms of several of our leases, our unconsolidated investments, and the unrecorded construction and other commitments set forth above, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. Our 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 unconsolidated investments are discussed in Note 13 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates, Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern. This presentation contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business and does not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainties described below. The Consolidated Financial Statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets, liabilities, and reported expenses that may be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. In connection with the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements pursuant to ASC 250-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern ASC 250-40 , management evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these Consolidated Financial Statements are issued. As further discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, our losses and projected cash needs, combined with our current liquidity level, initially raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan to improve the Company s liquidity and successfully alleviate the substantial doubt includes (1) restructuring existing debt and raising additional capital and, (2) taking additional operational restructuring actions furthering the plan that commenced following a change in leadership in 2020. Management believes that the expected impact on our liquidity and cash flows resulting from Management s plan are sufficient to enable the Company to meet its obligations for at least twelve months from the issuance date and alleviate the conditions that initially raised substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Our preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Management considers an accounting policy estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. While we believe that our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. Actual results may differ significantly. Additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 This includes the net operating income assumptions in the Company's long-lived asset impairment testing, the timing of capital expenditures and fair value measurement changes for assets and liabilities that the Company measures at fair value and its assessment of its ability to continue to meet its obligations as they come due. 
 The Company's net operating assumptions and liquidity forecasts are based upon continued execution of its operational restructuring program and also includes management's best estimate of the currently evolving macroeconomic landscape, including a potential economic recession, rising interest rates, inflation, and the slower than expected recovery in certain markets from the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors may continue to have an impact on WeWork's business and its liquidity needs; however, the extent to which the Company's future results and liquidity needs are further affected will largely depend on the delays in location openings, our members' renewal of their membership agreements, the effect on demand for WeWork memberships, any permanent shifts in working from home and the Company's ongoing lease negotiations with its landlords, among others. 
 The critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments that we believe to have the most significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements are described below. See Note 2 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K f or additional 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 information related to critical accounting estimates and significant accounting policies, including details of recent accounting pronouncements that were adopted and not yet adopted as of December 31, 2022. 
 Leases 
 At lease commencement, we recognize a lease obligation and corresponding right-of-use asset based on the initial present value of the fixed lease payments using our incremental borrowing rates for our population of leases. The incremental borrowing rate represents the rate of interest we would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, in a similar economic environment, an amount equal to the fixed lease payments. The commencement date is the date we take initial possession or control of the leased premise or asset, which is generally when we enter the leased premises and begin to make improvements in preparation for its intended use. 
 Our leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit discount rate. Therefore, management estimates the incremental borrowing rate used to discount the lease payments based on the information available at lease commencement. We utilized a model consistent with the credit quality for our outstanding debt instruments to estimate our specific incremental borrowing rates that align with applicable lease terms. 
 Renewal options are typically solely at our discretion and are only included within the lease obligation and right-of-use asset when we are reasonably certain that the renewal options would be exercised. 
 Variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate are included in lease payments and are measured using the prevailing index or rate at lease inception or the measurement date. Changes to the index or rate are recognized in the period of change. 
 We evaluate our right-of-use assets for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may have been impaired. In evaluating an asset for recoverability, we consider the future cash flows expected to result from the continued use of the asset and the eventual disposition of the asset. If the sum of the expected future cash flows, on an undiscounted basis, is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the asset is recognized. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 Certain lease agreements contain provisions that require us to remove leasehold improvements at the end of the lease term. When such an obligation exists, we record an asset retirement obligation at the inception of the lease at its estimated fair value. The associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the leasehold improvements and depreciated over their useful lives. The asset retirement obligation is accreted to its estimated future value as interest expense using the effective-interest rate method. 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of the assets acquired less liabilities assumed in connection with the acquisition. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is tested for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter of each year as of October 1 at each reporting unit level, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired, and is required to be written down when impaired. 
 The guidance for goodwill impairment testing begins with an optional qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired. The Company is not required to perform a quantitative impairment test unless it is determined, based on the results of the qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired. The quantitative impairment test is prepared at the reporting unit level. In performing the impairment test, management compares the estimated fair values of the applicable reporting units to their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. If the carrying amounts of a reporting unit including goodwill were to exceed the fair value of the reporting unit, an 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 impairment loss is recognized within our Consolidated Statements of Operations in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 The process of evaluating goodwill for impairment requires judgments and assumptions to be made to determine the fair value of the reporting unit, including discounted cash flow calculations, assumptions market participants would make in valuing each reporting unit and the level of the Company s own share price. We completed our annual assessment of goodwill in the October 2022 and determined that there was no impairment of goodwill. 
 An unfavorable change in our expectations for the financial performance of our reporting unit, particularly long-term growth and profitability, would reduce the fair value of our reporting unit. The currently evolving macroeconomic landscape, including a potential economic recession, rising interest rates, and/or inflation, could result in slower than expected growth as companies and individuals may defer returning back to the office until a future time or consider remote and hybrid office space strategies. This continued impact may have a negative impact to the valuation assumptions which may reduce the fair value of our reporting unit. Should such events occur and it becomes more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value has fallen below its carrying value, we will perform an interim goodwill impairment test(s), in addition to the annual impairment test. Future impairment tests may result in a goodwill impairment, depending on the outcome of the quantitative impairment test. We would include goodwill impairment charges in impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Impairment of Long Lived Assets 
 Long lived assets, including property and equipment, right-of-use assets, capitalized software, and other finite-lived intangible assets, are evaluated for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may have been impaired. In evaluating an asset for recoverability, the Company considers the future cash flows expected to result from the continued use of the asset and the eventual disposition of the asset. If the sum of the expected future cash flows, on an undiscounted basis, is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the asset is recognized. 
 In connection with operational restructuring program described in Note 5 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K and related changes in the Company's leasing plans and planned or completed disposition of certain non-core operations, as well as the impact to the Company's business as a result of COVID-19, the Company has also recorded various other non-routine write-offs, impairments and gains on sale of goodwill, intangibles and various other assets. These non-routine charges totaled 625 million, 870 million, and 1,356 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and are included as impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 An unfavorable change in our expectations for the financial performance of our long-lived assets, particularly the expected future cash flows either a result of a potential termination or impact of the currently evolving macroeconomic landscape, would reduce the fair value of our long-lived assets. We will perform quarterly long-lived asset impairment tests and future impairment tests may result in a further impairment. We would include goodwill impairment charges in impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Income Taxes, Deferred Taxes and Valuation Allowance 
 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Accordingly, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the tax rates are enacted. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a deferred tax assets of 8.4 billion, partially offset by a valuation allowance of 6.0 billion and deferred tax liabilities of 2.3 billion. 
 We evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset may not be realized. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets in most jurisdictions, however in certain jurisdictions, the Company did not record a valuation allowance where the Company had profitable operations, or the Company recorded only a partial valuation allowance due to the existence of deferred tax liabilities that will partially offset the Company s deferred tax assets in future years. As of December 31, 2022, we concluded, based on the weight of all available positive and negative evidence, that a portion of our deferred tax assets are not more likely than not to be realized. As such a valuation allowance in the amount of 6.0 billion has been recognized on the Company s deferred tax assets. The net change in valuation allowance for 2022 was an increase of 0.3 billion. 
 See Note 21 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details regarding income taxes. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation expense attributable to equity awards granted to employees and non-employees is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award. For employee awards, the expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for awards that actually vest, which is generally the period from the grant date to the end of the vesting period. For non-employee awards, the expense for awards that actually vest is recognized based on when the goods or services are provided. 
 We expect to continue to grant stock-based awards in the future, and, to the extent that we do, our stock-based compensation expense recognized in future periods will likely continue to represent a significant expense. 
 We estimate the fair value of stock option awards granted using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing formula (the Black-Scholes Model and a single option award approach. This model requires various significant judgmental assumptions in order to derive a final fair value determination for each type of award, including the expected term, expected volatility, expected dividend yield, risk-free interest rate, and fair value of our stock on the date of grant. The expected option term for options granted is calculated using the simplified method. This election was made based on the lack of sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the vesting period. Estimated volatility is based on similar entities whose stock is publicly traded. We use the historical volatilities of similar entities due to the lack of sufficient historical data for our common stock price. Dividend yields are based on our history and expected future actions. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield curve of a zero coupon U.S. Treasury bond on the date the stock option award was granted with a maturity equal to the expected term of the stock option award. All grants of stock options generally have an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of such common stock on the date of grant. 
 The Company estimated the fair value of the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units awards in connection with the modification of the original stock options using the Hull-White model and a binomial lattice model in order to apply appropriate weight and consideration of the associated distribution threshold and catch-up base amount. The Hull-White model requires similar judgmental assumptions as the Black-Scholes Model used for valuing the Company's options. 
 Because there has historically been no public market for our stock, the fair value of our equity has historically been approved by our board of directors or the compensation committee thereof as of the date 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 stock-based awards were granted. In estimating the fair value of stock, we use the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist and considered factors we believe are material to the valuation process, including but not limited to, the price at which recent equity was issued by us to independent third parties or transacted between third parties, actual and projected financial results, risks, prospects, economic and market conditions, and estimates of weighted average cost of capital. We believe the combination of these factors provides an appropriate estimate of our expected fair value and reflects the best estimate of the fair value of our common stock at each grant date. 
 Subsequent to executing the Merger Agreement through the Business Combination (as defined in Note 1 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K ), we determined the value of our common stock based on the observable daily closing price of BXAC's stock (ticker symbol "BOWX") multiplied by the exchange ratio in effect for such transaction date. Subsequent to the Business Combination, we determined the value of our common stock based on the observable daily closing price of WeWork's stock (ticker symbol "WE"). 
 We have elected to recognize forfeitures of stock-based awards as they occur. Recognition of any compensation expense relating to stock grants that vest contingent on the completion of an initial public offering or "Acquisition" (as defined in the 2015 Plan detailed in Note 24 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) as deferred until the consummation of such offering or Acquisition. These performance-based vesting conditions (based upon the occurrence of a liquidity event (as defined in the 2015 Plan and related award agreements) were deemed satisfied upon the closing of the Business Combination. 
 Other Fair Value Measurements 
 Other critical accounting estimates include the valuation of our warrant liabilities which are remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis, with the corresponding gain or loss included in our gain (loss) from change in fair value of warrant liabilities. The warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2022, were valued using the level 2 input of the fair value of our public warrants traded on the NYSE under the ticker "WEWS". 
 See Note 18 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details regarding fair value measurements. 
 Consolidation and Variable Interest Entities 
 We are required to consolidate entities deemed to be VIEs in which we are the primary beneficiary. We are considered to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE when we have (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue under the five-step model required under ASC 606, which requires us to identify the relevant contract with the member, identify the performance obligations in the contract, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations identified and recognize revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied. 
 We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our members to make required payments. If the financial condition of a specific member were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of its ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was 350 million of debt outstanding under the Credit Agreement that bears interest at the Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), with a floor of 0.75 , plus 6.50 . In February 2023, the Company entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, pursuant to which the interest on reimbursement obligations increased from the Term SOFR Rate plus 6.50 to the Term SOFR Rate plus 9.90 and the Junior LC Facility was increased from 350 million to 470 million. The payments due under the Credit Agreement on the outstanding standby letters of credit and the unused portion represent a fixed 1.50 of the amount outstanding and 0.375 of the unused amount. The interest rates on the Senior LC Facility, the 7.875 Senior Notes, the 5.00 Senior Notes, the Secured Notes and other loans include fixed rates of interest. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 The U.S. dollar is the functional currency of our consolidated and unconsolidated entities operating in the United States. For our consolidated and unconsolidated entities operating outside of the United States, we generally assign the relevant local currency as the functional currency, as the local currency is generally the principal currency of the economic environment in which the foreign entity primarily generates and expends cash. Our international operating companies typically earn revenue and incur expenses in local currencies that are consistent with the functional currency of the relevant entity, and therefore they are not subject to significant foreign currency risk in their daily operations. However, as exchange rates may fluctuate between periods, revenue and operating expenses, when converted into U.S. dollars, may also fluctuate between periods. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned approximately 56 of our revenues from subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. Although we are impacted by the exchange rate movements from a number of currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily impacted by fluctuations in the U.S. dollar-British Pound and U.S. dollar-Euro. 
 We hold cash and cash equivalents in foreign currencies to have funds available for use by our international operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had a balance of over 100 million in cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies. In addition, monetary intercompany transactions that are not of a long-term investment nature may be denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and/or in a different currency than the respective entity s functional currency. As a result, we are subject to foreign currency risk and changes in foreign currency exchange rates can impact the Foreign currency gain (loss) recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Operations relating to these monetary intercompany transactions. As of December 31, 2022, in addition to our cash and cash equivalents referenced above, we had 1.8 billion in various other monetary assets and 0.9 billion in various other monetary liabilities that were subject to foreign currency risk. We estimate that a 10 change in the relevant exchange rates would result in a total net change of approximately 94 million in foreign currency gain or loss on these transactions. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflationary factors such as increases in the cost of raw materials and overhead costs may adversely affect our results of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, inflation in the United States and in a number of other countries in which we operate rose to its highest level since the Company opened its first location in 2010. Although a large portion of our operating costs are lease costs that are contractual with fixed escalation clauses, a portion of our costs are subject to inflationary pressures including, capital expenditures, lease costs in certain of our international real estate portfolio, payroll, and other operating costs. Our inflation-linked leases represent less than 20 of our total portfolio and are primarily located in Latin America and Europe. In Latin America, almost all of our membership agreements provide for inflation indexing, thereby functioning as offsets to any inflation-linked adjustments to rent. In addition consumables and utilities, which are the operating expenses most impacted by inflation, 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 represent approximately 3 of direct location operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations to date. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through higher membership fees or price increases for services. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 111 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 112 
 Report of Independent Registered Pu blic Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 113 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 115 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 116 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 117 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock, Noncontrolling Interests and Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 118 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 122 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 123 
 Supplementary Information (Unaudited) 
 217 
 Consolidating Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Unaudited) 
 218 
 Consolidating Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (Unaudited) 
 220 
 Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (Unaudited) 
 223 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Management's Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of WeWork Inc. (the "Company") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets of the Company that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 The design of a system of internal control requires management to make judgments in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Our management does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions, and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management determined that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report is included herein. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of WeWork Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited WeWork Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, WeWork Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in convertible preferred stock, noncontrolling interests and equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated March 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 28, 2023 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of WeWork Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of WeWork Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in convertible preferred stock, noncontrolling interests and equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of Long-lived assets 
 Description of the Matter 
 As described in Note 2 and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, long-lived assets are evaluated for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may have been impaired. The Company continues to implement its operational restructuring program, which included the termination of certain leases throughout 2022. In addition, as a result of macroeconomic events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, potential economic recession, rising interest rates and inflation, the Company experienced declines in revenue and operating income at certain asset groups. Based on these events, the Company evaluated its long-lived assets for recoverability and determined that certain assets groups were not recoverable and were impaired. As a result, the Company recognized a 589 million impairment loss for these long-lived assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Auditing the Company's recoverability and impairment tests involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the significant estimation required in determining the future cash flows of the asset groups. The Company developed its significant assumptions such as revenue growth, lease costs, market rental rates, discount rates and overall economics of the real estate industry related to each asset groups future cash flows, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 Our testing of the Company's recoverability and impairment tests included, among other procedures, evaluating the significant assumptions and operating data used to assess recoverability and estimate the fair value of the asset groups. For example, we compared the significant assumptions used to estimate cash flows, including revenue growth, to the historical results of the asset groups operating results in the same geography. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the recovery amount and fair value estimates. For asset groups tested for impairment, we also involved our valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the market rental rates and discount rates used in the fair value estimates for the asset groups that were determined to be impaired. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 WEWORK INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (Amounts in millions, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable and accrued revenue, net of allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (1) 
 Prepaid expenses (1) 
 Other current assets (1) 
 Total current assets Property and equipment, net Lease right-of-use assets, net Equity method and other investments Goodwill and intangible assets, net Other assets (including related party amounts of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (1) 
 Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses (1) 
 Members service retainers Deferred revenue (1) 
 Current lease obligations (1) 
 Other current liabilities (1) 
 Total current liabilities Long-term lease obligations (1) 
 Senior Notes (including amounts due to related parties of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (1) 
 Warrant liabilities, net Long-term debt, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 26) 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Equity WeWork Inc. shareholders' equity (deficit): 
 Preferred stock; par value ; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Common stock Class A; par value ; shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Common stock Class C; par value ; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost; shares held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) Total WeWork Inc. shareholders' deficit 
 ) Noncontrolling interests Total equity ) Total liabilities and equity 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 WEWORK INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue (1) 
 Expenses: Location operating expenses cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, shown separately below) 
 Pre-opening location expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring and other related (gains) costs ) Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 Depreciation and amortization Total expenses (1) 
 Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest and other income (expenses), net: Income (loss) from equity method and other investments ) ) ) Interest expense (including related party expenses of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 17) (1) 
 ) ) ) Interest income 
 Foreign currency gain (loss) ) ) Gain (loss) from change in fair value of warrant liabilities (including related party financial instruments of , ) and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 18) (1) 
 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 ) Total interest and other income (expenses), net ) ) Pre-tax loss 
 ) ) ) Income tax benefit (provision) ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests mezzanine Noncontrolling interest equity Net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. 
 ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders (see Note 25): 
 Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 WEWORK INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 ) Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities, net of tax of for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) Comprehensive loss attributable to WeWork Inc. 
 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

117 

Table of Contents 

 WEWORK INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling (Amounts in millions, except share amounts) Interests Balance December 31, 2021 Stock-based compensation Issuance of noncontrolling interests ) Net loss ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Other ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) 
 WeWork Inc. Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 Accumulated Common Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Other (Amounts in millions, except share amounts) Class A Class C Paid-In Comprehensive Accumulated Noncontrolling Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Interests Total Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of noncontrolling interests Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock in connection with Acquisition Reclassification of liability classified warrants to equity Fair value of equity classified contingent consideration Transactions with principal shareholder Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Issuance of common stock for settlement of vested RSUs Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Other ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 WEWORK INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Noncontrolling (Amounts in millions, except share amounts) Shares Amount Interests Balance December 31, 2020 Conversion of Legacy WeWork convertible preferred stock to common stock ) ) ) Cancellation of convertible note and conversion to common stock ) Issuance of shares in connection with convertible note conversion Issuance of noncontrolling interests Exercise of warrants Net loss ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Other Balance December 31, 2021 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 WeWork Inc. Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 Accumulated Common Stock Common Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Other (Amounts in millions, except share amounts) Class A Class B Class C Paid-In Comprehensive Accumulated Noncontrolling Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Interests Total Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Forfeiture of noncontrolling WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units in the WeWork Partnership and Common Stock Class C ) Issuance of stock for services rendered ) ) Transfer from Class B to Class A ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Cancellation of shares ) ) ) Exercise of warrants Conversion of Legacy WeWork convertible preferred stock to common stock Cancellation of convertible note and conversion to common stock Issuance of common stock in connection with Business Combination Issuance of common stock in connection with PIPE Investment and Backstop Investment Costs attributable to the issuance of common stock in connection with Business Combination and PIPE Investment ) ) Reclassification of liability classified warrants to equity Release of vested RSUs Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Transaction with principal shareholder Conversion of WeWork Partnership Profits Interest Units to Partnership Units ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Other Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 WEWORK INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 
 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Noncontrolling (Amounts in millions, except share amounts) Shares Amount Interests Balance December 31, 2019 Issuance of noncontrolling interests Stock-based compensation Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) Exercise of warrants, net Distribution to noncontrolling interests ) Net loss ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Balance December 31, 2020 
 WeWork Inc. Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 Accumulated Common Stock Common Stock Common Stock Additional Other (Amounts in millions, except share amounts) Class A Class B Class C Paid-In Comprehensive Accumulated Noncontrolling Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Interests Total Balance December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Adoption of ASC 326 (Note 2) Forfeiture of noncontrolling WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units in the WeWork Partnership and Common Stock Class C ) Issuance of stock for services rendered ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Settlement of stockholder notes receivable (see Note 24) 
 ) Issuance of stock in connection with acquisitions Issuance of noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Deconsolidation of consolidated subsidiaries ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) ) Transactions with principal shareholder Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 WEWORK INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash interest expense Foreign currency (gain) loss ) Other non-cash operating expenses ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets Current and long-term lease obligations ) ) Accounts receivable and accrued revenue ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Deferred revenue ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software ) ) ) Proceeds from asset divestitures and sale of investments, net of cash divested Other investing ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from Business Combination and PIPE financing, net of issuance costs paid Proceeds from unsecured related party debt Proceeds from issuance of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interests ) ) Issuance of noncontrolling interests Additions to members service retainers Refunds of members service retainers ) ) ) Other financing ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period 
 December 31, (Amounts in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash (Note 14) 
 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale (Note 8) 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, including cash held for sale 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 locations, including Consolidated Locations, around the world as of December 2022. The Company's membership offerings are designed to accommodate its members' distinct space needs. WeWork provides its members the optionality to choose from a dedicated desk, a private office or a fully customized floor with the flexibility to choose the type of membership that works for them on a monthly subscription basis, through a multi-year membership agreement or on a pay-as-you-go basis. 
 The Company s operations are headquartered in New York. 
 WeWork Companies Inc. was founded in 2010. The We Company was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in April 2019 as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of WeWork Companies Inc. As a result of various legal entity reorganization transactions undertaken in July 2019, The We Company became the holding company of the Company's business, and the then-stockholders of WeWork Companies Inc. became the stockholders of The We Company. WeWork Companies Inc. is the predecessor of The We Company for financial reporting purposes. Effective October 14, 2020, The We Company changed its legal name to WeWork Inc. ("Legacy WeWork"). 
 On October 20, 2021 (the Closing Date ), the Company (which was formerly known as BowX Acquisition Corp. Legacy BowX )) consummated its previously announced business combination pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 25, 2021 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Legacy BowX, a subsidiary of Legacy BowX, and Legacy WeWork. As contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (1) the subsidiary of Legacy BowX merged with and into Legacy WeWork, with Legacy WeWork surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy BowX, and (2) immediately thereafter, Legacy WeWork merged with and into another subsidiary of Legacy BowX (such mergers and collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ). In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Legacy BowX changed its name to WeWork Inc., resulting in WeWork Inc. becoming a publicly traded company. 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this Form 10-K to (A) WeWork , the Company, we, us and our are to the business of WeWork Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries following the closing of the Business Combination and to (B) Legacy WeWork are to WeWork Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the closing of the Business Combination. Legacy BowX refers to BowX Acquisition Corp. prior to the Business Combination. See Note 3 for further discussion on the Business Combination. 
 The Company holds an indirect general partner interest and indirect limited partner interests in The We Company Management Holdings L.P. (the WeWork Partnership ). The WeWork Partnership owns of the equity in WeWork Companies LLC (the "Issuer"). The Company, through the WeWork Partnership and WeWork Companies LLC, holds all the assets held by WeWork Companies Inc. prior to the July 2019 legal entity reorganization and is subject to all the liabilities to which WeWork Companies Inc. was subject prior to the 2019 legal entity reorganization. 
 All references to "SBG" are references to SoftBank Group Corp. or a controlled affiliate or subsidiary thereof, but, unless the context otherwise requires, such references do not include SVF Endurance (Cayman) Limited ("SVFE"), the SoftBank Vision Fund (AIV M1) L.P. ("SoftBank Vision Fund") or the SoftBank Vision Fund II-2 L.P. ("SVF II"). 
 In October 2019, Legacy WeWork entered into an agreement with SBG and SoftBank Vision Fund for additional equity and debt financing, as well as a number of changes to Legacy WeWork's corporate governance, including changes to the voting rights associated with certain series of Legacy WeWork's capital stock (as subsequently amended, the "Master Transaction Agreement"). The changes associated with this October 2019 agreement, related agreements and amendments entered into subsequent to October 2019, as described throughout these financial statement notes, are collectively referred to as the 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

The Business Combination (as defined in Note 1) closed on October 20, 2021, was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization under U.S. GAAP whereby Legacy BowX was determined to be the accounting acquiree, and Legacy WeWork, the accounting acquirer. This accounting treatment is equivalent to Legacy WeWork issuing common stock for the net assets of Legacy BowX, accompanied by a recapitalization. As a result of the Business Combination, prior period share and per share amounts presented in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and these related notes have been retroactively converted using the Exchange Ratio (as defined in Note 3). 
 See Note 28 for further discussion on the Company's segment reporting. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Evaluation in conjunction with the issuance of the December 31, 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The Company has incurred net losses of billion, billion, and billion, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and negative cash flow from operating activities of billion billion, and billion, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million in cash and cash equivalents, including million held at its consolidated VIEs, and million commitment under the Secured NPA. In January 2023, the Company issued million of previously committed Secured Notes to SVF Il leaving million of remaining commitment under the Secured NPA. In February 2023, the Company amended the Junior LC Tranche to provide an additional million of liquidity (see Note 29). 
 Our losses and projected cash needs, combined with our current liquidity level, initially raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan to improve the Company s liquidity and successfully mitigate the substantial doubt includes (1) restructuring existing debt and raising additional capital and, (2) taking additional operational restructuring actions furthering the plan that commenced following a change in leadership in 2020. 
 Debt restructuring and capital raising plans 
 In March 2023, the Company entered into a contractually committed comprehensive recapitalization transaction (the "Transactions") with an Ad Hoc Group of our bondholders, SBG and affiliates, and a third-party investor. Upon Closing, the Transactions will increase our net liquidity by over million , prior to transaction costs, through: 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 million increase in net liquidity from issuance of new first lien notes, including million cash commitment backstopped by the Ad Hoc Group; million delayed draw note issued to a third-party investor, and; million delayed draw note issued to SVF II from the rollover of the million commitment under the Secured NPA; 
 million increase in net liquidity from issuance of million shares of Class A Common Stock in a private placement at a purchase price of per share; and 
 million decrease in net liquidity from the repayment of any amounts borrowed or cancellation of the commitment under the Secured NPA. 
 The Transactions also cancel or convert approximately billion of total debt through equitization or discounted exchanges of our Senior Notes and Senior Notes and extends certain debt maturities from 2025 to 2027 as more fully described in Note 29. 
 Management has determined that the approvals obtained in connection with the execution of the various transaction agreements related to the Transactions are sufficient to ensure the closing of the Transactions (see Note 29). Management has determined that the remaining steps in closing the Transactions are within its control and are probable to be implemented on a timely basis. 
 Operational restructuring plans 
 The Company has been executing a strategic plan to transform our business over the last three years. The Company will continue to execute our operational restructuring program in 2023 and take additional actions to further this strategic plan which to date has included robust expense management efforts, material real estate portfolio optimization and the exit of non-core businesses, contributing to an improvement in our net loss from operations of billion for the year ended December 31, 2020 to billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Management's plans over the next twelve months include the further reduction of gross capital expenditures and other SG A cost saving measures. In January 2023, the Company further reduced the global workforce by approximately . Management believes that these plans are within its control and probable of being implemented on a timely basis. In addition, the Company will continue to assess our real estate portfolio to amend or exit unfavorable leases or underperforming locations, and negotiate rent reductions. 
 Management believes that the expected impact on our liquidity and cash flows resulting from the Transactions and the operational initiatives outlined above are sufficient to enable the Company to meet its obligations for at least twelve months from the issuance date and alleviate the conditions that initially raised substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

million and million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and Purchases of property and equipment into one financial statement line item, "Purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software" for all periods presented on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

127 

Table of Contents 

 also using the straight-line method. Costs associated with repairs and maintenance of property and equipment that do not extend the normal useful life of an asset are expensed as incurred and amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 See Note 3 for details on transaction costs recognized in connection with the Business Combination and Note 6 for details on transaction costs recognized in connection with acquisitions. 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 . Maintenance and training costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Acquired intangible assets are carried at cost and finite-lived intangible asset are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. We determine the appropriate useful life of our intangible assets by measuring the expected cash flows of acquired assets. The initial estimated useful life of the Company's finite-lived intangible assets range from to . 
 
 , and million, respectively, in routine impairment charges and property and equipment write-offs relating to excess, obsolete or slow-moving inventory of furniture and equipment, early termination of leases and cancellation of other deals or projects occurring in the ordinary course of business. These impairment charges are included as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In connection with operational restructuring program described in Note 5 and related changes in the Company's leasing plans and planned or completed disposition of certain non-core operations, as well as the impact to the Company's business as a result of COVID-19, the Company has also recorded various other non-routine write-offs, impairments and gains on sale of goodwill, intangibles and various other assets. These non-routine charges totaled million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included as impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Assets Held for Sale The Company classifies an asset (or assets to be disposed of together as a group) as held for sale when management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the assets, the assets are available for immediate sale in their present condition, subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets, an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell have been initiated and it is probable the transfer of the assets are expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year, except if events or circumstances beyond the Company's control extend the period of time required to sell the assets beyond one year. Prior period balances are not reclassified. Assets classified as held for sale are being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to their current fair value and actions required to complete the sale plan indicate it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, assets held for sale totaling million and liabilities held for sale totaling million are included in other current assets and other current liabilities, respectively, on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, there were no assets classified as held for sale. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 131 

Table of Contents 

132 

Table of Contents 

 - years and may also provide for renewal options. Renewal options are typically solely at the Company s discretion and are only included within the lease obligation and right-of-use asset when the Company is reasonably certain that the renewal options would be exercised. 
 The Company s leases may include base rent payments and rent payments that include escalation terms on the amount of base rent which may vary by market with examples including fixed-rent escalations or escalations based on an inflation index or other market adjustments. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate are included in lease payments and are measured using the prevailing index or rate at lease inception or the measurement date. Changes to the index or rate are recognized in the period of change. 
 Most leases require the Company to pay common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other similar costs. Common area maintenance is considered a non-lease component whereas real estate taxes are not components of a lease as defined in ASC 842. The Company has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components for all asset classes in our real estate portfolio. To the extent that such costs represent non-lease components and payments are fixed in the lease agreement, those costs are included in the lease payments used to calculate the lease obligation and are included within the total lease cost recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 The Company expends cash for leasehold improvements and to build out and equip its leased locations. Generally, a portion of the cost of leasehold improvements is reimbursed to us by our landlords as a tenant improvement allowance. The Company may also receive a broker commission from the lessor for its role in identifying and negotiating certain of the Company s leases. The Company recognizes lease incentives receivable relating to tenant improvement allowances and broker commissions receivable for its role in negotiating the Company s leases, as a reduction of fixed lease payments at the lease commencement date, reducing the initial measurement of the lease obligation and right-of-use asset. The Company considers lease incentive receivables to represent a fixed future receipt due from the landlord, as our practice and intent is to spend up to or more than the full amount of the tenant improvement allowance that is contractually provided under the terms of the contract as well as to collect any broker commission fees contractually due to the Company after lease commencement. The lease obligation recorded on the Company's balance sheet will increase as the Company receives collections on its lease incentives receivable that were included as a component of the total lease obligation at lease commencement. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 134 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million, respectively, of advertising expenses. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses also includes cost of revenue in the amount of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in connection with our Powered by We on-site office design, development and management solutions and costs of providing various other products and services not directly related to the Company s core space-as-a-service offerings, including but not limited to the products and services offered by Meetup, Inc., Flatiron School, Inc., and Managed by Q Inc. in the periods prior to their disposition as described in Note 5. There was depreciation and amortization recognized in connection with providing these products and services for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, 
 135 

Table of Contents 

136 

Table of Contents 

137 

Table of Contents 

138 

Table of Contents 

139 

Table of Contents 

 million. Our primary financial instruments in-scope for ASU 2016-13 are accounts receivable, accrued revenue, contract assets and available-for-sale debt securities. Contract assets are included within other current assets and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Given the short-term nature of the receivables and minimal expected credit losses, the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 In October 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Targeted Improvements to Related Party Guidance for Variable Interest Entities ("ASU 2018-17"). ASU No. 2018-17 amends the guidance for determining whether a decision-making fee is a variable interest and requires organizations to consider indirect interests held through related parties under common control on a proportional basis rather than as the equivalent of a direct interest in its entirety. The Company adopted ASU 2018-17 on January 1, 2020 and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740)-Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ("ASU 2019-12"). ASU 2019-12 simplifies accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions from the general principles in Topic 740 and clarifying certain aspects of the current guidance to promote consistency among reporting entities. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 as of January 1, 2021, which did not have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ("ASU 2020-06"). ASU 2020-06 adds a disclosure objective and certain disclosure requirements to increase transparency and decision-usefulness about a convertible instrument s terms and features, by reducing the number of models used to account for convertible instruments, amending diluted earnings per share calculations for convertible instruments, and amending the requirements for a contract (or embedded derivative) that is potentially settled in an entity s own shares to be classified in equity. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 as of January 1, 2022, which did not have any impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832) Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance ("ASU 2021-10"). ASU 2021-10 requires certain annual disclosures about transactions with a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution accounting model by analogy. The Company has availed itself of certain limited government assistance provided during the COVID-19 pandemic (e.g., government grants). The Company adopted ASU 2021-10 as of January 1, 2022, which did not have any impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805) - Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers ("ASU 2021-08"). ASU 2021-08 requires that an entity (acquirer) recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606. At the acquisition date, an acquirer should account for the related revenue contracts in accordance with Topic 606 as if it had originated the contracts. ASU 2021-08 is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, 
 140 

Table of Contents 

million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million, which closed substantially concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. In addition, Legacy BowX entered into a backstop subscription agreement with DTZ Worldwide (the "Backstop Investor") whereby it would issue up to million shares of the Company's Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of up to million, depending on the level of public shareholder redemptions. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, the Backstop Investor subscribed for million shares of the Company's Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 Exchange of Legacy WeWork Stock. Each outstanding share of Legacy WeWork Class A common stock and all series of Legacy WeWork preferred stock were exchanged for (the "Exchange Ratio") shares of WeWork Inc. Class A common stock. Holders of Legacy WeWork Class C common stock received shares of WeWork Inc. Class C common stock determined by application of the Exchange Ratio. Outstanding options and warrants to purchase Legacy WeWork common stock and restricted stock units ("RSUs") were converted into the right to receive options or warrants to purchase shares of the Company's Class A common stock or RSUs representing the right to receive shares of the Company's Class A common stock, as applicable, on the same terms and conditions that are in effect with respect to such options, warrants or RSUs on the day of the closing of the Business Combination, subject to adjustments using the Exchange Ratio. 
 First Warrants. The Company issued warrants to affiliates of SBG to purchase shares of the Company's Class A common stock at a price per share of (the "First Warrants"). The First Warrants were issued as an inducement to obtain SBG and its affiliates support in effectuating the automatic conversion of Legacy WeWork preferred stock on a one-to-one basis to Legacy WeWork common stock. The First Warrants will expire on the tenth anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination and were recorded to additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Private and Public Warrants. Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy BowX issued public warrants ("Public Warrants" or "Sponsor Warrants") and private placement warrants ("Private Warrants"). Upon closing of the Business Combination, the 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 per share, subject to adjustments. The Public Warrants and Private Warrants are exercisable at any time commencing days after the completion of the Business Combination, and terminating after the Business Combination. 
 Legacy BowX Trust Account. The Company received gross cash consideration of million as a result of the reverse recapitalization. 
 Transaction Costs. The Company incurred million of equity issuance costs, consisting of financial advisory, legal, share registration, and other professional fees, which are recorded to additional paid-in capital as a reduction of transaction proceeds. 
 The above transactions were accounted for as a reverse recapitalization under U.S. GAAP whereby Legacy BowX was determined to be the accounting acquiree and Legacy WeWork, the accounting acquirer. This accounting treatment is equivalent to Legacy WeWork issuing common stock for the net assets of Legacy BowX, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Legacy BowX are recorded at historical cost whereby no goodwill or other intangible assets are recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are those of Legacy WeWork. As a result of the Business Combination completed on October 20, 2021, prior period share and per share amounts presented in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and these related notes have been retroactively converted using the Exchange Ratio. 
 Legacy BowX Sponsor Sponsor Persons Legacy BowX Public Stockholders PIPE Investors Backstop Investor Total 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 during 2022 and 2021, and during 2020) 
 Cash paid during the period for income taxes, net of refunds ) Cash received for operating lease incentives tenant improvement allowances Cash received for operating lease incentives broker commissions Other non-cash operating expenses: Non-cash transaction with principal shareholder Loss on extinguishment of debt Cash paid to settle employee stock awards ) Issuance of stock for services rendered, net of forfeitures ) Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts (Income) loss from equity method and other investments Distribution of income from equity method and other investments Change in fair value of financial instruments ) ) Other non-cash operating expenses ) Other investing: Change in security deposits with landlords Contributions to investments ) ) ) Distributions from investments Cash used for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Deconsolidation of cash of ChinaCo, net of cash received ) Proceeds from repayment of notes receivable Other investing ) ) Other financing: Principal payments for property and equipment acquired under finance leases ) ) ) Debt and equity issuance costs ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants Taxes paid on withholding shares ) ) Payments for contingent consideration and holdback of acquisition proceeds ) ) ) Proceeds relating to contingent consideration and holdbacks of disposition proceeds Other financing ) ) ) Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Investing Financing Activities: Property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Conversion of related party liabilities to Preferred Stock Non-cash transaction with principal shareholder Warrants issued as debt issuance costs Decrease in consolidated total assets resulting from the deconsolidation of ChinaCo (excluding amounts that previously eliminated in consolidation) Decrease in consolidated total liabilities resulting from the deconsolidation of ChinaCo (excluding amounts that previously eliminated in consolidation) Issuance of stock in connection with acquisitions 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 Cash paid for interest relating to finance leases in operating activities Cash paid for principal relating to finance leases in financing activities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations, net of modifications and terminations ) ) ) 
 
 previously opened locations and pre-open locations compared to previously opened locations and pre-open locations terminated during the year ended December 31, 2021, and previously opened locations and pre-open locations terminated during the year ended December 31, 2020, bringing the total terminations since the beginning of the restructuring to . 
 In conjunction with the efforts to right-size its real estate portfolio, since 2019 the Company has also successfully amended over leases for a combination of partial terminations to reduce its leased space, rent reductions, rent deferrals, offsets for tenant improvement allowances and other strategic changes. These amendments and full and partial lease terminations have resulted in an estimated reduction of approximately billion in total future undiscounted fixed minimum lease cost payments that were scheduled to be paid over the life of the original executed lease agreements, including changes to the obligations of ChinaCo, which occurred during the period it was consolidated. Over of these amendments were executed during the year ended December 31, 2022, reducing the total future undiscounted fixed minimum lease cost payments by an estimated billion. 
 The Company anticipates that there may be additional impairment, restructuring and related costs during 2023, consisting primarily of lease termination charges, other exit costs and costs related to ceased use buildings, as the Company is still in the process of finalizing its operational restructuring plans. Management is continuing to evaluate the Company's real estate portfolio in connection with its ongoing restructuring efforts and expects to exit additional leases. 
 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs totaled ) million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Ceased use buildings Gains on lease terminations, net ) ) ) Other, net Total ) 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Class B Common Stock of the Company from We Holdings LLC, which is Mr. Neumann's affiliated investment vehicle, for a price per share of , representing an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. The Company recorded million of restructuring and other related (gains) costs in its Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, which represents the excess between the amount paid from a principal shareholder of the Company to We Holding LLC and the fair value of the stock purchased. Also, in connection with the Settlement Agreement, the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units held by Mr. Neumann in the WeWork Partnership became fully vested and were amended to have a catch-up base amount of . The per unit distribution thresholds for the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units were also amended to initially be . In connection with the Settlement Agreement, WeWork Inc. received a third-party valuation of fair market value of the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units, which confirmed that no upward adjustment was needed. As a result of this modification, the Company recorded million of restructuring and other related (gains) costs in its Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 10 for details on the conversion of WeWork Partnerships Profits Interests Units. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, net restructuring liabilities totaled approximately million and million, respectively, including million and million, respectively, in Accounts payable and accrued expenses and, million and million, respectively, in Other liabilities, net of million and million, respectively, in receivables from landlords in connection with lease terminations, included in other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs expensed during the period ) Cash payments of restructuring liabilities, net (1) 
 ) ) Non-cash impact primarily asset and liability write-offs and stock-based compensation Restructuring liability Balance at end of period 
 
 (1) Includes cash payments received from landlords for terminated leases of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In connection with the operational restructuring program and related changes in the Company's leasing plans and planned or completed disposition or wind down of certain non-core operations and projects, the Company has also recorded various other non-routine write-offs, impairments and gains on sale of goodwill, intangibles and various other long-lived assets. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also performed its quarterly impairment assessment for long-lived assets. As a result of macroeconomic events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting declines in revenue and operating income experienced by certain locations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, WeWork identified certain assets whose carrying value was now deemed to have been partially impaired. The Company evaluated its estimates and assumptions related to its locations future performance and performed a comprehensive review of its locations long-lived assets for impairment, including both property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, at an individual location level. Key assumptions used in estimating the fair value of WeWork's location assets in connection with the Company's impairment analyses are revenue growth, lease costs, market rental rates, changes in local real estate markets in which we operate, inflation, and the overall economics of the real estate industry. The Company's assumptions account for the estimated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million and million, respectively, in impairments, primarily as a result of decreases in projected cash flows primarily attributable to the impact of COVID-19. 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included on a net basis as impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Impairment expense, other Impairment of intangible assets Loss on ChinaCo Deconsolidation (See Note 10) 
 Impairment of assets held for sale Gain on sale of assets ) ) Total 
 The table above excludes certain routine impairment charges for property and equipment write-offs relating to excess, obsolete, or slow-moving inventory of furniture and equipment, early termination of leases and cancellation of other deals or projects occurring in the ordinary course of business totaling , and million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In connection with the Company's operational restructuring program, the Company has divested or wound down certain non-core operations not directly related to its space-as-a-service during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. There were no dispositions or goodwill impairments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In January 2020, the Company sold Teem for total cash consideration of million. The Company recorded a gain on the sale of million, included in impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 In March 2020, the Company sold Managed by Q for total cash consideration of million. Of the total consideration, million was heldback at closing and was included as a disposition proceeds holdback receivable within other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, million of the holdback was released and million included as a disposition proceeds holdback receivable within other current assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recorded a gain on the sale in the amount of million, included in impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. The gain on sale in 2020 was recognized after a million impairment of intangible assets and a million impairment of goodwill associated with Managed by Q that was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 In March 2020, the Company also sold of the equity of Meetup for total cash consideration of million and the remaining was retained by the Company. Upon closing, Meetup was deconsolidated and the Company's interest in the equity of Meetup is reflected within equity method and other investments on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. Prior to the sale, the Company recorded an impairment loss of million on the assets held for sale, included in Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 In March 2020, the Company completed the sale of the real estate investment held by the 424 Fifth Venture and recognized an impairment loss on the assets sold totaling million, included in impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 million was heldback at closing of which million and million was received, respectively during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 10 for further details. 
 In May 2020, the Company sold SpaceIQ for a total cash consideration of million. Prior to the sale, the Company recorded an impairment loss of million, on the assets held for sale, included in impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 In July 2020, the Company sold certain non-core corporate equipment for total cash consideration of million. Prior to the sale, the Company recorded an impairment loss of million on the assets held for sale, included in impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 In August 2020, the Company sold Flatiron LLC, Designation Labs LLC, SecureSet Academy LLC, Flatiron School UK Limited and Flatiron School Australia Pty Ltd (collectively "Flatiron") for total cash consideration of million. Prior to the sale, the Company recorded an impairment loss of million, during the year ended December 31, 2020, and also recorded a gain on sale of million during the year ended December 31, 2020 included in impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Arthur Minson, WeWork s former Co-Chief Executive Officer, is an investor in the entity that Carrick used to purchase Flatiron. In connection with the sale, the Company waived certain non-compete obligations for Mr. Minson to allow him to serve on the board of, and also invest in, Flatiron. 
 During 2020, the Company sold the assets of two other non-core companies for total cash consideration of million and a promissory note of million. The promissory note receivable is included within equity method and other investments on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020, and was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. Prior to the classification as held for sale, the Company recorded an impairment loss on certain of these assets totaling million and then recorded a gain on the ultimate sale totaling million, both included as a component of impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 of the equity of Common Desk Inc. ("Common Desk") for a total consideration of million. Common Desk is a Dallas-based coworking operator with locations in Texas and North Carolina, that operates a majority of its locations under asset-light management agreements with landlords. 
 At closing, the Company transferred to the owners of Common Desk million in cash and million fair value of shares of its Class A common stock of the Company. The remaining consideration included a holdback of million payable in cash and contingent consideration payable in shares of Class A common stock with a fair value of million at closing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company released million of the holdback payable in cash and shares of Class A common stock with a value of million. As of December 31, 2022, million remaining cash consideration was included in Other liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, million of contingent consideration payable in Class A common stock was in included in additional paid-in capital on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company determined the fair value of the contingent consideration based on the likelihood of reaching set milestones. Each period, the contingent consideration will be remeasured to fair market value through the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain of million included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 Property and equipment Goodwill Finite-lived intangible assets Lease right-of-use assets, net Deferred tax liability ) Lease obligation, net ) Total consideration 
 There were no acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company released acquisition holdbacks of million of cash, million of preferred stock, representing shares of Series AP-4 Preferred Stock, and common stock, representing shares of Class A Common Stock relating to acquisitions that occurred prior to 2020, following the satisfaction of requirements per the terms of the relevant acquisition agreements. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company incurred acquisition transaction costs of million included in selling, general and administrative expenses in its Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 the Company did incur any acquisition transaction costs. 
 
 Prepaid lease costs Prepaid income taxes Prepaid software Other prepaid expenses Total prepaid expenses 
 
 cash) 
 Net receivable for value added tax VAT Straight-line revenue receivable Deposits held by landlords Other current assets Total other current assets 
 148 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Furniture Equipment Construction in progress Finance lease assets Property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Property and equipment, net Restricted cash Total assets Long-term debt, net Total liabilities Redeemable stock issued by VIEs Total net assets (3) 
 
 The following tables include selected consolidated financial information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, of the Company's consolidated VIEs, as included in its Consolidated Financial Statements, for the periods they were considered VIEs and in each case, after intercompany eliminations. 
 149 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 (Amounts in millions) SBG JVs (1) 
 Other VIEs (2) 
 SBG JVs (1) 
 Other VIEs (2) 
 SBG JVs (1) 
 Other VIEs (2) 
 Consolidated VIE Statements of Cash Flows information: Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) 
 (1) The SBG JVs include JapanCo, LatamCo, ChinaCo and PacificCo, as of and for the periods that each represented a consolidated VIE. The ChinaCo Deconsolidation occurred on October 2, 2020 and as a result, ChinaCo results and balances are not included above for the period subsequent to deconsolidation. The PacificCo Roll-up occurred on April 17, 2020 and as a result, PacificCo results and balances are not included above for the period subsequent to April 17, 2020. The Company entered into the LatamCo agreement on September 1, 2021 and, as a result, LatamCo results and balances are not included above for the period prior to September 1, 2021. The consent of an affiliate of SoftBank Group Capital Limited is required for any dividends to be distributed by JapanCo and LatamCo. As a result, any net assets of JapanCo and LatamCo would be considered restricted net assets to the Company as of December 31, 2022. The net assets of the SBG JVs include membership interest in JapanCo issued to affiliates of SBG with liquidation preferences totaling million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and ordinary shares in LatamCo totaling million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 that are redeemable upon the occurrence of event that is not solely within the control of the company. After reducing the net assets of the SBG JVs by the liquidation preference associated with such membership interest and redeemable ordinary shares, the remaining net assets of the SBG JVs are negative as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (2) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, "Other VIEs" includes WeCap Manager and WeCap Holdings Partnership. For the year ended December 31, 2020, "Other VIEs includes WeCap Manager, WeCap Holdings Partnership, WeWork Waller Creek, 424 Fifth Venture and the Creator Fund in the periods prior to any disposal or deconsolidation as discussed above. 
 (3) Total net assets represents total assets less total liabilities and redeemable stock issued by VIEs after the total assets and total liabilities have both been reduced to remove amounts that eliminate in consolidation. 
 The assets of consolidated VIEs will be used first to settle obligations of the applicable VIE. Remaining assets may then be distributed to the VIEs' owners, including the Company, subject to the liquidation preferences of certain noncontrolling interest holders and any other preferential distribution provisions contained within the operating agreements of the relevant VIEs. Other than the restrictions relating to the Company s SBG JVs as discussed in (1) above, third-party approval for the distribution of available net assets is not required for the Company s Other VIEs as of December 31, 2022. See Note 26 for a discussion of additional restrictions on the net assets of WeWork Companies LLC. 
 WeWork Partnership 
 On October 21, 2021, Mr. Neumann converted vested WeWork Partnership Profits Interest Units into WeWork Partnership Class A common units. On the date of the conversion notice, the distribution threshold of Mr. Neumann s vested profits interest units was , and the catch-up base amount was for a conversion fair value of million. The Company recorded the conversion as a Noncontrolling interest on its Consolidated Balance Sheets at the conversion fair value. On December 31, 2021, Mr. Neumann transferred all of his WeWork Partnership Class A Common Units to NAM WWC Holdings, LLC, which is Mr. Neumann s affiliated investment vehicle. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, NAM WWC Holdings, LLC owned and , respectively, of the WeWork Partnership and the Company allocated a loss of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was based on the relative ownership interests of Class 
 150 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 membership interest in JapanCo for an aggregate contribution of million which was funded over a period of time. During the year ended December 31, 2022, JapanCo received additional contributions from the members, including an additional contribution of million from affiliates of SBG resulting in no change in ownership interest of JapanCo. In accordance with ASC 810, it was determined that the combined interest of the Company and its related party, the affiliate of SBG, are the primary beneficiary of JapanCo. The Company was also determined to be the related party that is most closely associated to JapanCo as the activities that most significantly impact JapanCo's economic performance are aligned with those of the Company. Prior to the Business Combination, the Series A Preferred Stock were redeemable under certain circumstances set forth in the membership agreement at the option of the holder. Due to these redemption features as of December 31, 2020, the portion of consolidated equity attributable to the outside investors' interests in JapanCo are reflected as redeemable noncontrolling interests, within the mezzanine section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Effective on the Closing of the Business Combination (as described in Note 3) the redemption features were eliminated and the noncontrolling interests are reflected in the equity section of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As long as the investors remain shareholders of JapanCo, JapanCo will be the exclusive operator of the Company s WeWork branded space-as-a-service businesses in Japan. 
 LatamCo 
 During September 2021, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company LatamCo entered into an agreement with SoftBank Latin America ("SBLA"), an affiliate of SBG, for the sale of interest (with up to voting power) in LatamCo for an aggregate contribution of million funded through equity and secured promissory notes, in exchange for ordinary shares of LatamCo. As of December 31, 2021, LatamCo received the total contributions totaling million. It was determined that the combined interest of the Company and SBLA, the affiliate of SBG, are the primary beneficiaries of LatamCo. The Company was also determined to be the related party that is most closely associated to LatamCo as the activities that most significantly impact LatamCo's economic performance are aligned with those of the Company. Due to the sell-out rights discussed below, the portion of consolidated equity attributable to the SBLA s interests in LatamCo are reflected as Redeemable noncontrolling interest within the mezzanine section of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. Upon formation of LatamCo, the Company contributed its businesses in Argentina, Mexico, Brazil, Colombia and Chile (collectively, the "Greater Latin American territory"), committed to fund million to LatamCo, and remains as guarantor on certain lease obligations, in exchange for ordinary shares of LatamCo. 
 In February 2022, a fully owned subsidiary of the Company contributed its business in Costa Rica, transferring interest to LatamCo, and granted LatamCo the exclusive right to operate the Company s business in Costa Rica under the WeWork brand, in exchange for a waiver by SBG, an affiliate of SBLA, of its right to be reimbursed by the Company for million of the remaining reimbursement obligation in connection with the SoftBank Transactions (as discussed in Note 27). Upon the contribution of its business in Costa Rica, Costa Rica is considered as part of the Greater Latin American territory. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Company was liable up to million for costs related to the termination of certain leases within the first 12 months of the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had incurred million of termination costs. In September 2022, the Company entered into an amended agreement removing the remaining liability for costs related to the termination of certain leases. Pursuant to the terms of the amended agreement, the Company is liable for the monthly reimbursements of certain real estate operating lease costs on certain leases through the end of their lease term, the 
 151 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million as of December 31, 2022. The longest lease term extends through 2034. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, an additional million may be received by LatamCo from the exercise of SBLA's call options during the first and second year of operations. Further, SBLA maintains sell-out rights based on the performance of LatamCo, exercisable between September 1, 2025 and August 31, 2026, and the Company holds subsequent buy-out rights exercisable between September 1, 2027 and August 31, 2028. The stock associated with SBLA s sell-out rights was initially recorded based on the fair value at the time of issuance. While SBLA s ownership interest is not currently redeemable, based on management s consideration of LatamCo s expected future operating cash flows, it is not probable at December 31, 2022 that SBLA s interest will become redeemable. The Company will accrete changes in the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest (redemption value) from the date that it becomes probable that the interest will become redeemable to the earliest redemption date, through an adjustment to additional paid-in capital. 
 Provided that certain investors remain shareholders of LatamCo, LatamCo will be the exclusive operator of the Company s businesses in the Greater Latin American territory. 
 WeCap Manager 
 WeWork Capital Advisors LLC (the "WeCap Manager") is a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company and its controlled affiliates. The WeCap Manager is also owned by another investor and its affiliates (other than the WeCap Manager) (together with the Company, the Sponsor Group ), a global alternative asset management firm with assets under management across its private equity and real estate platforms. The portion of consolidated equity attributable to the outside investor's interest in the WeCap Manager is reflected as a noncontrolling interest in the equity section of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The WeCap Manager earns customary management fees, subject to provisions of the governing documents of the WeCap Manager relating to funding of losses incurred by the WeCap Manager. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the WeCap Manager recognized million, million and million, respectively, in management fee income, which is classified as other revenue as a component of the Company's total revenue on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 WeCap Holdings Partnership 
 WeCap Manager and the Sponsor Group (collectively, "WeCap Investment Group") also includes the Company's general partner interests in WPI Fund, ARK Master Fund, and included its investment in DSQ prior to its sale in September 2022 (each term as defined in Note 13), held through a limited partnership (the "WeCap Holdings Partnership"). The Company consolidates the WeCap Holdings Partnership. Net carried interest distributions earned in respect of the WeCap Investment Group from its investments are distributable to the Company, indirectly through the WeCap Holdings Partnership, based on percentages that vary by the WeCap Investment Group vehicle and range from a to share to the Company of total net carried interest distributions received by the WeCap Holdings Partnership (after a profit participation allocation to certain personnel associated with the WeCap Manager). The portion of consolidated equity attributable to outside investor's interest in the WeCap Holdings Partnership is reflected as a noncontrolling interest in the equity section of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Primarily because WeWork's investments through the WeCap Holdings Partnership in the underlying real estate acquisition vehicles generally represent a small percentage of the total capital invested by third parties, and the terms on which we have agreed to provide services and act as general partner are consistent with the market for similar arrangements, the underlying real estate acquisition vehicles managed by the WeCap Manager are generally not consolidated in the Company's financial statements (subject to certain exceptions based on the specific facts of the particular vehicle). The Company 
 152 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 by the Company, by the WPI Fund and by another investor, immediately prior to the redemption of the noncontrolling interest holders in March 2020 described below ("424 Fifth Venture"). Prior to redemption in March 2020, the Company was determined to be the primary beneficiary of 424 Fifth Venture as (i) the Company had the power to direct the activities of 424 Fifth Venture through the Company's role as development manager and master lease tenant of the ongoing development project (as described below) and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses and receive benefits through its equity ownership. Accordingly, the portion of consolidated equity attributable to the interest of the 424 Fifth Venture's other investors was reflected as noncontrolling interest within the equity section of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon completion of the redemption of the noncontrolling interest holders in March 2020, the 424 Fifth Venture became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company . 
 In March 2020, the real estate investment located in New York City ("424 Fifth Property") was sold by the 424 Fifth Venture to an unrelated third party for a gross purchase price of approximately million. Included in the sale was million in land and million in construction in progress associated with the investment. The million in net cash proceeds received at closing were net of closing costs and holdbacks. Of the total consideration, million was held back at closing, of which million and million was received as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognized an impairment loss on the assets sold totaling million, included in impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The underlying debt facility that secured the 424 Fifth Property since acquisition was extinguished upon the sale (see Note 17 for further details). In March 2020, in connection with the sale of the 424 Fifth Property, the Company also made a payment of million to the 424 Fifth Venture and the 424 Fifth Venture made redemption payments to the noncontrolling interest holders totaling million including a return of capital of million and a return on their capital of million. 
 The sale and debt extinguishment also resulted in the termination in March 2020 of the Company s original development management agreements over the property, its year master lease of the property, its billion lease guaranty, various loan guarantees, various loan covenant requirements and various partnership guarantees and indemnities entered into in connection with the original acquisition. 
 Upon the sale of the property, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into an escrow and construction agreement with the buyer, for approximately billion to finalize the core and shell infrastructure work of the property (see Note 19 for further details). 
 Creator Fund 
 During 2018, the Company launched a fund (the Creator Fund that previously made investments in recipients of WeWork's Creator Awards and other investments through use of a venture capital strategy. A wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company was the managing member of the Creator Fund. As of September 17, 2020, the Creator Fund had received contributions from SoftBank Group Capital Limited totaling million, representing of the interest of the Creator Fund. contributions were received during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Prior to the transfer of rights 
 153 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million Creator Awards production services reimbursement obligation payable to an affiliate of SBG as of December 31, 2019, as described in Note 27. As SBG is a principal shareholder of the Company, the forgiveness of this obligation was accounted for as a capital contribution and reclassified from Liabilities to Additional paid-in-capital during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 ChinaCo 
 During 2017 and 2018, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company ChinaCo sold to investors million of Series A Preferred Stock at a price of per share and a liquidation preference of per share and million of Series B Preferred Stock at a price of per share and a liquidation preference of per share. Prior to the ChinaCo Agreement (defined below), the Series A Preferred Stock were redeemable under certain circumstances set forth in the shareholders' agreement at the option of the holder. Due to these redemption features the portion of consolidated equity attributable to ChinaCo's Series A and B Preferred shareholders were reflected as redeemable noncontrolling interests , within the mezzanine section of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019. As of December 31, 2019, ChinaCo had also issued a total of Class A Ordinary Shares in connection with an acquisition of naked Hub Holdings Ltd. naked Hub that occurred during 2018 and an additional Class A Ordinary Shares to a consultant as described in Note 24. The portion of consolidated equity attributable to ChinaCo's Class A Ordinary shareholders were reflected as noncontrolling interest, within the equity section of the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock, Noncontrolling Interest and Equity for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the shareholders' agreement of ChinaCo, as long as certain investors remain shareholders of ChinaCo, ChinaCo will be the exclusive operator of the Company s businesses in the Greater China territory, defined in the agreement to include China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau. 
 In August 2020, a wholly owned subsidiary of WeWork Inc. made a short-term loan to ChinaCo totaling million (the "ChinaCo Loan"). In connection with ChinaCo's 2018 acquisition of naked Hub, as of December 31, 2019, ChinaCo also had a million obligation to reimburse a wholly owned subsidiary of WeWork Inc. for WeWork Inc. shares issued to the sellers of naked Hub (the "Parent Note"). As ChinaCo was consolidated as of December 31, 2019, the Parent Note was eliminated against the Company's receivables in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In September 2020, the shareholders of ChinaCo and an affiliate of TrustBridge Partners ("TBP"), also an existing shareholder of ChinaCo, executed a restructuring and Series A subscription agreement (the "ChinaCo Agreement"). Pursuant to the ChinaCo Agreement, TBP agreed to subscribe for a new series of ChinaCo shares for million in total gross proceeds to ChinaCo, received in connection with the initial investment closing on October 2, 2020 (the Initial Investment Closing and an additional million in gross proceeds to ChinaCo, with such additional shares issued and proceeds to be received at the earlier 
 154 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 year following the Initial Investment Closing or such earlier date as determined by the ChinaCo board, to the extent such funds are necessary to support the operations of ChinaCo (the Second Investment Closing ). The ChinaCo Agreement also included the restructuring of the ownership interests of all other preferred and ordinary shareholders interests into new ordinary shares of ChinaCo and the conversion of the million Parent Note and certain other net intercompany payables totaling approximately million, payable by ChinaCo to various wholly owned subsidiaries of WeWork Inc. into new ordinary shares of ChinaCo such that subsequent to the Initial Investment Closing in October 2020, and as of December 31, 2020, WeWork held of the total shares issued by ChinaCo. On September 29, 2021, TBP provided million to ChinaCo, effectuating the Second Investment Closing. The Company's remaining interest was diluted down to in connection with the Second Investment Closing. Prior to the Second Investment Closing TBP held a total of of the total shares issued by ChinaCo subsequent to the Initial Investment Closing. As of December 31, 2022 , and following the Second Investment Closing, TBP holds of the total shares. TBP's shares are preferred shares which have a liquidation preference totaling million and million as of the Initial Investment Closing and the Second Investment Closing, respectively. 
 Upon the Initial Investment Closing on October 2, 2020, ChinaCo received the million in gross proceeds from TBP and a portion of those proceeds were used to repay WeWork million for the ChinaCo Loan. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the ChinaCo Agreement, the rights of the ChinaCo shareholders were also amended such that upon the Initial Investment Closing, WeWork no longer retained the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance. As a result, WeWork was no longer the primary beneficiary of ChinaCo and ChinaCo was deconsolidated from the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements on October 2, 2020 (the "ChinaCo Deconsolidation"). The Company's remaining ordinary share investment was valued at million upon deconsolidation and will be accounted for as an equity method investment as the Company has retained rights that allow it to exercise significant influence over ChinaCo as a related party. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company recorded a loss on the ChinaCo Deconsolidation of million included in Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Operations calculated based on the difference between (i) the million fair value of the Company's retained equity method investment in ChinaCo plus the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest in ChinaCo as of the date of the ChinaCo Deconsolidation, which was in a negative deficit position of ) million and (ii) the carrying value of ChinaCo's net assets just prior to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation of million. 
 The remeasurement loss recognized on deconsolidation primarily relates to the remeasurement of our retained equity method investment in ChinaCo, recorded at fair value upon deconsolidation, in comparison to the carrying value of the net intercompany receivables that were converted into equity in ChinaCo in conjunction with the ChinaCo restructuring that ultimately resulted in the ChinaCo Deconsolidation. 
 The net assets of ChinaCo that were deconsolidated on October 2, 2020, included a total of million of goodwill related to ChinaCo's 2018 acquisition of naked Hub. As this goodwill was integrated into the Company's single reporting unit, upon deconsolidation of a portion of the reporting unit, the Company's total goodwill was reallocated among the Company and ChinaCo on a relative fair value basis with million of ChinaCo's goodwill retained by the Company with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital and million of ChinaCo's goodwill was deconsolidated. 
 See Note 27 for details regarding various related party fees payable by ChinaCo to the Company subsequent to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation. 
 
 155 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Location operating expenses Pre-opening location expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring and other related (gains) costs ) Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Total interest and other income (expense), net Net loss ) Net (loss) income attributable to WeWork Inc. 
 ) 
 PacificCo 
 During 2017, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company PacificCo sold million of Series A-1 Preferred Stock at a price of per share and a liquidation preference of per share to an affiliate of SBG. PacificCo was the operator of the Company s businesses in selected markets in Asia other than those included in the Greater China and Japan territories described above, including but not limited to Singapore, Korea, the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia. 
 The initial closing occurred on October 30, 2017 and all of the PacificCo Series A-1 Preferred Stock was issued at that time, however the Company received contributions totaling million at the initial closing and an additional million during the year ended December 31, 2018. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement an additional million was required to be contributed in each of 2019 and 2020. The Company received million in August 2019 and the remaining million scheduled to be received in 2020 was canceled effective upon our entry into a definitive agreement providing for the completion of the PacificCo Roll-up (as defined below) in connection with the SoftBank Transactions in March 2020. 
 In October 2019, in connection with the SoftBank Transactions, the Company, SBG and SoftBank Vision Fund agreed to use reasonable best efforts to negotiate and finalize the final forms for the exchange of all interests held by affiliates of SBG in PacificCo for shares of the Company's Series H-1 or H-2 Convertible Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share (the "PacificCo Roll-up"). On March 31, 2020, the Company signed the definitive agreements for the PacificCo Roll-up and in April 2020, the Company closed the PacificCo Roll-up and issued shares of the Company's Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. Upon completion of the PacificCo Roll-up in April 2020, PacificCo became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and is no longer a VIE. 
 The shares of Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock issued in connection with the PacificCo Roll-up had a fair value of per share upon issuance to affiliates of SBG in April 2020. As the share exchange represents an increase in the Company's ownership of PacificCo while control of PacificCo was retained, the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was adjusted to reflect the change in the Company's ownership interest in PacificCo and the Company accounted for the share exchange as an equity transaction with no gain or loss recognized on the acquisition of the noncontrolling interests. 
 Just prior to the PacificCo Roll-up, the PacificCo noncontrolling interest had a carrying value on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets of million, including million in accumulated other comprehensive income previously allocated to the noncontrolling interest holders. Upon consummation of the PacificCo Roll-up, the noncontrolling interest was reduced by the entire million carrying value and the million of accumulated other comprehensive income was allocated to the Company to adjust for the change in ownership of PacificCo through a corresponding charge to additional paid-in capital. The difference between the million fair value of the Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock issued as 
 156 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million carrying value of the noncontrolling interest was reflected as a charge to additional paid-in capital totaling million. 
 
 reporting unit, which has negative equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Goodwill acquired Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 ) Other finite-lived intangible assets - customer relationships and other ) Total intangible assets, net 
 ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 (Amounts in millions) 
 Weighted-Average Remaining Useful Lives (in years) Gross Carrying Amount Intangibles Sold Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Capitalized software ) Other finite-lived intangible assets - customer relationships and other ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets - trademarks 
 ) Total intangible assets, net 
 ) ) 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 157 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total 
 
 WPI Fund (2) 
 Equity method investment Investments held by WeCap Holdings Partnership (3) 
 Equity method investments Various ChinaCo (4) 
 Equity method investment Other (5) 
 Various Various Total equity method and other investments 
 (1) In June 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with WeWork India Management Private Limited IndiaCo ), an affiliate of Embassy Property Developments Private Limited Embassy ), to subscribe for new convertible debentures to be issued by IndiaCo in an aggregate principal amount of million (the "2020 Debentures"). During June 2020, million of the principal had been funded, with the remaining million funded in April 2021. The 2020 Debentures earned interest at a coupon rate of per annum for the period beginning in June 2020 which then was reduced to per annum and have a maximum term of years. The 2020 Debentures are convertible into equity at the Company s option after months from June 2020 or upon mutual agreement between the Company, IndiaCo, and Embassy. The Company's investment balance as of December 31, 2021, also includes an aggregate principal amount of approximately million in other convertible debentures issued by IndiaCo that earn interest at a coupon rate of per annum and have a maximum term of . During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded a credit loss valuation allowance on its investments in IndiaCo totaling million, million, and million, respectively, included in Income (loss) from equity method and other investments. Prior to the funding in April 2021, the million unfunded commitment associated with the 2020 Debentures (the "IndiaCo Forward Liability") was included in other current liabilities, relating to the fair value of the credit loss on the forward contract associated with the obligation with such credit loss included in income (loss) from equity method and other investments during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , the Company recorded million, ) million, and million , respectively, in unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities included in other comprehensive income, net of tax. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted the 2020 Debentures and other convertible debentures into and common shares of IndiaCo, respectively, representing an ownership interest in IndiaCo of approximately . 
 In December 2022, the Company pledged of its shares of IndiaCo, representing of the securities issued by IndiaCo on a fully diluted basis, as collateral for IndiaCo to enter into a debenture trust deed. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the pledge was determined to be million and recognized as an increase to the carrying value of the investment. See Note 18 for details regarding the IndiaCo share pledge. 
 IndiaCo constructs and operates workspace locations in India using WeWork s branding, advice and sales model. Per the terms of an agreement the Company also receives a management fee from IndiaCo. The Company recorded million, million, and million of management fee income from IndiaCo during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. Management fee income is included within service revenue as a component of total revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) In addition to the general partner interest in the WPI Fund (as discussed and defined below) held by WeCap Holdings Partnership, a wholly owned subsidiary of the WeCap Investment Group also owns an limited partner interest in the WPI Fund. 
 158 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 equity interest. DSQ owns a commercial real estate portfolio located in London, United Kingdom. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of million, included as a component of income (loss) from equity method investments in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The investment balance also included a note receivable with an outstanding balance of million as of December 31, 2021 that accrued interest at a rate of and matures in April 2028. In September 2022, the WeCap Holdings Partnership sold its investment in DSQ, the note receivable and accrued interest of million for proceeds of million resulting in a gain on sale of million, included as a component of income (loss) from equity method investments in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 "WPI Fund" a real estate investment fund in which WeCap Holdings Partnership holds the general partner interest. The WPI Fund s focus is acquiring, developing and managing office assets with current or expected vacancy suitable for WeWork occupancy, currently primarily focusing on opportunities in North America and Europe. 
 "ARK Master Fund" an investment fund in which WeCap Holdings Partnership is the general partner and holds a limited partner interest totaling of the fund's invested capital. ARK Master Fund invests in real estate and real estate-related investments that it expects could benefit from the Company s occupancy or involvement or the involvement of the limited partners of the ARK Master Fund. 
 (4) In October 2020, the Company deconsolidated ChinaCo and its retained ordinary share equity method investment was recorded at a fair value of million plus capitalized legal cost for a total initial cost basis and carrying value as of December 31, 2020 of million. Pursuant to ASC 323-10-35-20, the Company discontinued applying the equity method on the ChinaCo investment when the carrying amount was reduced to in the first quarter of 2021. The Company will resume application of the equity method if, during the period the equity method was suspended, the Company's share of unrecognized net income exceeds the Company's share of unrecognized net losses. The Company's remaining interest was diluted down to in connection with the Second Investment Closing on September 29, 2021. See Note 27 for details regarding various related party fees payable by ChinaCo to the Company. 
 (5) The Company holds various other investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In February 2022, the Company purchased shares of Upflex Inc. ("Upflex") Series A Preferred Stock for a total purchase price of million, representing approximately ownership on a fully diluted basis. Upflex is a coworking aggregator and global flexible workplace startup. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the WPI Fund, ARK Master Fund, IndiaCo, ChinaCo and certain other entities in which the Company has or WeCap Holdings Partnership have invested are unconsolidated VIEs. In all cases, neither the Company nor the WeCap Holdings Partnership is the primary beneficiary, as neither the Company nor the WeCap Holdings Partnership have both the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance and exposure to benefits or losses that could potentially be significant to the VIE. None of the debt held by these investments is recourse to either the Company or the WeCap Holdings Partnership, except the million in lease guarantees provided to landlords of ChinaCo by the Company, and the IndiaCo share pledge, both as described in Note 27. The Company's maximum loss is limited to the amount of its net investment in these VIEs, the million in ChinaCo lease guarantees, the fair value of the IndiaCo shares pledged determined to be lesser of (a) the IndiaCo debentures obtained and (b) the fair value of proceeds on the sale of shares pledged of IndiaCo, and the unfunded commitments discussed below.) ) ) 
 allowance or unrealized gains or losses had been recorded as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had recorded a credit loss valuation allowance on its available-for-sale debt securities totaling million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had recorded unrealized gain (loss) on its available-for-sale debt securities totaling million, included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 159 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Distributions received from investments 
 million in unfunded capital commitments to its investments; however, if requested, in each case, the Company may elect to contribute additional amounts in the future. 
 
 Deferred financing costs, net 2020 LC Facility Warrant and LC Warrant issued to SBG (1),(2) 
 Deferred financing costs, net Other SoftBank Debt Financing Costs paid or payable to SBG (1),(2) 
 Deferred financing costs, net Other SoftBank Debt Financing Costs paid or payable to third parties (1),(2) 
 Total deferred financing costs, net (1),(2) 
 Other assets: Security deposits with landlords Long-term receivable for value added tax Straight-line revenue receivable Restricted cash Other long-term prepaid expenses and other assets Total other assets 
 (1) Amounts are net of accumulated amortization totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 17 for amortization incurred during the period. 
 (2) During the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of million unamortized deferred financing costs were expensed in connection with the amendments to the Credit Agreement (both as discussed in Note 26). 
 
 Refunds payable to former members Current portion of long-term debt (See Note 17) 
 Other current liabilities Total other current liabilities 
 160 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 (Gain) loss from change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 ) ) Less: Reclassification to equity 
 ) Total Private Warrant Liability, at fair value SoftBank Debt Financing Warrant Liability (Note 14): 
 SoftBank Senior Unsecured Notes Warrant liability capitalized as deferred financing cost at issuance Plus: Cumulative (gain)/loss from change in fair value of related party financial instruments ) Less: Senior Unsecured Notes Warrant liability deferred financing cost adjustment ) Less: Exercise of warrants into Series H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock ) Less: Reclassification to Equity ) Total SoftBank Senior Unsecured Notes Warrant Liability, at fair value 2020 LC Facility Warrant liability capitalized as deferred financing cost at issuance Plus: Cumulative (gain)/loss from change in fair value of related party financial instruments ) Less: 2020 LC Facility Warrant liability deferred financing cost adjustment Less: Exercise of warrants into Series H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock ) Less: Reclassification to Equity ) Total LC Facility Warrant Liability, at fair Value Total SoftBank Debt Financing Warrant Liability, at fair value Total warrant liabilities, net 
 Private Warrants - Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy BowX issued Sponsor Warrants (also referred to as "Private Warrants") and public warrants Public Warrants ). Upon closing of the Business Combination, the Company assumed the Sponsor Warrants and Public Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustments. 
 The Private Warrants are recognized as derivative warrant liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The fair value measurements of the Private Warrants were considered to be Level 2 fair value measurements in the fair value hierarchy as the Company utilizes the closing price of the Public Warrants as a proxy for the fair value of the Private Warrants. The Private Warrants were valued at million as of December 31, 2022. 
 See Note 23 for further details on the Public Warrants and the Private Warrants. 
 2019 Warrant In January 2019, the Company entered into a warrant with an affiliate of SBG, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue shares of the Company's capital stock (the 2019 Warrant ). Under the terms of the original 2019 Warrant, in exchange for the issuance of the Company s capital stock, an affiliate of SBG was to make a payment of billion on April 3, 2020. The right of such affiliate of SBG to receive shares of the Company s capital stock was to be automatically exercised on April 3, 2020 at a per-share price of . During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recognized an additional capital contribution of million and an equal off-setting amount within additional paid-in capital representing the fair value of the 2019 Warrant prior to being drawn. The measurement of the 
 161 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 billion from April 3, 2020 to October 30, 2019, and the exercise price was amended from per share to per share for a new security in the form of Series H-1 or H-2 Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company received the billion on October 30, 2019, and issued shares of Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock on November 4, 2019. Upon issuance, the shares of Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock were recorded at million less issuance costs of million. Upon the draw, the Company reclassified million of the equity asset that was established upon entering into the arrangement in January 2019 from its Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining shares of Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock were issued in April 2020. Upon issuance, the shares of Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock were recorded at million, equal to the fair value of the 2019 Warrant on the date of issuance of the shares. 
 ) 2020 LC Facility Warrant ) Private Warrants 2019 Warrant Total ) 
 
 Senior Notes: 
 Outstanding principal balance 2025 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total Senior Notes, net 
 Junior LC Tranche (Note 26): 
 Outstanding principal balance (1) 
 2025 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) Total Junior LC Tranche, net Other Loans: Outstanding principal balance 2023 - 2026 - 
 Less: current portion of Other Loans (See Note 15) 
 ) ) Total non-current portion Other Loans, net 
 Total long-term debt, net 
 , plus . In February 2023, the Credit Agreement was amended to, among other things, increase the Junior LC Tranche to million and extend the termination to March 2025 and increase the interest on the reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche to the Term SOFR Rate plus , See Note 26 for details on amendment to the Credit Agreement. 
 Senior Notes In April 2018, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due 2025 (the Senior Notes at a interest rate in a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Company's gross 
 162 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million from the issuance of the Senior Notes were recorded net of debt issuance costs of million. During 2019, the Company repurchased million in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes. The debt issuance costs are deferred and will be amortized into interest expense over the term of the Senior Notes using the effective interest method. Interest on the Senior Notes accrues and is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year. The Company may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity, subject to certain make-whole premiums. The Senior Notes mature on May 1, 2025 at of par. 
 No Senior Notes were repurchased during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million in aggregate principal amount remains outstanding. 
 Upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events, the Company may be required to repurchase the Senior Notes at a price equal to of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest through the date of repurchase. The Senior Notes contain certain restrictive covenants that limit the Company's ability to create certain liens, to enter into certain affiliated transactions and to consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets, subject to important qualifications and exceptions. 
 The Senior Notes (i) rank equally in right of payment with the Senior Notes, any payment obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Secured Notes and any existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company, (ii) are senior in right of payment to any existing and future subordinated obligations of the Company, and (iii) are effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness of the Company (including obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Secured Notes discussed in Note 26) to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness, and are structurally subordinated to all liabilities of any subsidiary that does not guarantee the Senior Notes. 
 The Senior Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior basis by each of our subsidiaries that guarantees obligations under the Credit Agreement or certain other indebtedness of the Company as a guarantor, including the Senior Notes and the Secured Notes. As of December 31, 2022, each restricted subsidiary that guaranteed obligations under the Credit Agreement, the Senior Notes and the Secured Notes discussed in Note 26 also guaranteed the Senior Notes. 
 Subsequent to the July 2019 legal entity reorganization, WeWork Companies LLC and WW Co-Obligor Inc. (together, the "Issuers") are co-obligors of the Senior Notes, which notes are also fully and unconditionally guaranteed by WeWork Inc. WeWork Inc. and the other subsidiaries that sit above WeWork Companies LLC in our legal structure are holding companies that conduct substantially all of their business operations through WeWork Companies LLC. As of December 31, 2022, based on the covenants and other restrictions of the Senior Notes, WeWork Companies LLC is restricted in its ability to transfer funds by loans, advances or dividends to WeWork Inc. and as a result all of the net assets of WeWork Companies LLC are considered restricted net assets of WeWork Inc. See the Supplementary Information Consolidating Balance Sheet, for additional details regarding the net assets of WeWork Companies LLC. 
 The indenture that governs the Senior Notes (the "Unsecured Indenture") restricts us from incurring indebtedness or liens or making certain investments or distributions, subject to a number of exceptions. Certain of these exceptions included in the Unsecured Indenture are subject to us having Minimum Growth-Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Unsecured Indenture) for the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters. For incurrences in fiscal years ending December 31, 2022-2025, the Minimum Growth-Adjusted EBITDA required for the immediately preceding four consecutive fiscal quarters is billion. For the four quarters ended December 31, 2022, the Company's Minimum Growth-Adjusted EBITDA, as calculated in accordance with the Unsecured Indenture, was less than the billion requirement effective as of January 1, 2022. As a result, the Company was restricted in its ability to incur certain new indebtedness in certain circumstances, unless such Minimum Growth-Adjusted EBITDA 
 163 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million and million, respectively, and interest rates ranging from and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid million and million, respectively, of principal and recorded loss on extinguishment of debt in connection with the prepayment of principal of Other Loans. During the year ended December 31, 2020 the Company repaid million of principal and recorded a million loss on extinguishment of debt in connection with the prepayment of principal of Other Loans during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 424 Fifth Venture Loans On February 8, 2019, the 424 Fifth Venture entered into three loans (collectively, the "424 Fifth Venture Loans") relating to the 424 Fifth Property and development project with availability totaling million. In March 2020, the 424 Fifth Property was sold and a portion of the sale proceeds were utilized to repay the principal and interest outstanding on the 424 Fifth Venture Loans in full. The Company accounted for this repayment as a debt extinguishment in accordance with ASC 470, Debt and recorded a loss of million included within loss on extinguishment of debt on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. The loss on extinguishment represents the difference between the million in cash paid, including a prepayment penalty and various other closing costs totaling million and the net carrying amount of the debt and unamortized debt issuance costs immediately prior to the extinguishment of million. This extinguishment was not considered to be a troubled debt restructuring. 
 During 2020, for the period prior to extinguishment, the weighted average interest rate on the 424 Fifth Venture Loans was and million of interest expense was originally included within the Company's construction in progress balance as a component of property and equipment, immediately prior to the sale, as the 424 Fifth Property was under development and not ready for its intended use before it was sold. 
 The 424 Fifth Venture Loans were secured only by the assets and equity of the 424 Fifth Venture, and were recourse to the Company in certain limited circumstances, and the Company had provided certain customary performance guarantees standard for real estate and construction financing. 
 SoftBank Debt Financing In October 2019, in connection with the SoftBank Transactions, the Company entered into an agreement with SBG for additional financing (the "SoftBank Debt Financing"). The agreement included a commitment from SBG for the provision of (i) billion in senior secured debt in the form of senior secured notes or a first lien term loan facility (the "SoftBank Senior Secured Notes"), (ii) billion of Senior Notes with associated warrants issued to SBG to purchase shares of the Company s Series H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series H-4 Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of per share and (iii) credit support for a billion letter of credit facility (the "2020 LC Facility") with associated warrants issued to SoftBank Obligor to purchase shares of the Company s Series H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series H-4 Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of per share. 
 In December 2021, in connection with the LC Facility Extension, the Company issued to SBG a warrant (the "LC Warrant") to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price per share equal to . In March 2022, the LC Warrant was transferred to SVF II WW (DE) LLC. See Note 23 for additional details regarding the LC Warrant. 
 Secured Notes 
 The funding of the billion of SoftBank Senior Secured Notes originally contemplated per the Master Transaction Agreement was contingent on the completion of the 2020 Tender Offer (as defined in Note 24), and the 2020 Tender Offer was not completed, therefore the SoftBank Senior Secured Notes was also considered terminated in April 2020. See Note 24 for additional details regarding the 2020 Tender 
 164 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million of financing costs previously deferred in connection with the SoftBank Senior Secured Notes included within selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In August 2020, the Issuers entered into a Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement (the "Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement") for up to an aggregate principal amount of billion of senior secured debt in the form of senior secured notes. 
 In March 2021, the Issuer and StarBright WW LP, an affiliate of SoftBank ("the Notes Purchaser") agreed to amend and restate the terms of the Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement that governs the SoftBank Senior Secured Notes allowing the Company to borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of million of senior secured debt in the form of senior secured notes. 
 In October 2021, the Issuers and the Notes Purchaser entered into the Amended and Restated Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement (as amended, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Secured NPA") for up to an aggregate principal amount of million of senior secured debt in the form of senior secured notes (the "Secured Notes"). Entry into the Secured NPA superseded and terminated the Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement and the letter agreement pursuant to which the Company would enter into the Secured NPA. In December 2021, the Issuers and the Notes Purchaser entered into an amendment to the Secured NPA pursuant to which the Notes Purchaser agreed to extend its commitment to purchase up to an aggregate principal amount of million of Secured Notes that may be issued by the Issuers under the Secured NPA from February 12, 2023 to February 12, 2024. 
 In November 2022, the Issuers, the Notes Purchaser and SVF II, entered into a second amendment to the Secured NPA pursuant to which, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) the Commitment, Draw Period (each as defined in the Secured NPA), and maturity date of the Secured Notes were extended from February 12, 2024 to March 15, 2025 (such period from February 12, 2024 to March 15, 2025, the Second Extension Period ), (ii) the maximum aggregate principal amount of Secured Notes subject to the Commitment or that may be issued and outstanding at any time was reduced to million , subject to potential additional reductions to approximately million during the Second Extension Period to take into account interest that may accrue and be payable in-kind during such period, (iii) the interest per annum payable on the Secured Notes outstanding during all or a portion of the Second Extension Period will increase from to during such period and such interest shall be payable in-kind during such period by increasing the principal amount of the Secured Notes then outstanding, (iv) the Notes Purchaser assigned its rights and obligations under the Secured NPA to SVF II and (v) the Company agreed to pay SVF II a commitment fee of million, to be paid in quarterly installments beginning on January 10, 2024. The Company has the ability to draw the Secured Notes under the Secured NPA until March 15, 2025. Following the entry into the Transaction Support Agreement (as defined herein) in March 2023, the Company may draw upon the remaining million in aggregate principal of Secured Notes, each draw subject to the terms of the Secured NPA, subject to the following schedule: (i) a draw request of million which may be made no earlier than April 1, 2023; (ii) a subsequent draw request of no more than million which may be made no earlier than May 1, 2023; (iii) another subsequent draw request of no more than million which may be made no earlier than June 1, 2023; and if applicable, (iv) a draw request of million thereafter. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no draw notices had been delivered pursuant to the Secured NPA and Secured Notes were outstanding. In January 2023, the Issuers issued and sold million of Secured Notes to SVF II under the Secured NPA. 
 Senior Notes 
 To formalize SBG's October 2019 commitment to provide WeWork Companies LLC with up to billion of unsecured debt, on December 27, 2019, the Issuers and the Notes Purchaser, entered into a Master Senior Unsecured Notes Note Purchase Agreement (as amended, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, the Unsecured NPA ), pursuant to which the Notes Purchaser agreed to purchase from the 
 165 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 billion of Senior Notes due 2025 (the " Senior Notes"). Starting on July 10, 2020, the Issuers issued and sold billion of Senior Notes in multiple closings to the Notes Purchaser. 
 The Senior Notes will mature on July 10, 2025 and bear interest at per annum, payable semi-annually in cash. However, because the associated warrants obligated the Company to issue shares in the future, the implied interest rate upon closing was approximately . 
 Pursuant to the Unsecured NPA, the Notes Purchaser may notify the Issuer that it intends to engage an investment bank or investment banks to offer and sell all or a portion of the Senior Notes outstanding to third-party investors in a private placement. 
 On December 16, 2021, following the Notes Purchaser's exercise of its resale rights under the Unsecured NPA, the Issuers amended and restated the Original Unsecured Indenture (as so amended, the A R Unsecured Indenture") to subdivide the Senior Notes into two series, one of which consisted of million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2025, Series II (the " Senior Notes, Series II"), and the other consisted of the remaining billion in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2025, Series I (the " Senior Notes, Series I"), and the Notes Purchaser (through certain initial purchasers) resold the Senior Notes, Series II, to qualified investors in a private offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act. The Senior Notes, Series I, remain held by the Notes Purchaser. The A R Unsecured Indenture contains negative covenants that are substantially similar to those included in the Unsecured Indenture, as further described above. 
 As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate principal amount of billion of Senior Notes were issued and none remained available for draw. The aggregate principal amount of billion is reflected as Senior Notes on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 SoftBank Debt Financing Costs due to SBG 
 In connection with the Senior Notes, the warrants issued to SoftBank Obligor in December 2019 to purchase shares of the Company s Series H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series H-4 Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of per share (the "SoftBank Senior Unsecured Notes Warrant"), were valued at million at issuance and capitalized as a deferred financing cost and included, net of accumulated amortization, as a component of other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. This asset will be amortized into interest expense over the life of the Senior Notes. 
 In connection with the agreement by SoftBank Obligor to provide credit support for the 2020 LC Facility, the warrants issued to SoftBank Obligor in December 2019 to purchase shares of the Company s Series H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock or Series H-4 Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of per share (the "2020 LC Facility Warrant"), were valued at million at issuance and capitalized as a deferred financing cost and included, net of accumulated amortization, as a component of other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. This asset was initially amortized into interest expense from February 10, 2020 through February 10, 2023, and was extended through February 9, 2024 in connection LC Facility Extension (as defined in Note 26). 
 The warrants issued to SoftBank Obligor in December 2021 to purchase shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price equal to per share, were issued in connection with the LC Facility Extension (the "LC Warrant"), were valued at million at issuance and capitalized as a deferred financing cost and included, net of accumulated amortization, as a component of other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. This asset will be amortized into interest expense from December 6, 2021 through February 9, 2024, the remaining life of the extended 2020 LC Facility. 
 166 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 number of warrants that were also outstanding as of December 31, 2020. The Penny Warrants became exercisable on April 1, 2020 and expire on December 27, 2024. In August 2021, the Penny Warrants were transferred to a wholly-owned subsidiary of SBG. Upon contract signing, the Company recorded an ASC 480 liability representing the fair value of the Penny Warrants. The measurement of the Penny Warrants is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement, as it was determined using observable and unobservable inputs. As of December 31, 2020, the SoftBank Debt Financing Warrant Liability totaled million and was included as a component of the warrant liabilities, net on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon the Business Combination, the SoftBank Debt Financing Warrant Liability was exchanged into WeWork Class A Common stock warrants, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. The WeWork Class A Common Stock warrants exchanged for the SoftBank Debt Financing Warrant Liability are equity-classified warrants and recognized in additional paid-in capital accompanying in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 23 for details of equity-classified warrants. 
 In May 2022, WeWork Companies LLC entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement (as discussed in Note 26) pursuant to which, among other things, the existing 2020 LC Facility was amended and subdivided into the billion Senior LC Tranche, which was then scheduled to automatically decrease to billion in February 2023 and terminate in February 2024, and a million Junior LC Tranche which was then scheduled to terminate in November 2023 (both as defined in Note 26). In December 2022, the Company entered into a further amendment to the Credit Agreement (as discussed in Note 26) pursuant to which, among other things, (i) the termination date of the existing Senior LC Tranche was extended to March 14, 2025, and (ii) the Senior LC Tranche was reduced to billion, with a further decrease to million on February 10, 2023. The amendments to the Credit Agreement were accounted for under ASC 470-50, Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments , whereby the unamortized deferred financing costs associated with all creditors under the Senior LC Tranche will be expensed in proportion to each creditor s reduction in borrowing capacity. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed million of such unamortized deferred financing costs included as a component of interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The remaining unamortized costs will be amortized over the term of the amended facility. In connection with the amendments to the Credit Agreement, million of related costs were capitalized as a deferred financing cost and included, net of accumulated amortization, as a component of other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. In February 2023, the Company entered into a further amendment to the Credit Agreement (as discussed in Note 26) pursuant to which, among other things, the Junior LC Tranche was increased to million and extended to terminate in March 2025, and the Senior LC Tranche was increased from million to million. 
 The Company also agreed to reimburse SBG for all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the SoftBank Transactions in an aggregate amount up to million of which million were paid as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, SBG waived its right to be reimbursed for million of the remaining obligation. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made no additional payments on these obligations to SBG. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, were included as a component of accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 2019, the Company allocated million of the total costs as deferred financing costs included, net of accumulated amortization within other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets which will be amortized into interest expense over the life of the debt facility to which it was allocated. During the year ended December 31, 2020, million of these costs were written off and were allocated to the terminated SoftBank Senior Secured Notes noted above. The Company allocated million as equity issuance costs associated with the 2019 Warrant (as defined in Note 16), recorded as a reduction of the Series H-1 Preferred Share balance on the 
 167 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million was expensed as a transaction cost during the fourth quarter of 2019 as it related to various other components of the SoftBank Transactions which did not qualify for capitalization. 
 SoftBank Debt Financing Costs due to Third Parties 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had capitalized a total of million and million, respectively, in net debt issuance costs paid or payable to third parties associated with the SoftBank Debt Financing and related amendments which will be amortized over a three - to period. Such costs were capitalized as deferred financing costs and included as a component of other assets, net of accumulated amortization, on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Principal Maturities 
 Senior Notes 
 Total Long-Term Debt and SoftBank Debt Financing 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total minimum payments 
 Interest Expense 
 Senior Notes 
 2020 LC Facility and LC Debt Facility (Note 26) 
 Senior Notes 
 Other Total interest expense on long-term debt Deferred financing costs amortization (Note 14): 
 SoftBank unsecured deferred financing costs SoftBank LC deferred financing costs (1) 
 Other debt financing costs Total deferred financing costs amortization Total interest expense 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2022 included million of deferred financing costs expensed in connection with the amendments to the Credit Agreement (as discussed in Note 26). 
 168 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: 
 Warrant liabilities, net Other liabilities - contingent consideration relating to acquisitions payable in cash Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 December 31, 2021 (Amounts in millions) 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 Assets: Cash equivalents money market funds and time deposits 
 Other investments available-for-sale convertible notes 
 Total assets measured at fair value 
 Liabilities: 
 Warrant Liabilities, net Total liabilities measured at fair value 

Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 
 2022 2021 Assets: 
 Balance at beginning of period 
 Purchases 
 Credit loss valuation allowance included in income (loss) from equity method and other investments ) ) Reclassification of forward contract liability to credit valuation allowance upon funding of commitment ) Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities included in other comprehensive income ) Accrued interest income 
 Accrued interest collected ) ) Foreign currency translation (losses) gain included in other comprehensive income ) Conversion of available-for-sale securities to equity method investment (Note 13) 
 ) Balance at end of period 
 
 169 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 ) ) Other current liabilities - contingent consideration relating to acquisitions payable in cash ) Other liabilities - contingent consideration relating to acquisitions payable in cash Total ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Amounts in millions) 
 Balance at Beginning of Period Additions Settlements Change in Fair Value Reclassification to Equity Balance at End of Period Liabilities: 
 IndiaCo Forward Contract Liability ) SoftBank Senior Unsecured Notes Warrant (1) 
 ) ) 2020 LC Facility Warrant (2) 
 ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of the Company s Series H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock were issued in connection with the SoftBank Unsecured Notes Warrant and in exchange the Company received million. 
 (2) During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of the Company s Series H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock were issued in connection with the 2020 LC Facility Warrant and in exchange the Company received million.) Income (loss) from equity method and other investments: Level 3 liabilities ) Gain (loss) from change in fair value of warrant liabilities: Level 2 liabilities Level 3 liabilities: SoftBank Senior Unsecured Notes Warrant ) 2020 LC Facility Warrant ) Total Level 3 liabilities ) Total gain (loss) from change in fair value of warrant liabilities: ) 
 
 170 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Probability weighted cash flow Probability adjustment Other liabilities - contingent consideration relating to acquisitions Probability weighted cash flow Probability adjustment Other liabilities - IndiaCo share pledge Discounted cash flow Risk-adjusted discount rate 
 December 31, 2021 
 Fair Value (in millions) Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Range (Weighted Average) Level 3 Assets: Other investments available-for-sale convertible notes 
 Discounted cash flow Price per share 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty in the valuation process, the estimate of fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities may differ from values that would have been used had a ready market for the securities existed. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value in the Consolidated Financial Statements on a nonrecurring basis consist of certain investments, goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets on which impairment adjustments were required to be recorded during the period and assets and related liabilities held for sale which, if applicable, are measured at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. 
 As of December 31, 2022, assets held for sale totaling million and liabilities held for sale totaling million are included in other current assets and other current liabilities, respectively, on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, there were assets or related liabilities held for sale included on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no impairment charges were recorded related to assets and liabilities classified as held for sale, determined to be Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy based primarily on respective contracts of sale. 
 The Company recorded impairment charges and other write-offs of certain other long-lived assets, impairing such assets to a carrying value of , for impairment charges totaling million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also recorded impairment charges totaling million relating to right-of-use assets and property and equipment with an as adjusted remaining carrying value totaling billion as of December 31, 2022, valued based on Level 3 inputs representing market rent data for the market the right-of-use assets are located in. 
 Due to uncertainty surrounding the Company's intent to complete certain software projects as a result of unforeseen delays and cost overruns, the Company concluded in the fourth quarter of 2022 that there was an impairment of such capitalized software related intangible assets. The Company recorded impairment charges and other write-offs of certain intangible assets, impairing such assets to a carrying value of zero, for impairment charges of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in 
 171 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million related to DSQ, an equity method investee, prior to its subsequent sale in September 2022. Based on the extent to which the market value of the Company's investment was less than its carrying value and the Company's intent not to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, management determined that the decline in fair value was other than temporary in nature. This impairment charge was determined using a bid price (a Level 2 measurement) for the Company s investments in DSQ, inclusive of the outstanding note receivable. In September 2022, the Company sold it's investments in DSQ for proceeds of million. See Note 13 for details regarding the Company's investments in DSQ and subsequent sale. 
 In December 2022, the Company pledged of its shares of IndiaCo, representing of the securities issued by IndiaCo on a fully diluted basis, as collateral for IndiaCo to enter into a debenture trust deed to borrow up to INR billion (approximately million as of December 31, 2022). The Company has recognized this share pledge at fair value in accordance with ASC 460 - Guarantees , and determined it to be a Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy based on discounted cash flows. As of December 31, 2022 the Company guaranty has a fair value of million and is included as a component of other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other Fair Value Disclosures 
 The estimated fair value of the Company s accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate their carrying values due to their short maturity periods. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the Company s Senior Notes, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs, was approximately million based on recent trading activity (Level 1). For the remainder of the Company's long-term debt, the carrying value approximated the fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 ASC 842 rental and service revenue Total membership and service revenue Other revenue (1) 
 Total revenue 
 million, million and million, respectively, in connection with the Company's former Powered by We on-site office design, development and management solutions and costs of providing various other products and services not directly related to the Company s core space-as-a-service offerings, included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Upon the sale of the Company's 424 Fifth Property in March 2020 (as discussed in Note 10), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into an escrow and construction agreement with the buyer for approximately billion to finalize the core and shell infrastructure work of the property. These funds were held in escrow upon closing of the sale and are available to pay construction costs, contingencies, and cost overruns. The billion is expected to be earned by the Company over the period in which the development is completed. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company 
 172 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million, million and million, respectively, in revenue related to this development agreement, included as a component of other revenues. At closing, WeWork Companies LLC provided the buyer a guaranty of completion for the core and shell construction work of the property and the Company is obligated for any overruns if the amounts in escrow are not sufficient to cover the required construction costs. 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract assets (included in Other current assets) Contract assets (included in Other assets) Deferred revenue ) ) 
 Revenue recognized in accordance with ASC 606 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included in Deferred revenue as of January 1 of the respective years was million and million, respectively. 
 Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer 
 Other assets 
 
 The amortization of these costs is included as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Amortization of capitalized costs to obtain a contract with a customer 
 173 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Provision charged to expense Write-offs ) ) Changes for member collectability uncertainty (1) 
 ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Balance at end of period 
 million on such contracts, net of recoveries and write-offs since 2020, the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the Company's remaining performance obligations that represent contracted customer revenues that have not yet been recognized as revenue as of December 31, 2022, that will be recognized as revenue in future periods over the life of the customer contracts in accordance with ASC 606 was over billion. Over half of the remaining performance obligation as of December 31, 2022 is scheduled to be recognized as revenue within the next , with the remaining to be recognized over the remaining life of the customer contracts, the longest of which extends through 2032. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total 
 The combination of the remaining performance obligation to be recognized as revenue under ASC 606 plus the remaining future minimum lease cash flows of the Company s member contracts that qualify as leases is comparable to what the Company has historically referred to as Committed Revenue Backlog , which totaled over billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has excluded from these amounts contracts with variable consideration where revenue is recognized using the right to invoice practical expedient. 
 174 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost Amortization of lease incentives ) ) ) ) ) Total real estate operating lease cost Early termination fees and related (gain)/loss ) ) 
 175 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost Amortization of lease incentives ) ) ) ) ) Total real estate operating lease cost Early termination fees and related (gain)/loss ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Reported in: 
 Selling, Location 
 Pre-opening General and Restructuring (Amounts in millions) Operating Expenses Location Expenses Administrative Expenses and Other Related Costs Total Lease cost contractually paid or payable for the period Non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost Amortization of lease incentives ) ) ) ) ) Total real estate operating lease cost Early termination fees and related (gain)/loss ) ) 
 The Company's total ASC 842 operating lease costs include both fixed and variable components as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Reported in: Selling, Restructuring Location Pre-opening General and and Other (Amounts in millions) Operating Expenses Location Expenses Administrative Expenses Related (Gains) Costs Total Fixed real estate lease costs Fixed equipment and other lease costs Total fixed lease costs Variable real estate lease costs Variable equipment and other lease costs Total variable lease costs 
 176 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Fixed equipment and other lease costs Total fixed lease costs Variable real estate lease costs Variable equipment and other lease costs Total variable lease costs Year Ended December 31, 2020 Reported in: Selling, Location Pre-opening General and Restructuring (Amounts in millions) Operating Expenses Location Expenses Administrative Expenses and Other Related Costs Total Fixed real estate lease costs Fixed equipment and other lease costs Total fixed lease costs Variable real estate lease costs Variable equipment and other lease costs Total variable lease costs 
 The Company also has certain leases accounted for as finance leases. Total lease costs for finance leases are as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation and amortization Interest expense Total 
 
 177 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Finance lease right-of-use assets (1) 
 Property and equipment, net Total leased assets Liabilities: Current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Current lease obligations Finance lease liabilities Current lease obligations Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Operating lease obligations Long-term lease obligations Finance lease obligations Long-term lease obligations Total non-current liabilities Total lease obligations 
 (1) Finance lease right-of-use assets are recorded net of accumulated amortizati on of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Weighted average discount rate percentage 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and beyond Total undiscounted fixed minimum lease cost payments Less: Amount representing lease incentive receivables (1) 
 ) ) Less: Amount representing interest ) ) ) Present value of future lease payments Less: Obligations classified as held for sale ) ) Less: Current portion of lease obligation ) ) ) Total long-term lease obligation 
 (1) Lease incentive receivables primarily represent amounts expected to be received by the Company relating to payments for leasehold improvements that are reimbursable pursuant to lease provisions with relevant landlords and receivables for broker commissions earned for negotiating certain of the Company s leases. 
 178 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million relating to executed non-cancelable leases that the Company has not yet taken possession of as of December 31, 2022. See Note 19 for details on non-cancellable membership agreements recognized in accordance with ASC 842. 
 
 of the economic and control interest in the We Company Management Holdings L.P. Additionally, Teem Holdings Inc., Euclid WW Holdings Inc., Meetup Holdings Inc., and The We Company Management LLC, indirectly or directly became wholly owned subsidiaries of the We Company MC and limited partners of the WeWork Partnership along with various holders of WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units . As a partnership, the WeWork Partnership is generally not subject to U.S. federal and most state and local income taxes, however, the WeWork Partnership, through its ownership of the equity in WeWork Companies LLC, is subject to withholding taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions. Any taxable income or loss generated by the WeWork Partnership is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its members based on each member s respective ownership percentage and adjusts the initial deferred tax asset for the basis difference established on the investment in the partnership. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the redemption of the partnership interest of Meetup and Teem, and sale of the stock of the entities, resulted in the reversal of some portion of the deferred tax asset and the recognition of a net capital loss. 
 For US income tax purposes, the Business Combination (as discussed in Note 3) is expected to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and thereby result in no material implications to the tax structure.) ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) Total pre-tax loss ) ) ) 
 State and local Non-U.S. ) ) ) Total current tax provision ) ) ) Deferred tax benefit (provision): Federal State and local Non-U.S. Total deferred tax benefit (provision) Income tax benefit (provision) ) ) ) 
 179 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 State income taxes, inclusive of valuation allowance Withholding tax ) ) ) Foreign rate differential Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Non-deductible compensation ) Non-deductible expenses ) ) ) Non-deductible financial instrument expense ) ) Goodwill Impairment ) Rate Change ) ChinaCo Deconsolidation ) Finite-Lived Intangible Other, net ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) ) Income tax benefit (provision) ) ) ) 
 180 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Deferred rent Property and Equipment Accrued expenses Stock-based compensation Deferred financing obligation Unrealized (gain) loss on foreign exchange Net operating loss Capital Loss Finite-lived intangibles Interest Lease Liability Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred Rent ) ) Accrued Expenses ) ) Unrealized (Gain)/Loss on foreign exchange ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Right-of-Use Asset ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (1) 
 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million net deferred tax asset is included as a component of other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 
 We evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset may not be realized. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets in most jurisdictions, however in certain jurisdictions, the Company did not record a valuation allowance where the Company had profitable operations, or the Company recorded only a partial valuation allowance due to the existence of deferred tax liabilities that will partially offset the Company s deferred tax assets in future years. As of December 31, 2022, we concluded, based on the weight of all available positive and negative evidence, that a portion of our deferred tax assets are not more likely than not to be realized. As such a valuation allowance in the amount of billion has been recognized on the Company s deferred tax assets. The net change in valuation allowance for 2022 was an increase of billion. 
 On April 1, 2019, WW Worldwide CV transferred the intellectual property rights to WeWork UK International. For financial reporting purposes the intangible assets; including marketing intangibles, technical IP, and know-how; are recognized at a book value of zero, but for tax purposes will assume the value of the consideration paid. The value of the consideration was based on the Company s overall valuation on the date of the transaction and has been submitted to HM Revenue Customs HMRC in the UK for review and sign-off. For UK income tax purposes, a deferred tax asset relating to the various 
 181 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 billion, of which billion may be carried forward indefinitely and billion will begin to expire starting in 2033 if not utilized. The Company also had capital loss carryforward of million, which if unused, will begin to expire in 2026. The Company had U.S. state income tax net operating loss carryforwards of billion with varying expiration dates (some of which are indefinite), the first of which will begin to expire starting in 2028 if not utilized. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of billion (with various expiration dates), of which approximately billion have indefinite carryforward periods. 
 Certain of these federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 382 or similar provisions, which impose limitations on their utilization amounts. 
 The Company has not recorded deferred income taxes applicable to the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiary that are indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Any undistributed earnings will be used to fund international operations and to make investments outside of the United States. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if applicable, related to uncertain tax positions in the income tax provision. There were no reserves for unrecognized tax benefits and no accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company files income tax returns in U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions. With some exceptions, most tax years remain open to examination by the taxing authorities due to the Company s NOL carryforwards. 
 
 . All share amounts in periods prior to the Business Combination have been retroactively adjusted using the Exchange Ratio for the equivalent number of shares outstanding immediately after the Business Combination to effect the reverse recapitalization. 
 Pursuant to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock having a par value of per share WeWork Inc. Preferred Stock ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of WeWork Inc. Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 
 182 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 per share: 
 December 31, 2020 (Amounts in millions, except share amounts in thousands) Shares Issued and Carrying Outstanding Amount Series A Series B Series C Series D-1 Series D-2 Series E Series F Series G Series G-1 Series H-1 Acquisition Junior Total 
 In March 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company designated shares of authorized preferred stock as Acquisition Preferred Stock Acquisition Preferred Stock which were able to be divided and issued from time to time in one or more series as designated by the Board of Directors. 
 The Company issued Acquisition Preferred shares during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued a total of shares of Acquisition Preferred Stock issued in connection with the acquisitions that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 In October 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized shares of the authorized Preferred Stock designated as Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock Series H-1 ), shares designated as Series H-2 Convertible Preferred Stock Series H-2 ), shares designated as Series H-3 Convertible Preferred Stock Series H-3 and shares designated as Series H-4 Convertible Preferred Stock Series H-4 (collectively, the "Series H Preferred Stock"). The original issue price of the Series H-1 and Series H-2 was per share and the original issue price of the Series H-3 and Series H-4 was per share. The Series H-1 and Series H-3 shares had voting rights while the Series H-2 and Series H-4 did not. 
 In April 2020, the Company closed the PacificCo Roll-up and issued shares of the Company's Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock as consideration for the transaction. The shares had a fair value of per share upon issuance to affiliates of SBG in April 2020. See Note 10 for further details. 
 In April 2020, in connection with a partial exercise of the 2019 Warrant, the Company issued shares of Series H-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, recorded at million, equal to the fair value of the 2019 Warrant on the date of issuance of the shares. See Note 16 for further details. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company issued a convertible note that is convertible into shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The convertible note was included as a component of the carrying amount of the Series C Preferred Stock upon its inception during 2014. In connection with the Business Combination, the convertible note was cancelled and automatically converted into shares of Class A common stock. 
 183 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share, and shares of Class C common stock with a par value of per share. 
 Prior to the Business Combination, the Company had classes of authorized common stock, Legacy WeWork Class A Common Stock, Legacy WeWork Class B Common Stock, Legacy WeWork Class C Common Stock and Legacy WeWork Class D Common Stock. As a result of the Business Combination, each outstanding share of Legacy WeWork capital stock was converted into the right to receive newly issued shares of the Company s Class A common stock, other than the shares of Legacy WeWork Class C common stock, which were converted into the right to receive newly issued shares of the Company s Class C common stock. Each share of Class C common stock is entitled to vote per share (like the Class A shares); however, the Class C shares have no economic rights. 
 On February 26, 2021, in connection with the Settlement Agreement (as defined in Note 27), all of the outstanding shares of Legacy WeWork Class B common stock were automatically converted into shares of Legacy WeWork Class A common stock (the Class B Conversion ). 
 Each share of Legacy WeWork Class B Common Stock was convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time, into one fully paid and non-assessable share of Legacy WeWork Class A Common Stock. Shares of Legacy WeWork Class B Common Stock also automatically converted into shares of Legacy WeWork Class A Common Stock in the event of a transfer (other than in the case of certain permitted transfers). 
 If any shares of Legacy WeWork Class B Common Stock would have been transferred to SoftBank, such transferred shares of Legacy WeWork Class B Common Stock would have automatically converted into shares of Legacy WeWork Class D Common Stock. Except as described in the previous sentence, its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prohibited Legacy WeWork from issuing shares of Legacy WeWork Class D Common Stock. Shares of Legacy WeWork Class D Common Stock would have been convertible into shares of Legacy WeWork Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis at the option of the holder, upon transfer or upon the death or permanent incapacity of Mr. Neumann. 
 Its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prohibited Legacy WeWork from issuing additional shares of Legacy WeWork Class B Common Stock or shares of Legacy WeWork Class C Common Stock, except in limited circumstances such as pursuant to the exercise of options to purchase shares of Legacy WeWork Class B Common Stock that were granted as of the date on which the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation became effective. 
 Effective October 30, 2019, in connection with the SoftBank Transactions, the holders of the shares of Legacy WeWork Class A Common Stock were entitled to vote per share and the holders of the shares of Legacy WeWork Class B, Legacy WeWork Class C and Legacy WeWork Class D Common Stock were entitled to votes per share. Prior to October 30, 2019, holders of Legacy WeWork Class B and Legacy WeWork Class C Common Stock were entitled to votes per share. The holders of the shares of Class B, and Class C Common Stock, voting together exclusively and as a separate class, were entitled to elect two directors of the Company, so long as any shares of Legacy WeWork Class B Common Stock or Legacy WeWork Class C Common Stock remained outstanding. In connection with the Settlement Agreement and Class B Conversion, shares of Legacy WeWork Class C common stock had vote per share, instead of . 
 184 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

July 31, 2025 Class A Common Stock October 20, 2026 
 As of December 31, 2021, outstanding warrants to acquire shares of the Company s stock, excluding warrants held by SoftBank and SoftBank affiliates as discussed in Note 17 were as follows: 
 Convertible Into 
 Number of Shares 
 Exercise Price 
 Expiration Date 
 Class A Common Stock July 31, 2025 Class A Common Stock October 20, 2026 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding warrants held by SoftBank and SoftBank affiliates were as follows: 
 Convertible Into 
 Number of Shares 
 Exercise Price 
 Expiration Date 
 Class A Common Stock December 27, 2024 Class A Common Stock October 20, 2031 Class A Common Stock December 6, 2031 
 Private and Public Warrants 
 Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy BowX issued private placement warrants Sponsor Warrants or "Private Warrants") and public warrants Public Warrants ). Upon closing of the Business Combination, the Company assumed the Sponsor Warrants and Public Warrants. Each whole 
 185 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 per share, subject to adjustments. Upon separation of the Legacy BowX units share of Class A common stock and 1/3 warrant), no fractional warrants could be issued, so while up to a maximum of public warrants could be issued, the final figure was . The warrants are exercisable at any time commencing the later of a) days after the completion of the Business Combination and b) months from the date of the closing of Legacy BowX s initial public offering on August 7, 2020 and will expire after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Sponsor Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that (1) the Sponsor Warrants and shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Sponsor Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (2) the Sponsor Warrants will be non-redeemable (subject to certain exceptions) and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees and (3) the initial purchasers and their permitted transferees will also have certain registration rights related to the private placement warrants. If the Sponsor Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Sponsor Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants, in whole and not in part, upon a minimum days prior written notice of redemption. There are two scenarios in which the Company may redeem the warrants. 
 The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants for cash at a price of per warrant if the reference value equals or exceeds per share. The warrant holders have the right to exercise their outstanding warrants prior to the scheduled redemption date during the redemption period at per share. The Sponsor Warrants are exempt from redemption if the warrants continue to be held by the original warrant holder or a permitted transferee. 
 The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants at a price of per warrant if the reference value equals or exceeds per share, and the Sponsor Warrants are also concurrently called for redemption. The warrant holders have the right to exercise their outstanding warrants prior to the scheduled redemption date during the redemption period on a cashless basis. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a warrant holder exercised warrants and acquired an aggregate of and shares, respectively, of Class A common stock. The Company received in proceeds from the warrant exercises during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, a warrant holder performed a non-permitted transfer of Private Warrants for an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock. The Private Warrants had a fair value of million at the time of the transfer, which was transferred from warrant liabilities to additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 SoftBank and SoftBank Affiliate Warrants 
 SoftBank Senior Unsecured Notes Warrants and 2020 LC Facility Warrants 
 In connection with the Business Combination in October 2021, the SoftBank Senior Unsecured Notes Warrants and the 2020 LC Facility Warrants (as described in Note 17) were converted into the right to receive a warrant to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock upon the same terms and conditions as are in effect with respect to such warrants immediately prior to the effective time of the Business Combination (the Converted Company Warrants except that (i) such Converted Company Warrants relate to that whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the number of shares of Company capital stock subject to such Company Warrants, multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, and (ii) the exercise price per share for each such Converted Company Warrants is equal to the exercise price per share of such Company Warrants in effect immediately prior to 
 186 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million and million, respectively, which was transferred from warrant liabilities to additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 First Warrants 
 In connection with the Business Combination in October 2021, WeWork Inc. issued warrants to SVF II and SVFE to purchase and shares, respectively, of Class A common stock at a price per share of (the "First Warrants"). The First Warrants were issued as an inducement to obtain SoftBank and its affiliates support in effectuating the automatic conversion of Legacy WeWork preferred stock on a one-to-one basis to Legacy WeWork common stock. The Company recognized an additional capital contribution of million and an equal off-setting amount within additional paid-in capital representing the fair value of the First Warrants as of the Business Combination. The First Warrants will expire on October 20, 2031, the tenth anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination. 
 LC Warrants 
 In Connection with the LC Facility Extension (as described in Note 17), the Company issued to SBG warrants (collectively, the LC Warrant to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock, at a price per share equal to . The fair value of the LC Warrant at issuance of million was recognized in additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In March 2022, the LC Warrant was transferred to SVF II (DE) LLC. The LC Warrant will expire on December 6, 2031, the tenth anniversary of the date of issuance. The effective interest rate on the LC Facility Termination Extension is , consisting of cash and warrants. 
 
 shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock. Upon closing of the Business Combination, the remaining unallocated share reserves under the 2013 Plan (as defined herein) and the 2015 Plan (as defined herein) were cancelled and no new awards will be granted under either the 2013 Plan or the 2015 Plan. Awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan and the 2015 Plan were assumed by WeWork Inc. upon the closing of the Business Combination and continue to be governed by the terms of the 2013 Plan and the 2015 Plan. In connection with the Business Combination each holder of Legacy WeWork options and RSUs received an equivalent award adjusted based on the Exchange Ratio that vests in accordance with the original terms of the award. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan was adopted by Legacy BowX's Board of Directors on September 19, 2021, and was approved by shareholders on October 19, 2021. The 2021 Plan became effective on the closing of the Business Combination. The 2021 Plan allows for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and other stock or cash based awards for issuance to its employees, non-employee directors and non-employee third parties. shares of Class A Common Stock were initially reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. The number of shares of Class A Common Stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan may, subject to the approval of the Company's board of directors, increase on January 1 of each year beginning January 1, 2022, but not after October 20, 2031, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) a number equal to the excess (if any) of (A) over (B) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan immediately 
 187 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 . Shares subject to awards that were subsequently forfeited, expired, cancelled, as well as shares withheld by the Company to pay for exercise price and tax obligations (under the 2021 Plan as well as the 2013 Plan and 2015 Plan) are recycled into the 2021 plan for issuance provided that the plan does not exceed shares. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, awards with respect to and shares of Class A Common Stock, respectively, have been granted, net of cancellations, under the 2021 Plan. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP was adopted by Legacy BowX's Board of Directors on September 19, 2021, and was approved by shareholders on October 19, 2021. shares of Class A Common Stock were initially reserved for issuance pursuant to the ESPP. The number of shares of Class A Common Stock available for issuance under the ESPP may, subject to the approval of the Company's board of directors, increase on January 1 of each year beginning January 1, 2023, but not after October 20, 2031, by less any shares authorized but not issued under the ESPP as of the date of such increase, provided that the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP may not exceed shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no shares have been issued under the ESPP. 
 Stock Based Compensation Expense - 
 Service-based vesting stock options (1) 
 Service, performance and market-based vesting restricted stock units (2)(3) 
 Service, performance and market-based vesting stock options (2) 
 WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units 2021 Tender Offer 2020 Tender Offer 2020 Option Repricing PacificCo LTEIP exit event Other Total 
 (1) Includes million of stock-based compensation expense recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 for service-based option awards granted by the LatamCo subsidiary under the 2022 LatamCo 2022 ESOP (as discussed and defined below). 
 (2) Includes a reversal of stock-based compensation expense previously recorded of million and million for unvested options and unvested RSUs, respectively, that were forfeited during the year ended December 31, 2022. No reversal of stock-based compensation expense previously recorded for unvested options and RSUs forfeited was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 (3) Includes a million reversal of stock-based compensation expense previously recorded due to fair value adjustments resulting from the reassessment of performance vesting conditions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The stock-based compensation expense related to employees and non-employee directors are reported in the following financial statement line items: 
 188 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring and other related (gains) costs Total stock-based compensation expense 
 The stock-based compensation expense related to non-employee contractors for services rendered are reported in Selling, general and administrative expenses and include the following instruments and transactions: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Service-based vesting stock options (1) 
 ) ChinaCo ordinary share subscription rights Total ) 
 (1) The million recovery recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 was related to expense previously taken for unvested options that were forfeited. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were , million and million, respectively, of expenses relating to stock options awarded to non-employees relating to goods received and services provided. These expenses were capitalized and recorded as a component of Property and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Restricted Stock The Company reflects restricted stock and RSUs as issued and outstanding shares of common stock when vested and when the Class A Common Stock has been delivered to the individual. 
 Granted 
 Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Unvested, December 31, 2022 
 
 RSU grants are primarily time-based awards that vest annually over a three -to- service period. The awards are subject to the risk of forfeiture until vested by virtue of continued employment or service to the Company. 
 The fair value of restricted stock and RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized stock based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs awarded to employees and non-employee directors expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 189 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Executive Service and Performance-based grants Executive Service, Performance and Market-based grants (1) 
 Total 
 (1) For awards in which the liquidity-based performance vesting condition was deemed satisfied upon the closing of the Business Combination in 2021, the Company recognized the compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, with a cumulative catch-up upon the closing of the Business Combination for service already provided. 
 Executive Service and Performance-based Conditions 
 Of the unvested award balance, unvested RSUs relate to a service- and performance-based RSU award granted during the year ended December 31, 2021. Each RSU represents the right to receive one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock when fully vested. These RSUs have a contractual term and contain a performance condition which was satisfied upon the closing of the Business Combination. The RSUs are subject to the risk of forfeiture until vested by virtue of continued employment or service to the Company. 
 Executive Service, Performance and Market-based Conditions 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted to certain employees RSU awards, vesting in Class A Common Stock, containing service, performance, and market-based vesting conditions. Upon the closing of the Business Combination in 2021, these RSUs are eligible to vest following the achievement of either: (a) a performance-based vesting condition tied to unlevered free cash flow (as defined in the award), or (b) a market-based vesting condition on the share price of the Company's Class A Common Stock. The fair value of the awards with performance and market-based conditions was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation to address the path-dependent nature of the market-based vesting conditions. Based on the award term, equity value, expected volatility, risk-free rate, and a series of random variables with a normal distribution, the future equity value is simulated to develop a large number of potential paths of the future equity value. Each path within the simulation includes the measurement of the 90-trading day average future equity value to determine whether the market-based conditions are met. The unrecognized expense associated with these RSUs is approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of year. 
 The Company recognizes the compensation cost of awards subject to service and performance-based vesting conditions including a market condition using the accelerated attribution method. For tranches in which the performance-based vesting conditions are probable, the Company recognizes the compensation cost for each tranche using the highest associated grant date fair value over the longer of (a) the explicit requisite service period, or (b) the shorter of the implied performance or derived market-based requisite service periods, with a cumulative catch-up upon the closing of the Business Combination for service already provided. For tranches in which the performance-based vesting conditions are not probable, the Company recognizes the compensation cost for each tranche over the longer of the explicit service or derived market-based requisite service periods, with a cumulative catch-up upon the closing of the Business Combination for service already provided. 
 In 2018, certain former executives of the Company were issued shares of restricted Class A Common Stock in exchange for recourse promissory notes with principal balances totaling million as of December 31, 2018, included as a component of equity. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company forgave loans and interest totaling million, resulting in a impact to equity as of December 31, 2021. 
 190 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 shares of restricted Class A Common Stock in exchange for recourse promissory notes with principal balances totaling million as of December 31, 2019, included as a component of equity. During fiscal year 2020, million in loans and accrued interest were settled through cash repayments of principal and interest totaling million, the surrendering to the Company of shares of Class A Common Stock totaling million and the forgiveness of million which was recognized as a component of restructuring and other related (gains) costs on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. These restricted shares were scheduled to vest over a period and were subject to repurchase by the Company during the vesting period at the original issue price. The loans settled in full during 2020 included interest rates of . 
 Profits Interest Units and Noncontrolling Partnership Interests in the WeWork Partnership In July and August 2019, Legacy WeWork issued WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units in the WeWork Partnership, at a weighted average per-unit distribution threshold of and a weighted-average per-unit preference amount of , and canceled certain existing stock option awards held by the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interests grantees. of the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units were issued to Mr. Neumann, with the remainder issued to certain former members of management. Each holder of WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units in the WeWork Partnership was also granted one share of Legacy WeWork s Class C Common Stock per WeWork Partnerships Profits Interests. The WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units granted were subject to certain time-based, market-based and/or performance-based vesting conditions. 
 In October 2019, upon receipt of the billion under the 2019 Warrant, Legacy WeWork modified WeWork Partnerships Profits Interests held by Mr. Neumann which had vested prior to his resignation as Chief Executive Officer in September 2019, to reduce the per-unit distribution threshold from to and to reduce the per-unit catch-up base amount from to . In October 2019, Legacy WeWork also came to a final agreement with Mr. Neumann regarding modification to the remaining of his WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units award and determined that (i) additional WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units would be modified to reduce the per-unit distribution threshold from to , to reduce the per-unit catch-up base amount from to , and to be immediately vested, (ii) WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units would be modified to reduce the per-unit distribution threshold from to , to reduce the per-unit catch-up base amount from to , and to vest monthly over a period immediately following a change in control or initial public offering of Legacy WeWork, contingent on compliance with the restrictive covenants and other obligations set forth in Mr. Neumann's non-competition and non-solicitation agreement and (iii) the remaining WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units were forfeited. 
 In February 2021, in connection with the Settlement Agreement, as defined in Note 27, the remaining unvested WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units held by Mr. Neumann in the WeWork Partnership became fully vested. In addition, all of Mr. Neumann's WeWork Partnerships Profits Interests were amended to reduce the per-unit catch-up base amount to and to reduce the per-unit distribution threshold to (subject to downward adjustment based on closing date pricing if a de-SPAC or initial public offering occurs). As a result of this modification, Legacy WeWork recorded million of Restructuring and other related (gains) costs in its Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three-months ended March 31, 2021. The distribution threshold was adjusted downward based on closing date pricing of the Business Combination discussed in Note 3. In connection with the Business Combination, Mr. Neumann elected to convert his WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units into WeWork Partnership Class A Common Units. See Note 10 for details on the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units conversion. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were unvested WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units outstanding relating to other former members of management. 
 191 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 192 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 vested WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units outstanding. However, the overall redemption value of outstanding WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units and the corresponding noncontrolling interest in the WeWork Partnership was zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as the fair market value of the Company s stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was less than the per-unit distribution threshold for the outstanding WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units. As the fair market value of the Company s stock increases above the distribution threshold, the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units will be dilutive to the Company s ownership percentage in the WeWork Partnership. 
 Granted Exchanged/redeemed Forfeited/canceled Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 
 There were WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized stock based compensation expense from outstanding WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units. 
 Stock Options 
 Service-based Vesting Conditions 
 The stock options outstanding noted below consist primarily of time based options to purchase Class A Common Stock, the majority of which vest over a three to period and have a contractual term. These awards are subject to the risk of forfeiture until vested by virtue of continued employment or service to the Company. 
 193 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/canceled ) Expired ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 Excercisable, December 31, 2022 
 Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 Vested and exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, options were granted with a weighted average grant date fair value of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, options were granted. During the year ended December 31, 2020, options were granted with a weighted average grant date fair value of . 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 were valued using the Black-Scholes Model. Of the stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2020, stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes Model and a single option approach and the remaining stock options granted had an original exercise price greater than the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant and therefore the Company estimated the fair value of these awards using the binomial model. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, options were granted. 
 
 - 
 Weighted average expected term (years) Weighted average expected volatility Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 Dividend yield 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock based compensation expense from outstanding options awarded to employees and non-employee directors was approximately million, expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was no unrecognized expense related to stock options awarded to non-employee contractors and consultants. 
 194 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 contractual term. These stock options will be eligible to vest following the achievement of either: (a) a performance-based vesting condition tied to unlevered free cash flow (as defined in the award), or (b) a performance-based vesting condition tied to a capital raise (as defined in the award) or the Company's Class A Common Stock becoming publicly traded on any national securities exchange and a market condition tied to the Company's valuation, at three to four distinct threshold levels over a distinct performance period from 2020 through 2024. Stock options that have become eligible to vest will then vest at the end of a three to service period. These stock options are subject to the risk of forfeiture until vested by virtue of continued employment or service to the Company. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company modified million options (which represented all outstanding options at the time of the modification) held by employees to purchase Class A Common Stock containing both service and performance-based vesting conditions (including a market-based vesting condition). The Company modified the market-based condition to be based on the share price of the Company's Class A Common Stock: (i) after the Company becomes (or becomes a subsidiary of) a publicly traded company with shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange, Nasdaq, or other similar national exchange, by either (a) an initial public offering, or (b) a Public Company Acquisition (as defined in the agreement), or (ii) if the Company's Class A Common Stock is not publicly traded on any national securities exchange, the share price shall be measured only as of the closing date of a Capital Raise Transaction (as defined in the agreement). The Company applied modification accounting under ASC 718, which resulted in a new measurement of compensation cost, and the original grant-date fair value of the award is no longer used to measure compensation cost for the award. The market-based weighted average fair value on the new measurement date amounted to , an increase of per option. The modified liquidity-based performance condition associated with (a) and (b) above was deemed satisfied upon the closing of the Business Combination. 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited/canceled ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 Vested and exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 
 The fair value of the awards with a performance-based vesting condition was estimated using a two-step binomial option pricing model to capture the impact of the value the underlying common stock based on 
 195 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 -times the exercise price and post-vesting forfeiture rate of percent. 
 The fair value of the awards with performance and market-based conditions was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation to address the path-dependent nature of the market-based vesting conditions. Based on the award term, equity value, expected volatility, risk-free rate, and a series of random variables with a normal distribution, the future equity value is simulated to develop a large number of potential paths of the future equity value. Each path within the simulation includes the measurement of the 90-trading day average future equity value to determine whether the market-based conditions are met, and the future value of the award based on applying a sub-optimal exercise factor of -times the exercise price to capture post-vesting, early exercise behavior. 
 There were no stock options with performance-based vesting conditions (including market conditions) granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company recognizes the compensation cost of awards subject to service and performance-based vesting conditions including a market condition using the accelerated attribution method. For tranches in which the performance-based vesting conditions are probable, the Company recognizes the compensation cost for each tranche using the highest associated grant date fair value over the longer of (a) the explicit requisite service period, or (b) the shorter of the implied performance or derived market-based requisite service periods, with a cumulative catch-up upon the closing of the Business Combination for service already provided. For tranches in which the performance-based vesting conditions are not probable, the Company recognizes the compensation cost for each tranche over the longer of the explicit service or derived market-based requisite service periods, with a cumulative catch-up upon the closing of the Business Combination for service already provided. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock based compensation expense from outstanding options was approximately million, expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately year. 
 2020 Option Repricing 
 In June 2020, the Compensation Committee of Legacy WeWork's Board of Directors approved a one-time repricing of stock options granted during February and March 2020 from an exercise price of per share to an exercise price of per share (the "2020 Option Repricing"). As a result of the 2020 Option Repricing, grantees exchanged stock options with an exercise price of per share for stock options with an exercise price of per share. The 2020 Option Repricing was subject to modification accounting under ASC 718. Modifications to stock-based awards are treated as an exchange of the original award for a new award with total compensation equal to the grant-date fair value of the original award plus any incremental value of the modification. The incremental value is based on the excess of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before the modification. In connection with this modification, the Company recorded an incremental stock-based compensation charge of million during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense from the modification was less than million, expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of less than a year. 
 2020 Tender Offer In October 2019, in connection with the SoftBank Transactions, the Company entered into an agreement with SBG pursuant to which, SVF II launched a tender offer in November 2019 to purchase billion of the Company's equity securities (including securities underlying vested options, exercisable warrants and convertible notes) from eligible equity holders of the Company, at a price of per share (the "2020 Tender Offer"). 
 Pursuant to the contract, the 2020 Tender Offer was scheduled to expire in April 2020. The closure of the 2020 Tender Offer was contingent on satisfaction of certain conditions as of the expiration date. 
 196 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 RSUs (with respect to which the service-based vesting condition had been satisfied) held by grantees, such that those RSUs would have become fully vested immediately prior to the closing of the 2020 Tender Offer and settled in Legacy WeWork Class A Common Stock that would have been able to be tendered in the 2020 Tender Offer. The Company accounted for the modification in accordance with ASC 718 and recognized million of incremental compensation cost during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded , and million, respectively, of additional stock-based compensation expense relating to the 2020 Tender Offer, with , and million, respectively, recorded as a reduction of additional paid in capital. The additional expense was recorded based on management's assessment of the likely consummation of the 2020 Tender Offer and management's estimate of the number of shares that would be acquired from employees, former employees and contractors of the Company at a price per share of , which price was above the fair market value of the shares. As of March 31, 2020, other current liabilities included a balance of million relating to the 2020 Tender Offer. In April 2020, SVF II terminated and withdrew their offer to purchase the Company's equity securities as described above. As such, during the three months ended June 30, 2020, the total million was reclassified to additional paid in capital. 
 2021 Tender Offer In March 2021, in connection with the Settlement Agreement, as described in Note 27, the Company entered into an agreement with SoftBank pursuant to which SVF II launched a tender offer to purchase million of the Company's equity securities (including senior preferred stock, acquisition preferred stock and common stock, including shares underlying vested options, exercisable warrants and convertible notes with an exercise or conversion price less than the purchase price, in each case outstanding as of the determination date, and shares subject to certain RSUs with respect to which the service-based vesting condition had been satisfied as of the determination date) from equity holders of the Company, at a price of per share (the "2021 Tender Offer"). 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2021 and in connection with the 2021 Tender Offer, the Company modified the liquidity event condition with respect to RSUs (with respect to which the service-based vesting condition had been satisfied) held by grantees, such that those RSUs became fully vested immediately prior to the closing of the 2021 Tender Offer and settled in Class A Common Stock that were able to be tendered in the 2021 Tender Offer. The Company accounted for the modification in accordance with ASC 718 and recognized million of incremental compensation cost during the three months ended March 31, 2021. 
 The tender offer was completed in April 2021 and as a result million shares of Class A Common Stock were acquired primarily from employees of the Company at a price per share of , which resulted in approximately million of additional stock-based compensation expense, and million recorded as a reduction of additional paid in capital during the three months ended March 31, 2021, and million recorded as a liability within other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2021. The additional stock-based compensation expense was recorded as the shares were purchased from employees at a price above the fair market value of the shares. The liability recorded as of March 31, 2021 was resolved through an increase to additional paid in capital in April 2021 upon completion of the tender. 
 197 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 . Employee Interests are notional non-voting membership interests (mochibun) of JapanCo, where one Employee Interest shall be treated as equal to a membership interest (mochibun) of Japan. All awards under the JapanCo 2019 LTEIP that vest will be settled in local currency of the participating subsidiary of JapanCo. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 there were a total of , and interest appreciation rights, respectively, granted under the JapanCo 2019 LTEIP with a weighted-average exercise price of and a weighted-average grant date fair value of . The fair value of the interest appreciation rights was estimated using a binomial option pricing model that incorporates post-vesting early exercise behavior with a sub-optimal exercise factor of -times the exercise price and a post-vesting forfeiture rate of percent. 
 Payment in respect of any interest appreciation right is conditioned upon the occurrence of an Exit Event (as defined in the JapanCo 2019 LTEIP). In addition, awards will generally time-vest over a employment service period. Each interest appreciation right entitles the grantee to the increase, if any, from the exercise price (fair market value) to the fair market value at the Exit Event in cash or shares of JapanCo. As of December 31, 2022, there were a total of interest appreciation rights outstanding under the JapanCo 2019 LTEIP. The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense from outstanding interest appreciation rights awarded under the JapanCo 2019 LTEIP was approximately million as of December 31, 2022, which to the extent the other vesting conditions are met, will only be recognized when the Exit Event occurs. As a result, there was stock-based compensation expense recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 associated with the JapanCo 2019 LTEIP. 
 LatamCo 
 On August 30, 2022, the management board and shareholders of LatamCo approved and adopted an Employee Stock Option Plan LatamCo 2022 ESOP ), authorizing the grant of option awards to its employees, officers, directors, and consultants. The maximum number of options that may be granted under the LatamCo 2022 ESOP is . Each option granted represents a non-voting Class B share in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of EUR each. The awards are subject to a right-of-first refusal where recipients are able to sell vested shares to the Company and major shareholders. In addition, Participants are not allowed to sell or transfer vested options until the effective date of a Corporate Transaction (as defined by the LatamCo 2022 ESOP). 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there were options granted under the LatamCo 2022 ESOP with a weighted-average exercise price of and a weighted-average grant date fair value of . The fair value of the grants was estimated using a binomial option pricing model that incorporates the post-vesting early exercise behavior with a sub-optimal exercise factor of -times the 
 198 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 percent. 
 0.0 Granted Exercised Forfeited/canceled ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 Vested and exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were a total of options outstanding under the LatamCo 2022 ESOP. The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense associated with these awards is approximately million as of December 31, 2022, expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 ChinaCo 
 In April 2017, the Company's previously consolidated subsidiary, ChinaCo, granted a shareholder, in connection with services to be provided by a consultant affiliated with such shareholder, the right to subscribe to of ChinaCo's Class A ordinary shares which were originally scheduled to vest annually over a period and had a grant date value of per ChinaCo Class A ordinary share. The consultant is also a member of the Company's and ChinaCo's Board of Directors; however, the services required per the terms of grant were greater in scope than the individual's responsibilities as a standard director. As of September 30, 2020, a total of of these shares were vested and issued. On October 2, 2020, pursuant to the ChinaCo Agreement and immediately prior to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation, an additional shares in ChinaCo were issued to the consultant and the remaining unvested ChinaCo ordinary shares were cancelled. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded million of selling, general and administrative expenses, associated with the rights to subscribe to ChinaCo ordinary shares granted to non-employee contractors for services rendered. Prior to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation, this expense was recorded as an increase in the equity allocated to Noncontrolling interests on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Subsequent to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation the Company did not incur any related expenses. 
 In November 2018, ChinaCo adopted a long-term equity incentive plan (the ChinaCo 2018 LTEIP ), authorizing the grant of equity-based awards (including restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights) to ChinaCo employees, officers, directors and consultants. The ChinaCo Deconsolidation on October 2, 2020 was an Exit Event as defined in the ChinaCo 2018 LTEIP and resulted in the forfeiture of the stock appreciation rights for no consideration as their exercise price was in excess of the implied price per share in the ChinaCo Deconsolidation. As a result of the ChinaCo Deconsolidation, the ChinaCo 2018 LTEIP was terminated and no further awards may be made under the ChinaCo 2018 LTEIP. 
 199 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 stock appreciation rights outstanding under the PacificCo 2019 LTEIP and there were stock appreciation rights forfeited during the three months ended March 31, 2020. The PacificCo Roll-up transaction, completed in April 2020, was an Exit Event as defined in the PacificCo 2019 LTEIP and resulted in the then-vested stock appreciation rights which were in-the-money based on the implied price per share in the PacificCo Roll-up being settled in cash totaling payments of million. As a result of the completion of the PacificCo Roll-up, the PacificCo 2019 LTEIP was terminated and no further awards may be made under the PacificCo 2019 LTEIP. 
 
 vote per share, instead of (the "Class B Conversion"). 
 Prior to the Business Combination, the Company's participating securities included Series A, B, C, D-1, D-2, E, F, G, G-1, H-1, H-3 and Acquisition Preferred Stock, as the holders of these series of preferred stock were entitled to receive a noncumulative dividend on a pari passu basis in the event that a dividend was paid on common stock, as well as holders of certain vested RSUs that had a non-forfeitable right to dividends in the event that a dividend was paid on common stock. The holders of WeWork's Junior Preferred Stock were not entitled to receive dividends and were not included as participating securities. The holders of Series A, B, C, D-1, D-2, E, F, G, G-1, H-1, H-3 and Acquisition Preferred Stock, as well as the holders of certain vested RSUs with a non-forfeitable right to dividends, did not have a contractual obligation to share in its losses. As such, the Company's net losses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, were not allocated to these participating securities. In connection with the Business Combination, all series of Legacy WeWork convertible preferred stock were converted to the Company s Class A common stock at the Exchange Ratio, on a one-for-one basis with Legacy WeWork s Class A common stock, and included in the basic net loss per share calculation on a prospective basis. 
 Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. attributable to its Class A common and Class B common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of its Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding during the period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the warrants held by SoftBank and SoftBank affiliates are exercisable at any time for 
 200 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 and shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On October 20, 2021, as a result of the Company's Business Combination, prior period share and per share amounts presented have been retroactively converted in accordance with ASC 805. For each comparative period before the Business Combination Legacy WeWork's historical weighted average number of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding has been multiplied by the Exchange Ratio. 
 For the computation of diluted net loss per share, net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for basic net loss per share is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities, including awards under the Company's equity compensation plans. Diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the resulting net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. attributable to its Class A common and Class B common stockholders by the weighted-average number of fully diluted common shares outstanding. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company's potential dilutive shares were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share as the effect of including these shares in the computation would have been anti-dilutive.) ) ) Less: Fair value of contingently issuable shares related to warrants issued to principal shareholder as an inducement ) Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B Common Stockholders (1) - basic 
 ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Class A and Class B Common Stockholders (1) - diluted 
 ) ) ) Denominator: Basic shares: Weighted-average shares - Basic Diluted shares: Weighted-average shares - Diluted Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B Common Stockholders: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 (1) The years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are comprised of only Class A common stock as noted above. 
 
 201 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Partnership Units RSUs Stock options Contingent shares (1) 
 WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units Convertible Preferred Stock Series A, B, C, D-1, D-2, E, F, G, G-1, H-1, H-3 and Acquisition Convertible Preferred Stock Series Junior Convertible notes 

million in revolving loans and letters of credit, subject to certain financial and other covenants. At various points during 2016 through 2019, the Company executed amendments to the credit agreement governing the 2019 Credit Facility which amended certain of the financial and other covenants. In November 2017 and as later amended, the Company entered into a new letter of credit facility (the "2019 LC Facility") pursuant to the letter of credit reimbursement agreement that provided an additional million in availability of standby letters of credit. In May 2019, the Company entered into an additional letter of credit reimbursement agreement that provided for an additional million in availability of standby letters of credit. 
 In conjunction with the availability of the 2020 LC Facility (described below), the 2019 Credit Facility and the 2019 LC Facility were terminated in February 2020 and million of deferred financing costs were expensed and included in loss on extinguishment of debt on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million remains outstanding in a letter of credit issued under the 2019 LC Facility and is secured by a new letter of credit issued under the Senior LC Tranche. 
 The Company has also entered into various other letter of credit arrangements, the purpose of which is to guarantee payment under certain leases entered into by JapanCo and other fully owned subsidiaries. There was million and million of standby letters of credit outstanding under these other arrangements that are secured by million and million of restricted cash at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Credit Agreement and Reimbursement Agreement On December 27, 2019, WeWork Companies LLC entered into the Credit Agreement (as amended, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"). The Credit Agreement initially provided for a billion senior secured letter of credit reimbursement facility (the "2020 LC Facility"), which was made available on February 10, 2020, for the support of WeWork Companies LLC's or its subsidiaries' obligations. As described further below, in May 2022, the existing 2020 LC Facility was amended and subdivided into a billion senior tranche letter of credit facility (the "Senior LC Tranche"), which was then scheduled to automatically decrease to billion in February 2023 and terminate in February 2024, and a million junior tranche letter of credit facility (the "Junior LC Tranche"), which was then scheduled to terminate in November 2023. In December 2022, the Credit Agreement was further amended to, among other things, (i) extend the termination date of the existing Senior LC Tranche to March 14, 2025, and (ii) reduce the Senior LC Tranche to billion, with a further decrease to million on February 10, 2023. In February 2023, WeWork Companies LLC entered into a further amendment to the Credit Agreement pursuant to which, 
 202 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million, and extended to terminate in March 2025, and the Senior LC Tranche was increased from million to million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, billion of standby letters of credit were outstanding under the Senior LC Tranche, of which none were drawn. As of December 31, 2022, there was million in remaining letter of credit availability under the Senior LC Tranche. 
 In connection with the reduction of the Senior LC Tranche capacity in February 2023, the Company funded million of cash collateral. Upon effectiveness of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, billion of standby letters of credit were outstanding under the Senior LC Facility, of which were drawn. In addition, as of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, approximately million of contingent obligations in respect of letters of credit issued under the Senior LC Facility are required to be cash collateralized, in the amount of of the stated amount thereof. 
 On March 25, 2021, the Company and SBG entered into a letter agreement (the Credit Support Letter pursuant to which SBG committed to consent to an extension of the termination date of the 2020 LC Facility from February 10, 2023 to no later than February 10, 2024 (the "LC Facility Extension"), subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. In November 2021, the parties amended the Credit Support Letter (as so amended, the Amended Credit Support Letter ), pursuant to which SBG agreed to consent to a reduction of the total commitment under the 2020 LC Facility from billion to billion starting on February 10, 2023 and to an extension of the commitment under the Senior Secured NPA for up to million from February 12, 2023 to February 12, 2024. 
 On May 10, 2022, the Company and the other parties thereto entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the "Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement") pursuant to which the then existing facilities under the Credit Agreement were amended and subdivided into a billion Senior LC Tranche, which was scheduled to decrease to billion in February 2023, and the million Junior LC Tranche. The letter of credit under the Junior LC Tranche was issued and drawn for the benefit of WeWork Companies LLC in full upon effectiveness of the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. At the time of entry into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the termination date of the Junior LC Tranche was November 30, 2023 and the termination date of the Senior LC Tranche was February 9, 2024. Following the entry into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche bore interest at the Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), with a floor of , plus , with an option to convert all or a portion of the outstanding obligations to the ABR (as defined in the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement) plus on or after August 10, 2022. As a result of the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche were voluntarily repayable at any time, subject to a prepayment fee such that the minimum return to the letter of credit participants under the Junior LC Tranche on the Junior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations was an amount equal to the sum of (the Applicable Margin of the Junior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations) and of the total principal amount of the Junior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations, as set forth in the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Obligations of WeWork Companies LLC and its restricted subsidiaries under the Junior LC Tranche are subordinated in right of payment to the obligations under the Senior LC Tranche to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such obligations. 
 In December 2022, the Company and the other parties thereto entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the "Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement") to, among other things, (i) extend the termination date of the Senior LC Tranche to March 14, 2025, (ii) replace SBG with SVF II as an obligor with respect to the Senior LC Tranche and (iii) reduce the Senior LC Tranche to billion, with a subsequent automatic decrease to million on February 10, 2023. The reimbursement obligations under the Senior LC Tranche were amended to an amount equal to the sum of (i) - , based on the relevant Rating Level Period (as defined in the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement), and (ii) of the total principal amount of the Senior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations, as set forth in the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement provided for the resignation of SBG as the obligor and assumption by SVF II of all of SBG's obligations with respect to 
 203 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 billion until February 10, 2023 and billion thereafter with additional commitments. The Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement also provides that if letter of credit reimbursements under the senior letter of credit tranche are made by SVF II, the commitments in respect of the senior letter of credit tranche will be reduced by a corresponding amount. 
 In February 2023, the Company and the other parties thereto entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) the Junior LC Tranche was increased by million to million, (ii) the termination date of the Junior LC Tranche was extended from November 30, 2023 to March 7, 2025, (iii) the interest margin applicable to the Junior LC Tranche was increased from to for reimbursement obligations, and (iv) the Senior LC Tranche was increased from million to million. The additional million letter of credit under the Junior LC Tranche was issued and drawn for the benefit of WeWork Companies LLC in full upon effectiveness of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche remain voluntarily repayable at any time, subject to a prepayment fee in connection with prepayments made during the 18 months following the date of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, in the amount of the net present value of interest that would have accrued on such amounts prepaid from the prepayment date to the date that is 18 months following the date of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, discounted by the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and , respectively, in interest expense in connection with the Junior LC Tranche. 
 The Company's gross proceeds of million from the issuance of the Junior LC Tranche were recorded net of unamortized debt issuance costs of million in long term debt, net on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 The letter of credit facilities under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by substantially all of the domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries of WeWork Companies LLC (collectively, the Guarantors and are secured by substantially all the assets of WeWork Companies LLC and the Guarantors, in each case, subject to customary exceptions, with the obligations under the Junior LC Tranche subordinated to the obligations under the Senior LC Tranche to extent of the value of the collateral securing such obligations. The Credit Agreement and related documentation contain customary reimbursement provisions, representations, warranties, events of default and affirmative covenants (including with respect to cash management) for letter of credit facilities of this type. The negative covenants applicable to WeWork Companies LLC and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Credit Agreement) are limited to cash management requirements and restrictions on liens (subject to exceptions substantially consistent with the indenture governing the Senior Notes), changes in line of business, incurrence of "layering" indebtedness, and disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of WeWork Companies LLC. 
 Certain of our outstanding letters of credit under the Senior LC Tranche include annual renewal provisions under which the issuing banks can elect not to renew a letter of credit if the next annual renewal extends the LC period beyond March 14, 2025, the current termination date of the Senior LC Tranche. If a letter of credit is not renewed, the landlord may elect to draw the existing letter of credit before it expires, in which case either WeWork or SVF II would be obligated to repay the issuing bank immediately (after application of any Cash Collateral as defined in and pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement). The Company intends to extend the maturity of the Senior LC Tranche such that there are no material payments under these renewal provisions. The Company has not yet agreed to any final terms for any such extension and its execution and terms are uncertain and subject to change. The Company cannot give any assurances that any such extension will be completed on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 The reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche (i) are secured, and therefore effectively senior in right of payment with the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, and any existing and 
 204 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million (as discussed in Note 17), the implied interest rate for the Company on the 2020 LC Facility at issuance, assuming the full commitment is drawn, is approximately . 
 The Reimbursement Agreement 
 In connection with entry into the Credit Agreement, WeWork Companies LLC also entered into a reimbursement agreement, dated as of February 10, 2020 (as amended, the "Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement"), with SBG pursuant to which (i) SBG agreed to pay substantially all of the fees and expenses payable in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the Company agreed to reimburse SBG for certain of such fees and expenses (including fronting fees up to an amount of on the undrawn and unexpired amount of the letters of credit, plus any fronting fees in excess of on the undrawn and unexpired amount of the letters of credit) as well as to pay SBG a fee of on the amount of all outstanding letters of credit and (iii) the Guarantors agreed to guarantee the obligations of WeWork Companies LLC under the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement. 
 In December 2021, the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement was amended following the entry into the Amended Credit Support Letter to, among other things, change the fees payable by WeWork Companies LLC to SBG to (i) of the face amount of letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement (drawn and undrawn), payable quarterly in arrears, plus (ii) the amount of any issuance fees payable on the outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement, which as of December 31, 2021, was equal to of the face amount of letters of credit issued under the Senior LC Facility (drawn and undrawn). In May 2022, in connection with the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement was amended to clarify that the payment obligations of certain fees and expenses in respect of the Junior LC Tranche related to the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement are the responsibility of the Company and not SBG, as described above. 
 In December 2022, the Company, SBG and SVF II entered into an Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement (as further amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the "A R Reimbursement Agreement"), which amended and restated the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement, to, among other things, (i) substitute SVF II instead of SBG with respect to the Senior LC Tranche, (ii) retain SBG's role with respect to the Junior LC Tranche and (iii) amend the fees payable by the Company such that no fees will be owed to SVF II in respect of the senior letter of credit issued through February 10, 2024 and thereafter fees will accrue at of the face amount of the Senior LC Tranche, compounding quarterly and payable at the earlier of March 14, 2025 and termination or acceleration of the Senior LC Tranche. 
 In February 2023, the Company, SBG and SVF II entered into the First Amendment to the A R Reimbursement Agreement to, among other things, substitute SVF II instead of SBG with respect to the Junior LC Tranche and adjust the Company's reimbursement rights and obligations to each party accordingly. In addition the amendment modified the fees payable by the Company under the A R Reimbursement Agreement, such that no fee would be owed to SVF II in respect of the Junior LC Tranche through November 30, 2023 and thereafter fees would accrue at of the aggregate reimbursement obligations thereunder, compounding quarterly and payable at the earlier of March 7, 2025 and termination or acceleration of the Junior LC Tranche. 
 205 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million, million, and million, respectively, in interest expense in connection with amounts payable to SBG pursuant to the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement. 
 LC Debt Facility In May 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with a third party to raise up to million of cash secured by one or more letters of credit issued pursuant to the 2020 LC Facility (the LC Debt Facility ). The third party has the ability to issue a series of discount notes to investors of varying short term (one- to six- month) maturities and made a matching discount loan to the Company. The Company will pay the issuance fee on the letter of credit, the fronting fee on the letter of credit and the interest on the discount note which will be set with each note issuance. In September 2021, the Company repaid the initial LC Debt Facility and accrued interest totaling million and entered into a new LC Debt Facility. In October 2021, the Company repaid the second LC Debt Facility and accrued interest totaling million. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the LC Debt Facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had capitalized a total of million in debt issuance costs, as the nonrefundable engagement fee, which will be amortized until February 10, 2023. Such costs were capitalized as deferred financing costs and included as a component of other assets, net of accumulated amortization totaling million as of December 31, 2022 on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of interest expense relating to the amortization of these costs. 
 Construction Commitments In the ordinary course of its business, the Company enters into certain agreements to purchase construction and related contracting services related to the build-outs of the Company s operating locations that are enforceable and legally binding, and that specify all significant terms and the approximate timing of the purchase transaction. The Company s purchase orders are based on current needs and are fulfilled by the vendors as needed in accordance with the Company s construction schedule. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had issued approximately million and million, respectively, in such outstanding construction commitments. 
 Legal Matters The Company has in the past been, is currently and expects to continue in the future to be a party to or involved in pre-litigation disputes, individual actions, putative class actions or other collective actions, U.S. and foreign government regulatory inquiries and investigations and various other legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business, including with members, employees, landlords and other commercial partners, securityholders, third-party license holders, competitors, government agencies and regulatory agencies, among others. 
 The Company reviews its litigation-related reserves regularly and, in accordance with GAAP, sets reserves where a loss is probable and estimable. The Company adjusts these reserves as appropriate; however, due to the unpredictable nature and timing of litigation, the ultimate loss associated with a given matter could significantly exceed the litigation reserve currently set by the Company. Given the information it has as of today, management believes that none of these matters will have a material effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company is also party to several litigation matters and regulatory matters not in the ordinary course of business. Some of these more significant matters are described below. Management intends to vigorously defend these cases and cooperate with regulators in these matters; however, there is a reasonable possibility that the Company could be unsuccessful in defending these claims and could incur losses. It is not currently possible to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss above the aggregated reserves. 
 Carter v. Neumann, et al. (Superior Court for the State of California, County of San Francisco, No. CGC-19-580474, filed January 10, 2020, replacing Natalie Sojka as plaintiff in the putative class action Ms. Sojka filed on November 4, 2019) 
 206 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million and million, respectively. The current portion of asset retirement obligations are included within other current liabilities and the non-current portion are included within other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Liabilities incurred in the current period Liabilities settled in the current period ) ) Accretion of liability Revisions in estimated cash flows Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Balance at end of period Less: Current portion of asset retirement obligations ) ) Total non-current portion of asset retirement obligations 
 207 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenue Current lease obligations Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term lease obligations Senior Notes 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Expenses: Total expenses Interest expense Gain (loss) from change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) 
 Sound Ventures 
 In June 2021, the Company sold its interest in Sound Ventures II, LLC to a SoftBank affiliate, SB Fast Holdings (Cayman) Limited ("Buyer"), for total consideration of million. The Buyer also assumed the Company's remaining capital commitments of million. In connection with the sale, an amendment was made to the original profit sharing arrangement ("PSA") resulting from the sale of the Creator Fund to Softbank in 2020. The PSA was updated to reflect the additional capital commitment to Sound Ventures of million (equal to the million purchase price and contributed capital already funded and million in unfunded commitments assumed by the Buyer). As such, the Company will be entitled to of profits on the sale of underlying portfolio investments in the Creator Fund of over million. 
 208 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 and common shares of IndiaCo, respectively, representing an ownership interest in IndiaCo of approximately . The carrying value of the Company's ownership interest in IndiaCo is accounted for as an equity method investment and is considered a related party upon conversion. 
 In December 2022, the Company pledged of its shares of IndiaCo, representing of the securities issued by IndiaCo on a fully diluted basis, as collateral for IndiaCo to enter into a debenture trust deed to borrow up to INR billion (approximately million as of December 31, 2022). The Company has recognized this share pledge at a fair value of million and is included as a component of other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 18 for details on the fair value of the share pledge. 
 IndiaCo constructs and operates workspace locations in India using WeWork s branding, advice, and sales model. Per the terms of an agreement, the Company will also receive a management fee from IndiaCo. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million and million of management fee income from IndiaCo, respectively. 
 Subsequent to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation, the Company is entitled to certain transition services fees equal to million for transition services provided from October 2, 2020 through December 31, 2020 and the lesser of million per month or the actual costs of services provided for the following three month period. 
 The Company is also entitled to an annual management fee of of net revenues beginning on the later of 2022 or the first fiscal year following the Initial Investment Closing in which EBIT of ChinaCo is positive (the "ChinaCo Management Fee"). The Company is also entitled to an additional million in fees in connection with data migration and application integration services that were performed over a six month period beginning on October 2, 2020. These data migration and application integration fees are only payable on the first date the ChinaCo Management Fee becomes payable, and is recognized in Accounts receivable and accrued revenue on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Subsequent to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation, the Company has also continued to provide a guarantee to certain landlords of ChinaCo, guaranteeing total lease obligations up to million as of December 31, 2022. The Company is entitled to a fee totaling approximately million per year for providing such guarantees, until such guarantees are extinguished. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded , million and million, respectively, of total fee income for services provided to ChinaCo, included within service revenue as a component of total revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. All amounts earned from ChinaCo prior to the ChinaCo Deconsolidation are eliminated in consolidation. 
 Creator Fund 
 In September 2020, in connection with the transfer of the Company's variable interest and control over the Creator Fund to an affiliate of SBG described in Note 10, the production services agreement was terminated and the parties agreed that the Company would not be required to reimburse an affiliate of SBG for the million of deferred revenue. As SBG is a principal shareholder of the Company, the forgiveness of this reimbursement obligation was accounted for as a capital contribution and reclassified from liabilities to additional paid-in-capital during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 209 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million in debt. 
 Non-Compete Agreement 
 During the year ended December 31, 2019, an affiliate of SBG entered into a non-compete agreement with Mr. Neumann for a cash payment of million, of which was paid initially, with the remaining payable in twelve equal monthly installments. During 2019, the Company recorded this as an expense of the Company to be paid for by a principal shareholder as the Company also benefited from the arrangement through restricting Mr. Neumann's ability to provide similar services to a competing organization. The Company recognized the expense in full during 2019, with a corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital, representing a deemed capital contribution by SBG. The expense is included as a component of restructuring and other related costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In connection with his separation, the Company agreed to reimburse Mr. Neumann for legal expenses incurred. The Company recorded million within restructuring and other related costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations during 2019 and a corresponding liability of million included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019. The Company paid for the legal expenses during the year ended December 31, 2020. Also in connection with his separation agreement, the Company agreed to provide Mr. Neumann, at the Company's cost, with the continuation of his family healthcare benefits through October 2020, security services through October 2020 and use of a WeWork office through February 2021. 
 Tender Offer and Settlement Agreement 
 On April 7, 2020, the Special Committee, acting in the name of Legacy WeWork, filed a complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against SBG and SoftBank Vision Fund asserting claims in relation to SBG s withdrawal of the 2020 Tender Offer. Separately, on May 4, 2020, Mr. Neumann filed a complaint captioned Neumann, et al. v. SoftBank Group Corp., et al., C.A. No. 2020-0329-AGB, also asserting claims in relation to SBG's withdrawal of the 2020 Tender Offer. On February 25, 2021, all parties entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement ), the terms of which, when completed, would resolve the litigation. On April 15, 2021, the parties filed a stipulation of dismissal dismissing with prejudice the claims brought by Legacy WeWork, and dismissing the action in its entirety. The Settlement Agreement provides for, among other things, the following: 
 The launch of a new tender offer . Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, SVF II completed a tender offer and acquired million of Legacy WeWork's equity securities (including certain equity awards, exercisable warrants, and convertible notes) from eligible equity holders of Legacy WeWork, at a price of per share (the 2021 Tender Offer ). Mr. Neumann, his affiliate We Holdings LLC, and certain of their related parties separately sold shares to SBG and its affiliates as describe below; therefore they were excluded from the 2021 Tender Offer and did not tender shares. As a result of the 2021 Tender Offer, which closed in April 2021, the Company recorded million of total expenses in its Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2021. Refer to Note 24 for more information. 
 Certain governance changes . The transactions contemplated by the Settlement Agreement also included the elimination of Legacy WeWork s multi-class voting structure. As a result of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Legacy WeWork and the transactions contemplated by the Settlement Agreement, on February 26, 2021, all of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock of Legacy WeWork automatically converted into shares of Class A common stock and the shares of Class C Common stock of Legacy WeWork now had vote per share, instead of (the Class B Conversion ). The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provided that if, following the Class B Conversion, new shares of Class B common 
 210 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million. No expense was recorded in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations as it does not benefit the Company. 
 Mr. Neumann sale of stock to SBG . In connection with the Settlement Agreement, SBG and its affiliates purchased shares of Class B common stock of Legacy WeWork from We Holdings LLC, which is Mr. Neumann's affiliated investment vehicle, at a price per share of , representing an aggregate purchase price of million. The Company recorded a million expense which represents the excess between the amount paid from a principal shareholder of Legacy WeWork to We Holdings LLC and the fair value of the stock purchased. The Company recognized the expense in restructuring and other related (gains) costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2021, with a corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital, representing a deemed capital contribution by SBG in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 5 for more information. 
 Mr. Neumann proxy changes . In connection with the Settlement Agreement, Mr. Neumann s proxy and future right to designate directors to WeWork's board of directors were eliminated. The Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement eliminated all proxies by Mr. Neumann in favor of WeWork's board of directors, eliminated Mr. Neumann s right to observe meetings of our board of directors and removed Mr. Neumann s future rights to designate directors to our board of directors (which would have been available to Mr. Neumann upon elimination of his financial obligations with and to SBG). Mr. Neumann's right to observe meetings of WeWork's board of directors was replaced by a new agreement, which provides that beginning on February 26, 2022, Mr. Neumann may designate himself or a representative to serve as an observer entitled to attend all meetings of WeWork's board of directors and certain committees thereof in a non-voting capacity. In the event that Mr. Neumann designates himself, SBG has the right following consultation with Mr. Neumann, to designate another individual to attend such meetings, and such individual shall be subject to SoftBank's approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Pursuant to this agreement, Mr. Neumann's right will terminate on the date on which Mr. Neumann ceases to beneficially own equity securities representing at least shares of WeWork Class A common stock (on an as-converted basis and as adjusted for stock splits, dividends and the like). 
 SBG proxy agreement . On February 26, 2021, we entered into a proxy agreement with SVF II which will allow SBG and its affiliates to continue to voluntarily limit the combined voting power of SBG and SVFE to less than . Pursuant to the proxy agreement, with respect to any shares of the Company s stock representing shares owned by SVF II that, when taken together with the voting power of all other shares of the Company s capital stock held by SBG and its affiliates (including SVFE) represent voting power of the Company in excess of , such shares held by SBG will be voted in the same proportion as shares of the Company s capital stock not owned by SBG or SVFE. 
 WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units amendments . In February 2021, in connection with the Settlement Agreement, the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units held by Mr. Neumann in the WeWork Partnership became fully vested and were amended to have a catch-up base amount of . The per unit distribution thresholds for the WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units were also amended to initially be . The distribution threshold was adjusted 
 211 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million of restructuring and other related (gains) costs in its Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2021. Subsequent to the Business Combination, Mr. Neumann converted vested WeWork Partnership Profits Interest Units into WeWork Partnership Class A common units. Refer to Note 10 for more information on the conversion to WeWork Partnership Class A common units. 
 Real Estate Transactions 
 The Company has several operating lease agreements for space in buildings owned by an entity in which the Company has an equity method investment through WeCap Investment Group. The WeCap Holdings Partnership sold its investment in DSQ, as discussed in Note 13, as of December 31, 2022. As a result the operating lease obligations related to DSQ are no longer with a related party. The Company has also entered into three separate operating lease agreements and one finance lease agreement for space in buildings that are partially owned by Mr. Neumann. Another shareholder of the Company is also a partial owner of the building in which the Company holds the finance lease. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has terminated all operating lease agreements in buildings that are partially owned by Mr. Neumann. 
 In February 2022, the remaining operating lease agreement in a building that is partially owned by Mr. Neumann was formally terminated upon receiving the necessary ordinary course approvals. The negotiations for the termination occurred in the ordinary course and on arms' length terms. The terms of termination included the tenant entity s release of million in unpaid tenant improvement allowances that had been held in escrow in exchange for the forgiveness of certain tenant responsibilities under the lease and the landlord entity s forgiveness of the remaining rent amounts then owed. As of December 31, 2021, the unpaid tenant improvement allowance was fully reserved in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Contractual obligation Tenant incentives received Finance Lease Agreement: Interest expense Contractual obligation Tenant incentives received WeCap Investment Group Operating Lease Agreements: Lease cost expense Contractual obligation Tenant incentives received 
 The Company's aggregate undiscounted fixed minimum lease cost payments and tenant lease incentive receivables for these leases as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 212 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 WeCap Investment Group Operating lease agreements 
 (1) The future minimum lease cost payments under these leases are inclusive of escalation clauses and exclusive of contingent rent payments. 
 Membership and Service Agreements 
 Other related parties (2) 
 Expenses: SBG (1) 
 Other related parties (2) 
 
 (1) SBG is a principal stockholder with representation on the Company's Board. SBG and its affiliates utilized WeWork space and services resulting in revenue. Additionally, the Company also agreed to reimburse SBG for all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the SoftBank Transactions in an aggregate amount up to million. In February 2022, in connection with the Company's contribution of its business in Costa Rica to LatamCo (as discussed in Note 10), SBG waived its right to be reimbursed by the Company for million of these obligations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made no additional payments on these obligations to SBG. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Accounts payable and accrued expenses included million and million, respectively, payable to SBG related primarily to these reimbursement obligations. In October 2022, an affiliate of SBG terminated its membership agreement effective December 2022 and agreed to pay the Company million in December 2022. The payment was received in December 2022 and included in revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) These related parties have significant influence over the Company through representation on the Company's Board or are vendors in which the Company has an equity method investment or other related party relationship. 

operating segment as the Chief Executive Officer, who is our CODM, reviews financial information, assesses the performance of the Company and makes decisions about allocating resources on a consolidated basis. 
 213 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 United Kingdom Japan Other foreign countries (1),(2) 
 Total revenue 
 United Kingdom Japan Other foreign countries (2) 
 Total property and equipment 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2020, includes million of revenue for Greater China related solely to the consolidated amounts of ChinaCo, which was deconsolidated on October 2, 2020. 
 (2) No individual countries exceed 10 of our revenues or property and equipment. 
 The Company's concentration in specific cities magnifies the risk to the Company of localized economic conditions in those cities or the surrounding regions. The majority of the Company's revenue is earned from locations in densely populated cities and as a result may be more susceptible to economic impacts as a result of COVID-19. 
 The majority of the Company's revenue is earned from locations in the United States and United Kingdom. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately , and , respectively, of the Company's revenue was earned in the United States and approximately , and , respectively, of the Company's revenue was earned in the United Kingdom. The majority of the Company's 2022 revenue from locations in the United States was generated from locations in greater New York City, San Francisco, and Boston markets. In the United Kingdom, of 2022 revenues and of the Company's property and equipment are related to WeWork locations in the greater London area. In the United States, the Company generally uses metropolitan statistical areas (as defined by the United States Census Bureau) to define its greater metropolitan markets. The nearest equivalent is used internationally. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company had no single member that accounted for greater than 10 of the Company's total revenue. 
 Although the Company deposits its cash with multiple high credit quality financial institutions, its deposits, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company believes no significant concentration risk exists with respect to its cash and cash equivalents. 
 214 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million of Secured Notes to SVF II under the Secured NPA. See Note 17 and Note 26 for additional details. 
 In February 2023, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to extend the maturity of the Junior LC Tranche from November 2023 to March 2025 and increased the facility from million to million. See Note 17 and Note 26 for additional details. 
 In March 2023, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, including the Issuers, entered into a transaction support agreement (the Transaction Support Agreement ), a backstop commitment agreement, a securities purchase and commitment agreement and certain other support agreements (collectively, the Transactions Agreements relating to a series of contractually committed comprehensive Transactions with an ad hoc group (the Ad Hoc Group of holders of Senior Notes and Senior Notes, Series II, SBG and certain affiliates thereof, a third party investor and certain other parties thereto, as applicable. 
 Pursuant to the Transactions Agreements, the applicable parties have agreed to support, approve, implement and enter into definitive documents covering the following transactions, among other things (collectively, the Transactions ): 
 certain offers to exchange, and related consent solicitations with respect to, all of the outstanding Senior Notes and Senior Notes, Series II, for a combination of newly issued Second Lien Senior Secured PIK Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable in cash and by increasing the outstanding principal amount thereof PIK )) of the Issuers (the New Second Lien Notes ), Third Lien Senior Secured PIK Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable in PIK only) of the Issuers (the New Third Lien Notes and shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, and concurrently issue million in aggregate principal amount of First Lien Senior Secured PIK Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable in cash and in PIK) of the Issuers (the New First Lien Notes in connection with the exchange offers, which amount will be backstopped by the Ad Hoc Group in exchange for a million backstop fee payable in the form of additional New First Lien Notes; 
 the exchange of all of the outstanding Senior Notes, Series I, held by StarBright WW LP (or any affiliate to which StarBright WW LP transfers its Senior Notes, Series I) (a "SoftBank Noteholder") for a combination of newly issued Second Lien Senior Secured PIK Exchangeable Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable in cash and in PIK) of the Issuers (the New Second Lien Exchangeable Notes ), Third Lien Senior Secured PIK Exchangeable Notes due 2027 (with interest per annum payable in PIK only) of the Issuers (the New Third Lien Exchangeable Notes and shares of Class A Common Stock; 
 the rollover of million of the million commitment from SVF II under the Secured NPA to purchase Secured Notes, including million in aggregate principal amount of Secured Notes currently outstanding, into million of New First Lien Notes, which, at the Company s option, would be issued to SVF II in full and outstanding at the closing of the Transactions or issuable to SVF II from time to time in whole or in part pursuant to a new note purchase agreement (the SoftBank Delayed Draw Notes ), subject to a fee on up to million in aggregate principal amount of New First Lien Notes outstanding and held by SVF II in excess of million in the form of additional New First Lien Notes. In addition, during the period from the entry into the Transaction Support Agreement to the closing of the Transactions , the Company may draw upon the remaining million in aggregate principal of Secured Notes, each draw subject to the 
 215 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 million which may be made no earlier than April 1, 2023; (ii) a subsequent draw request of no more than million which may be made no earlier than May 1, 2023; (iii) another subsequent draw request of no more than million which may be made no earlier than June 1, 2023; and if applicable, (iv) a draw request of million thereafter ; and 
 the issuance of million shares of Class A Common Stock in a private placement at a purchase price of per share at closing of the Transactions and up to million of New First Lien Notes issuable from time to time at the Company s option pursuant to a new note purchase agreement to a third party investor (the Third Party Delayed Draw Notes ), subject to a fee on up to million in aggregate principal amount of New First Lien Notes outstanding and held by the Third Party Investor in excess of million in the form of additional New First Lien Notes. Any draw request by the Company under the SoftBank Delayed Draw Notes and the Third Party Investor Delayed Draw Notes shall be made as follows: (i) the first million under the SoftBank Delayed Draw Notes and the first million under the Third Party Investor Delayed Draw Notes shall be drawn ratably; and (ii) the final million under each of the SoftBank Delayed Draw Notes and the Third Party Investor Delayed Draw Notes shall be drawn ratably. 
 Closing of any Transaction pursuant to the Transaction Support Agreement is subject to, and conditioned upon, closing of all of the other Transactions as well as receipt of certain stockholder approvals with respect to the Transactions (the Stockholder Approvals ). In connection with the entry into the Transaction Support Agreement, the Company and certain stockholders of the Company entered into support agreements pursuant to which each such stockholder has agreed, among other things, to vote all of its shares of Class A Common Stock in favor of the Stockholder Approvals. Management has determined that such approvals obtained in connection with the execution of the Transactions Agreements are sufficient to ensure the closing of the Transactions. 
 
 216 

Table of Contents 
 WEWORK INC. 
 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
 CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (UNAUDITED) 

As a result of various legal reorganization transactions undertaken in July 2019 as discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, The We Company became the holding company of our business, and the then-stockholders of WeWork Companies Inc. (our predecessor for financial reporting purposes) became the stockholders of The We Company. Effective October 14, 2020, The We Company changed its legal name to WeWork Inc. ("Legacy WeWork"). 
 On October 20, 2021 (the Closing Date ), the Company (which was formerly known as BowX Acquisition Corp. Legacy BowX )) consummated its previously announced business combination pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 25, 2021 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Legacy BowX, a subsidiary of Legacy BowX, and Legacy WeWork. As contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (1) the subsidiary of Legacy BowX merged with and into Legacy WeWork, with Legacy WeWork surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy BowX, and (2) immediately thereafter, Legacy WeWork merged with and into another subsidiary of Legacy BowX (such mergers and collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ). In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Legacy BowX changed its name to WeWork Inc. 
 The Company holds an indirect general partner interest and indirect limited partner interests in The We Company Management Holdings L.P. (the WeWork Partnership ). The WeWork Partnership owns 100 of the equity in WeWork Companies LLC. The Company, through the WeWork Partnership and WeWork Companies LLC, holds all the assets held by WeWork Companies Inc. prior to the July 2019 legal entity reorganization and is subject to all the liabilities to which WeWork Companies Inc. was subject prior to the 2019 legal entity reorganization. 
 The following Consolidating Financial Statements present the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of (i) WeWork Companies LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries, (ii) WeWork Inc. as a standalone legal entity, (iii) "Other Subsidiaries", other than WeWork Companies LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries, which are direct or indirect owners of WeWork Companies LLC, including but not limited to the WeWork Partnership, presented on a combined basis and (iv) the eliminations necessary to arrive at the information for WeWork Inc. on a consolidated basis. 
 The legal entity reorganization was accounted for as a transfer among entities under common control and the assets and liabilities transferred are recorded based on historical cost and the Consolidating Financial Statements including periods prior to the reorganization are presented as if the transfer occurred at the beginning of the periods presented. Investments in consolidated subsidiaries are presented under the equity method of accounting. 
 WeWork Inc. and the Other Subsidiaries are holding companies that conduct substantially all of their business operations through WeWork Companies LLC. As of December 31, 2022, based on the covenants and other restrictions of the Credit Agreement and the indentures governing the Company's notes, WeWork Companies LLC is restricted in its ability to transfer funds by loans, advances or dividends to WeWork Inc. and as a result, all of the net assets of WeWork Companies LLC are considered restricted net assets of WeWork Inc. 
 
 217 

Table of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in millions) WeWork Companies LLC Subsidiaries (Consolidated) WeWork Inc. (Standalone) 
 Other Subsidiaries (Combined) Eliminations WeWork Inc. Consolidated 
 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 277 10 287 Accounts receivable and accrued revenue, net 109 109 Prepaid expenses 134 1 3 138 Other current assets 155 155 Total current assets 675 1 13 689 Investments in and advances to/(from) consolidated subsidiaries (20) (3,667) (3,521) 7,208 Property and equipment, net 4,391 4,391 Lease right-of-use assets, net 11,243 11,243 Equity method and other investments 63 63 Goodwill and intangible assets, net 737 737 Other assets 740 740 Total assets 17,829 (3,666) (3,508) 7,208 17,863 Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses 514 3 9 526 Members service retainers 445 445 Deferred revenue 151 151 Current lease obligations 936 936 Other current liabilities 172 172 Total current liabilities 2,218 3 9 2,230 Long-term lease obligations 15,598 15,598 5.00 Senior Notes 2,200 2,200 Warrant liabilities, net 1 1 Long-term debt, net 1,008 1,008 Other liabilities 281 281 Total liabilities 21,305 4 9 21,318 Redeemable noncontrolling interests (20) (20) Equity Total WeWork Inc. shareholders' equity (deficit) 
 (3,521) (3,670) (3,687) 7,208 (3,670) Noncontrolling interests 65 170 235 Total equity (deficit) (3,456) (3,670) (3,517) 7,208 (3,435) Total liabilities and equity 17,829 (3,666) (3,508) 7,208 17,863 
 
 218 

Table of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in millions) WeWork Companies LLC Subsidiaries (Consolidated) WeWork Inc. (Standalone) 
 Other Subsidiaries (Combined) Eliminations WeWork Inc. Consolidated 
 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 628 46 250 924 Accounts receivable and accrued revenue, net 130 130 Prepaid expenses 180 180 Other current assets 238 238 Total current assets 1,176 46 250 1,472 Investments in and advances to/(from) consolidated subsidiaries 31 (1,911) (1,896) 3,776 Property and equipment, net 5,374 5,374 Lease right-of-use assets, net 13,052 13,052 Equity method and other investments 200 200 Goodwill and intangible assets, net 734 734 Other assets 924 924 Total assets 21,491 (1,865) (1,646) 3,776 21,756 Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses 606 1 14 621 Members service retainers 421 421 Deferred revenue 120 120 Current lease obligations 893 893 Other current liabilities 78 78 Total current liabilities 2,118 1 14 2,133 Long-term lease obligations 17,926 17,926 5.00 Senior Notes 2,200 2,200 Warrant liabilities, net 16 16 Long-term debt, net 666 666 Other liabilities 228 228 Total liabilities 23,138 17 14 23,169 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 36 36 Equity Total WeWork Inc. shareholders' equity (deficit) 
 (1,896) (1,882) (1,880) 3,776 (1,882) Noncontrolling interests 213 220 433 Total equity (deficit) (1,683) (1,882) (1,660) 3,776 (1,449) Total liabilities and equity 21,491 (1,865) (1,646) 3,776 21,756 

219 

Table of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in millions) WeWork Companies LLC Subsidiaries (Consolidated) WeWork Inc. (Standalone) 
 Other Subsidiaries (Combined) Eliminations WeWork Inc. Consolidated 
 Revenue 3,245 3,245 Expenses: Location operating expenses 2,914 2,914 Pre-opening location expenses 121 121 Selling, general and administrative expenses 736 (1) 735 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs (200) (200) Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 625 625 Depreciation and amortization 641 641 Total expenses 4,837 (1) 4,836 Loss from operations (1,592) 1 (1,591) Interest and other income (expense), net: Equity income (loss) from consolidated subsidiaries (2,046) (2,101) 4,147 Income (loss) from equity method and other investments (17) (17) Interest expense (516) (516) Interest income 9 9 Foreign currency gain (loss) (185) (185) Gain (loss) from change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 11 11 Total interest and other income (expense), net (709) (2,035) (2,101) 4,147 (698) Pre-tax loss (2,301) (2,034) (2,101) 4,147 (2,289) Income tax benefit (provision) (6) (6) Net loss (2,307) (2,034) (2,101) 4,147 (2,295) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Redeemable noncontrolling interests mezzanine 54 54 Noncontrolling interest equity 152 55 207 Net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. 
 (2,101) (2,034) (2,046) 4,147 (2,034) 

220 

Table of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (UNAUDITED) 

(Amounts in millions) WeWork Companies LLC Subsidiaries (Consolidated) WeWork Inc. (Standalone) 
 Other Subsidiaries (Combined) Eliminations WeWork Inc. Consolidated 
 Revenue 2,570 2,570 Expenses: Location operating expenses 3,085 3,085 Pre-opening location expenses 159 159 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,009 2 1,011 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs 434 434 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 870 870 Depreciation and amortization 709 709 Total expenses 6,266 2 6,268 Income (loss) from operations (3,696) (2) (3,698) Interest and other income (expense), net: Equity income (loss) from consolidated subsidiaries (4,441) (4,111) 8,552 Income (loss) from equity method and other investments (18) (18) Interest expense (455) (455) Interest income 19 19 Foreign currency gain (loss) (134) (134) Gain (loss) from change in fair value of related party financial instruments 2 (345) (343) Total interest and other income (expense), net (588) (4,439) (4,456) 8,552 (931) Pre-tax loss (4,284) (4,439) (4,458) 8,552 (4,629) Income tax benefit (provision) (3) (3) Net loss (4,287) (4,439) (4,458) 8,552 (4,632) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Redeemable noncontrolling interests mezzanine 139 139 Noncontrolling interest equity 38 16 54 Net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. (4,110) (4,439) (4,442) 8,552 (4,439) 

221 

Table of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2020 
 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in millions) WeWork Companies LLC Subsidiaries (Consolidated) WeWork Inc. (Standalone) 
 Other Subsidiaries (Combined) Eliminations WeWork Inc. Consolidated 
 Revenue 3,416 3,416 Expenses: Location operating expenses 3,543 3,543 Pre-opening location expenses 273 273 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,605 1,605 Restructuring and other related (gains) costs 207 207 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 1,409 (53) 1,356 Depreciation and amortization 779 779 Total expenses 7,816 (53) 7,763 Income (loss) from operations (4,400) 53 (4,347) Interest and other income (expense), net: Equity income (loss) from consolidated subsidiaries (3,949) (4,003) 7,952 Income (loss) from equity method and other investments (45) (45) Interest expense (331) (331) Interest income 17 17 Foreign currency gain (loss) 149 149 Gain (loss) from change in fair value of related party financial instruments 820 820 Foreign currency gain (loss) (77) (77) Total interest and other income (expense), net (287) (3,129) (4,003) 7,952 533 Pre-tax loss (4,687) (3,129) (3,950) 7,952 (3,814) Income tax benefit (provision) (20) (20) Net loss (4,707) (3,129) (3,950) 7,952 (3,834) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Redeemable noncontrolling interests mezzanine 676 676 Noncontrolling interest equity 29 29 Net loss attributable to WeWork Inc. (4,002) (3,129) (3,950) 7,952 (3,129) 
 222 

Table of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (UNAUDITED) 

(Amounts in millions) WeWork Companies LLC Subsidiaries (Consolidated) WeWork Inc. (Standalone) 
 Other Subsidiaries (Combined) Eliminations WeWork Inc. Consolidated 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
 Net loss (2,307) (2,034) (2,101) 4,147 (2,295) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 641 641 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 625 625 Stock-based compensation expense 49 49 Non-cash interest expense 259 259 Equity income (loss) from consolidated subsidiaries 
 2,046 2,101 (4,147) Foreign currency (gain) loss 185 185 Other non-cash operating expenses 68 (11) 57 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 1,265 1,265 Current and long-term lease obligations 
 (1,584) (1,584) Accounts receivable and accrued revenue 
 4 4 Other assets 112 112 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 (93) 2 1 (90) Deferred revenue 36 36 Other liabilities 3 3 Advances to/from consolidated subsidiaries 
 292 (51) (241) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (445) (48) (240) (733) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software (338) (338) Proceeds from asset divestitures and sale of investments, net of cash divested 42 42 Other investing 2 2 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (294) (294) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from Business Combination and PIPE financing, net of issuance costs paid Proceeds from unsecured related party debt Proceeds from issuance of debt 351 351 Repayments of debt (6) (6) Distribution to noncontrolling interests (3) (3) Issuance of noncontrolling interests 32 32 Additions to members service retainers 427 427 Refunds of members service retainers (370) (370) Other financing (37) 3 (34) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 394 3 397 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (6) (6) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (351) (45) (240) (636) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period 640 45 250 935 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period 289 10 299 
 223 

Table of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in millions) WeWork Companies LLC Subsidiaries (Consolidated) WeWork Inc. (Standalone) Other Subsidiaries (Combined) Eliminations WeWork Inc. Consolidated Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
 Net loss (4,287) (4,439) (4,458) 8,552 (4,632) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 709 709 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 870 870 Stock-based compensation expense 214 214 Non-cash interest expense 210 210 Equity income (loss) from consolidated subsidiaries 
 4,441 4,111 (8,552) Foreign currency (gain) loss 134 134 Other non-cash operating expenses 462 (2) 345 0 805 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 1,450 1,450 Current and long-term lease obligations 
 (1,607) (1,607) Accounts receivable and accrued revenue 
 24 24 Other assets (76) (76) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 78 1 (11) 68 Deferred revenue (53) (53) Other liabilities (28) (28) Advances to/from consolidated subsidiaries 
 885 (1,146) 261 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (1,015) (1,145) 248 (1,912) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software (337) (337) Proceeds from asset divestitures and sale of investments, net of cash divested 
 11 11 Other investing (21) (21) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (347) (347) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from Business Combination and PIPE financing, net of issuance costs paid 1,209 1,209 Proceeds from unsecured related party debt 1,032 (32) 1,000 Proceeds from issuance of debt 708 708 Repayments of debt (713) (713) Issuance of noncontrolling interests 80 80 Additions to members service retainers 450 450 Refunds of members service retainers (374) (374) Other financing (37) 14 1 (22) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,146 1,191 1 2,338 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 2 2 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (214) 45 250 81 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period 854 854 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period 640 45 250 935 
 224 

Table of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 2020 
 (UNAUDITED) 

 (Amounts in millions) WeWork Companies LLC Subsidiaries (Consolidated) WeWork Inc. (Standalone) 
 Other Subsidiaries (Combined) Eliminations WeWork Inc. Consolidated 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
 Net loss (4,707) (3,129) (3,949) 7,951 (3,834) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 779 779 Impairment expense/(gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets 
 1,412 (53) 1,359 Stock-based compensation expense 63 63 Non-cash interest expense 172 172 Equity income (loss) from consolidated subsidiaries 
 3,949 4,002 (7,951) Foreign currency (gain) loss (149) (149) Other non-cash operating expenses 198 (820) (622) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 1,025 1,025 Current and long-term lease obligations 
 502 502 Accounts receivable and accrued revenue (33) (33) Other assets (28) (28) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 (99) (65) (164) Deferred revenue 33 33 Other liabilities 40 40 Advances to/from consolidated subsidiaries 
 (65) 65 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (857) (857) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software (1,464) (1,464) Proceeds from asset divestitures and sale of investments, net of cash divested 
 1,047 126 1,173 Other investing (27) (126) (153) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (444) (444) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from unsecured related party debt 1,200 1,200 Proceeds from issuance of debt 34 34 Repayments of debt (813) (813) Distribution to noncontrolling interests (320) (320) Issuance of noncontrolling interests 101 101 Additions to members service retainers 382 382 Refunds of members service retainers (576) (576) Other financing (55) (55) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (47) (47) Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 1 1 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,347) (1,347) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period 2,201 2,201 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period 854 854 
 225 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 For Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, see Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 226 

Table of Contents 

 Part III. 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 Management and Board of Directors 
 The following sets forth certain information, as of March 28, 2023, concerning our executive officers and directors. 
 Name Age Position 
 Alex Clavel 
 49 Director Bruce Dunlevie 
 66 Director Daniel Hurwitz 59 Director V ronique Laury 
 57 Director Sandeep Mathrani 
 60 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Deven Parekh 
 53 Director Vikas Parekh 40 Director Vivek Ranadiv 
 65 Director David Tolley 
 55 Director Susan Catalano 
 60 Chief People Officer 
 Andre Fernandez 
 54 Chief Financial Officer 
 Lauren Fritts 
 41 Chief Corporate Affairs Marketing Officer 
 Peter Greenspan 
 49 Global Head of Real Estate 
 Pam Swidler 40 Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, and Corporate Secretary Anthony Yazbeck 45 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Directors 
 Alex Clavel. Alex Clavel has served as a director of WeWork since August 2022. He is a member of the Executive Committee of SB Global Advisers ("SBGA") and the Chief Executive Officer of SoftBank Group International ("SBGI"). SBGA and SBGI are affiliated with SoftBank Group Corp. (together with its affiliates that hold securities of WeWork, SoftBank ), which is an affiliate of WeWork. He also serves as a director on various internal SoftBank and external portfolio company boards, including LDH Growth Corp. I and Levere Holdings Corp., and oversees the investment activities of SoftBank Vision Fund II and Latin America Fund as well as a portfolio of strategic and global assets. Mr. Clavel joined SoftBank in Tokyo in 2015 and is currently based in New York City. Prior to joining SoftBank, Mr. Clavel spent 19 years at Morgan Stanley in investment banking. He earned a Bachelor s degree from Princeton University and speaks French, Mandarin Chinese, and Japanese. He serves as a director of Prep for Prep and is a member of Princeton s National Annual Giving Committee. We believe Mr. Clavel is a valuable member of our Board given his executive management experience and strategic insights. 
 Bruce Dunlevie. Bruce Dunlevie has served as a director of WeWork since July 2012 and has served as our lead independent director since October 2021. Mr. Dunlevie is a seasoned veteran of venture capital with more than 30 years of experience in high-tech investing. He is a founding partner of Benchmark Capital, a venture capital firm, and has been a general partner of the firm since 1995. He currently also serves as Lead Independent director of One Medical Group, Inc., and has previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of ServiceSource International, Inc. and Marin Software Incorporated. Mr. Dunlevie earned a Bachelor of Arts in History and English from Rice University and a Master of Business Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. We believe Mr. Dunlevie s experience in venture capital and technology makes him a valuable member of our Board. 
 Daniel Hurwitz . Daniel Hurwitz has served as a director of WeWork since June 2022. He is the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Raider Hill Advisors, a private real estate investment and retail advisory firm, founded in 2015. Prior to founding Raider Hill Advisors, Mr. Hurwitz spent 16 years at DDR Corp. (now known as SITE Centers) from 1999 to 2015, serving in various executive roles including Chief 
 227 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officer. He currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Brixmor Property Group and Ideal Dental, and also serves as an advisor to the Board of Directors of Edens and ShopCore Properties. Mr. Hurwitz currently serves as Chairman Emeritus of the Colgate University Board of Trustees following his tenure as Board Chair. Previously, he served as Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Hawken School, a member of the Board of Trustees of the Hopkins School, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of International Council of Shopping Centers, Chair of the Leadership Board of Cleveland Clinic Neurological Institute, and as a member of the NAREIT Executive Board of Governors and Governance Committee. He was formerly a member of the Board of Directors of Boscov s Department Store, Inc., CubeSmart, DDR Corp., General Growth Properties Inc., Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Sonae Sierra Brasil, S.A., and retailer Diamonds Direct. Mr. Hurwitz is a graduate of Colgate University and the Wharton School of Business Management Program at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Hurwitz is a valuable member of our Board given his extensive financial expertise, leadership and business experience. 
 V ronique Laury. V ronique Laury has served as a director of WeWork since October 2021. She is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Weee Consulting. Prior to founding Weee Consulting in 2019, Ms. Laury served as the Chief Executive Officer of Kingfisher plc, an international home improvement company across Europe operating under several brands including: B Q, Castorama, Brico D p t, Screwfix and Ko ta . Ms. Laury spent over 16 years building her career at Kingfisher plc. Over the course of her career, Ms. Laury held several leadership roles including serving as Commercial Director at both B Q and Castorama, where she also served as Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Laury currently serves on the Board of Directors of Inter IKEA Holding B.V., Eczac ba , BIC, British American Tobacco, Tarkett and Sodexo. She also serves as a member of the Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee at Eczac ba , the ESG Committee at Tarkett and the Audit Committee at Sodexo. We believe Ms. Laury is a valuable member of our Board given her management experience and familiarity with ESG matters. 
 Sandeep Mathrani. Sandeep Mathrani, WeWork s Chief Executive Officer, has served as CEO and a director of WeWork since February 2020, and as Chairman of the Board since March 2022. Mr. Mathrani most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of Brookfield Properties Retail Group and Vice Chairman of Brookfield Properties from 2018 to 2020. Prior to that, he served as Chief Executive Officer of GGP Inc. for eight years, during which the company was recapitalized in November 2010, experienced eight years of growth, and in August 2018 was sold to Brookfield Property Partners. Prior to joining GGP in 2010, Mr. Mathrani was President of Retail for Vornado Realty Trust, where he oversaw the firm s U.S. retail real estate division and operations in India comprised principally of office properties. Before that, he spent eight years as Executive Vice President at Forest City Ratner, where he was tasked with starting and growing a new platform of retail properties across the five boroughs of New York City. Mr. Mathrani currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Dick s Sporting Goods, Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc., and Bowlero Corporation, and also serves on the Management Committee of WeWork Capital Advisors LLC. Previously, Mr. Mathrani served as a member of the Board of Directors of Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. and was the 2019 Chair of NAREIT. He also served on the Executive Board and Board of Trustees for the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC). Mr. Mathrani earned a Bachelor of Engineering, a Master of Engineering and a Master of Management Science from Stevens Institute of Technology. We believe Mr. Mathrani is a valuable member of our Board given his senior leadership and experience at various public and private companies, including his experience serving as our Chief Executive Officer and public company board service. 
 Deven Parekh. Deven Parekh has served as a director of WeWork since October 2021. He has served as Managing Director at Insight Partners since 2000. Mr. Parekh currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Appriss and EveryAction, and as a member of the Boards of Directors for Calm, Candy, Checkout.com, Chrono24, CoreLogic, Diligent, DistroKid, Ellkay, Fanatics, Gamma, IAD, PDI, TetraScience, Vinted, and Within3. Previously, he worked for Berenson Minella Company and The Blackstone Group. Mr. Parekh also serves as a member on the Board of Directors of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, the Board of Trustees of NYU Langone Health, and the Board of 
 228 

Table of Contents 

 Directors of the Tisch MS Research Center of New York. He was nominated by the President and confirmed by the U.S. Senate to serve on the Boards of the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation and of the agency s predecessor, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation Board. Mr. Parekh also served on the Advisory Board of the Export-Import Bank of the United States and was a member of the Technological Advisory Council of the Federal Communications Commission. He has previously served on the Board of Trustees and Executive Committee of the Ethical Culture Fieldston School, and is Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Publicolor. Mr. Parekh earned a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Parekh is a valuable member of our Board given his robust management experience, extensive investment experience and board service. 
 Vikas Parekh . Vikas J. Parekh has served as a director of WeWork since November 2022. He is currently a Managing Partner at SoftBank Investment Advisers ("SBIA") where he focuses on investing in enterprise software, robotics, automation, and other emerging technologies. SBIA is an affiliate of Softbank, which is an affiliate of WeWork. He serves as a director across multiple public and private company boards, including Symbotic, an American robotics warehouse automation company. Prior to joining SoftBank in 2016, Mr. Parekh worked in private equity at KKR, and Boston Consulting Group. He earned a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School where he was a George F. Baker Scholar, and a Master of Science and Bachelor of Science in Electrical Computer Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology. We believe Mr. Parekh is a valuable member of our Board given his investment experience. 
 Vivek Ranadiv . Vivek Ranadiv has served as a director of WeWork since October 2021. He previously served as the Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Legacy BowX and has served as the Founder and Managing Director of Bow Capital Management LLC and its affiliated funds since 2016. Mr. Ranadiv has been the owner and Chairman of the Sacramento Kings since 2013. Mr. Ranadiv first became involved with the NBA as Vice Chairman of the Golden State Warriors. He founded his first company, Teknekron Software Systems, Inc., in 1986 to develop and apply software to financial trading floors. After selling Teknekron to Reuters PLC in 1994, he went on to found and spin-out TIBCO Software Inc. as a separate company in 1997. TIBCO completed its initial public offering in 1999 and was subsequently sold to Vista Equity Partners in 2014 for 4.3 billion. As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ranadiv built TIBCO into a leading provider of middleware software that became the central data nervous system for many of the world s largest companies and government agencies. Mr. Ranadiv formerly served on the Boards of Directors of Nielsen, a global media company, and WebEx, a telecommunications company, prior to its sale to Cisco. Mr. Ranadiv holds a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Arts in Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School where he graduated as a Baker Scholar. We believe Mr. Ranadiv s distinguished executive leadership experience makes him a valuable member of our Board. 
 David Tolley. David Tolley has served as a director of WeWork since February 2023. He brings over 25 years of experience creating and executing strategies that increase corporate valuation, cash flow, and revenue. He most recently served as Chief Financial Officer at Intelsat S.A. from 2019 to 2022. Over the course of his career, Mr. Tolley has also served as Senior Advisor to Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners from 2016 to 2021 and Chief Financial Officer of OneWeb from 2017 to 2018. Mr. Tolley was also a private equity partner at Blackstone from 2000 to 2011, where he focused on satellite services, broadcasting and newspaper strategy and investments. He also served as a Vice President in the Investment Banking Division of Morgan Stanley from 1995 to 2000. Mr. Tolley previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of ExteNet Systems, Cumulus Media, Beechcraft, Gold Toe, Freedom Communications, Montecito Broadcast Group, New Skies Satellites, Centennial Communications, and currently serves on the Board of Directors of Digital Bridge Group Inc. and KVH Industries, Inc.. He holds a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics History from the University of Michigan. We believe Mr. Tolley s ample involvement in the financial services and investment banking industries makes him a valuable member of our Board. 
 229 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers 
 Susan Catalano. Susan Catalano was promoted to serve as WeWork s Chief People Officer in January 2022. Prior to her promotion, Ms. Catalano served as WeWork s Senior Vice President, Global Head of People and Head of People for the Americas Global Functions from June 2019 to January 2021. Prior to joining WeWork, Ms. Catalano spent over 20 years at Citigroup Inc. serving as Managing Director, Senior Human Resources Officer Global Head of Recruitment from 2009 to 2019; Managing Director, Chief Administrative Officer, HR Advisor HR Corporate Affairs from 2005 to 2009; and Managing Director, Divisional Director of HR from 1998 to 2004. Ms. Catalano also served as Senior Vice President of Recruitment at Salomon Smith Barney from 1997 to 1998 and currently serves as a Member of the Board of Trustees of Hofstra University. Ms. Catalano earned both a Bachelor's degree in Finance and a Master of Business Administration in Finance from Pace University's - Lubin School of Business. 
 Andre Fernandez. Andre J. Fernandez was appointed as WeWork s Chief Financial Officer in June 2022. Prior to joining WeWork, Mr. Fernandez served as Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer of NCR Corporation from 2018 to 2020, and as President Chief Executive Officer of CBS Radio Inc. from 2015 to 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Fernandez spent seven years at Journal Communications Inc. (2008 - 2015), serving in various roles including President Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Fernandez currently serves on the Board of Directors of FaZe Clan (Nasdaq: FAZE), a digital-native lifestyle and media platform rooted in gaming and youth culture, and also serves on its Compensation Committee. Previously, Mr. Fernandez served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Froedtert Health, and also served on the Boards of Buffalo Wild Wings Inc; the National Association of Broadcasters (NAB); Givewith; Bankroll Club LLC; Sachem Acquisition Corp.; and the Television Bureau of Advertising. He earned a Bachelor s degree in Economics from Harvard University. 
 Lauren Fritts. Lauren Fritts has served as WeWork s Chief Corporate Affairs and Marketing Officer since December 2021, a role in which she is responsible for directing WeWork s brand by leading the corporate communications, global public affairs, corporate social responsibility and global marketing functions. Prior to her promotion, Ms. Fritts served as WeWork s Chief Communications Officer from 2020 to 2021, Vice President of Public Affairs from 2018 to 2020 and Senior Director of Public Affairs from 2017 to 2018. Ms. Fritts has also worked in the public sector, serving as the Digital Director and Deputy Communications Director for Chris Christie during his term as the Governor of New Jersey and on his 2016 presidential campaign. Ms. Fritts began her career as a producer for Fox News Channel where she worked from 2004 to 2011. She earned a Bachelor of Arts in Communications from Fairfield University. 
 Peter Greenspan. Peter Greenspan has served as WeWork s Global Head of Real Estate since November 2018. Mr. Greenspan first joined WeWork in 2014, serving as WeWork s first real estate lawyer and was later promoted to serve as General Counsel from 2017 to 2018. Prior to joining WeWork, Mr. Greenspan spent nine years at NBCUniversal serving as Vice President of Corporate Transaction Law from 2010 to 2014, Senior Corporate Transactions Counsel from 2007 to 2010 and Corporate Transaction Counsel from 2005 to 2007. He began his legal career as an associate at Willkie Farr Gallagher LLP from 1999 to 2005. Mr. Greenspan earned a Bachelor s degree in Economics and Philosophy from The State University of New York at Binghamton and a Juris Doctorate from the New York University School of Law. 
 Pamela Swidler . Pam Swidler was promoted to serve as WeWork s Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary in February 2023. Prior to her promotion, Ms. Swidler served as WeWork s Senior Vice President, Head of Americas and International, Legal from July 2021 to February 2023, Global Head of Real Estate Legal from January 2020 to July 2021, Global Head of Real Estate Transactions and Special Counsel from December 2018 through January 2020, Regional General Counsel, Americas from March 2018 to December 2018 and various other legal roles since joining in March 2016, primarily serving as an adviser to WeWork's real estate function and Americas business. Ms. Swidler began her career as an associate at Kramer Levin Naftalis Frankel where she focused on complex commercial real estate matters for nine years. She earned a Bachelor s degree in Quantitative Economics from Tufts University and a Juris Doctorate from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law. 
 230 

Table of Contents 

 Anthony Yazbeck. Anthony Yazbeck was appointed as WeWork s President and Chief Operating Officer in July 2021. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Yazbeck served as WeWork s President Chief Operating Officer, International and WeWork s Chief Operating Officer of Europe, China Pacific for five years where he played a key role in scaling the European business and leading the transformation of the Company s operations in China. Before joining WeWork, Mr. Yazbeck had 13 years of experience in international operations including holding various positions at Rocket Internet SE (Vaniday), AOL and CROWN Holdings. Mr. Yazbeck founded two businesses, selling the first to Rocket Internet and starting the second in partnership with Rocket Internet. Prior to that, Mr. Yazbeck was part of the European leadership team at AOL that helped turn around and transform the business from one of the largest internet service providers into an online media and advertising business. AOL was later acquired by Verizon. Mr. Yazbeck earned a Bachelor s degree in Telecommunication from Institut National de la Communication et de l information, a Master s degree in Computer Engineering from ESME - Paris and a Masters of Business Administration from Universit Paris 1 Panth on-Sorbonne. 
 Corporate Governance 
 Composition of the Board of Directors 
 When considering whether directors and director nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to enable our board of directors to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of its business and structure, the board of directors focuses primarily on each person s background and experience as reflected in the information discussed in each of the directors individual biographies set forth above in order to provide an appropriate mix of experience and skills relevant to the size and nat ure of its business. 
 Director Independence 
 Our Board has determined that, applying the standards adopted by the NYSE, each of Bruce Dunlevie, Daniel Hurwitz, V ronique Laury, Deven Parekh, Vivek Ranadiv , and David Tolley is independent. Our Board has determined that each of Alex Clavel, Sandeep Mathrani and Vikas Parekh is not independent. Previously, our Board had determined that Jeffrey Sine, who served as a director prior to his resignation on June 23, 2022, was an independent director; and that each of Marcelo Claure, Michel Combes and Saurabh Jalan, who served as directors prior to their respective resignations in 2022, were not independent directors of the Company. 
 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 To support effective governance, our Board delegates certain of its responsibilities to committees. We have three standing Committees the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (each as described below) and may from time to time form other committees. The committee charter for each of the three standing Committees is available on the Investors section of our website, www.investors.wework.com. 
 The information on or available through such website is not deemed incorporated in this Form 10-K and does not form part of this Form 10-K. 
 Audit Committee 
 The Company s audit committee consists of V ronique Laury, Vivek Ranadiv and Daniel Hurwitz with Daniel Hurwitz serving as the chair of the committee. The board of directors determined that each of these individuals meets the independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and the applicable listing standards of the NYSE. Each member of WeWork s audit committee can read and understand fundamental financial statements in accordance with the NYSE audit committee requirements. In arriving at this determination, the board of directors examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of their prior and/or current employment. 
 231 

Table of Contents 

 The board of directors determined that Daniel Hurwitz qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and meets the financial sophistication requirements of the rules. In making this determination, the board considered Mr. Hurwitz s formal education and experience in financial and investment roles. Both WeWork s independent registered public accounting firm and management periodically meet privately with WeWork s audit committee. 
 The audit committee s responsibilities include, among other things: 
 appointing, compensating, retaining, evaluating, terminating and overseeing WeWork s independent registered public accounting firm; 
 discussing with WeWork s independent registered public accounting firm their independence from management; 
 reviewing with WeWork s independent registered public accounting firm the scope and results of their audit; 
 pre-approving all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by WeWork s independent registered public accounting firm; 
 overseeing the financial reporting process and discussing with management and WeWork s independent registered public accounting firm the interim and annual financial statements that WeWork files with the SEC; 
 reviewing and monitoring WeWork s accounting principles, accounting policies, financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 
 reviewing related party transactions; and 
 establishing procedures for the confidential anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. 
 Compensation Committee 
 The Company s compensation committee consists of Bruce Dunlevie, V ronique Laury and Deven Parekh with Deven Parekh serving as chair of the committee. 
 The compensation committee s responsibilities include, among other things: 
 annually reviewing and approving the individual and corporate goals and objectives for our executive officers other than WeWork's Chief Executive Officer and recommending such goals and objectives to the board of directors for the Chief Executive Officer; 
 establishing, reviewing, and approving salaries, bonuses, and other compensation for our executive officers other than WeWork's Chief Executive Officer and recommending such compensation to the board of directors for the Chief Executive Officer; 
 reviewing and approving executive compensation agreements and any material amendments other than for WeWork's Chief Executive Officer and recommending such agreements or amendments to the board of directors for the Chief Executive Officer; 
 reviewing and approving incentive compensation plans and grants for our executive officers other than WeWork's Chief Executive Officer and recommending such compensation to the board of directors for the Chief Executive Officer; 
 periodically reviewing our stock ownership guidelines and assessing compliance with such guidelines; 
 232 

Table of Contents 

 periodically reviewing and recommending to the board of directors the type and amount of compensation to be paid to directors; and 
 considering the results of stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation and the frequency of such votes. 
 Each of the members of the Compensation Committee (i) is independent within the meaning of applicable SEC rules and the corporate governance rules of the NYSE and (ii) is a non-employee director, as defined in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 The Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance committee consists of V ronique Laury, David Tolley and Vivek Ranadiv with V ronique Laury serving as chair of the committee. The board of directors determined that each of these individuals is independent as defined under the applicable listing standards of the NYSE and SEC rules and regulations. 
 The nominating and corporate governance committee s responsibilities include, among other things: 
 periodically reviewing, at least annually, WeWork's corporate governance guidelines and recommending changes as appropriate; 
 identifying, interviewing, and recruiting individuals to become members of the board of directors and evaluating the independence of each director and director candidate at least annually; 
 periodically reviewing and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding the size of the board of directors and of its committees; 
 evaluating and recommending to the board of directors at least annually each committee s composition; 
 overseeing the annual evaluation process for the board of directors and each committee; 
 overseeing WeWork's corporate responsibility initiatives and conducting a periodic review of matters related to environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters, including overall ESG strategy, stakeholder engagement and reporting, and sustainability initiatives; 
 considering stockholder proposals and recommending actions on such proposals; and 
 considering and approving requests by directors or officers to serve on boards of directors of other companies. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The WeWork Code of Conduct Ethics (the "code of ethics") applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics is available on our website, investors.wework.com. All legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our code of ethics are available on our website. The information on or available through our website is not deemed incorporated in this Form 10-K and does not form part of this Form 10-K. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations to us, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 all filing requirements applicable to the Company s officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners 
 233 

Table of Contents 

 pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were complied with, except that SVF Cayman was not timely in the filing of a Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4. 

Director Compensation 
 In 2022, WeWork continued to compensate its non-employee directors solely with restricted stock units RSUs ). Our non-employee director compensation program is designed to align our directors interests with those of our stockholders, while considering our peer group practices and conserving cash. 
 The Board determines the compensation of our non-employee directors after reviewing the Compensation Committee s recommendation. In 2021, the Board reviewed and approved the compensation program below for non-employee directors, as recommended by the Compensation Committee following a review of certain peer data regarding the amount and type of compensation awarded to non-employee directors at public companies of similar revenue and market capitalization and/or similar business focus in the real estate, hospitality or technology industries. We intend to periodically evaluate our director compensation program as part of our overall compensation strategy; in 2022, the Committee recommended, and the Board agreed, that no changes be made to the program. 
 Dollar Value of RSUs 
 Amount of RSUs for all Non-Employee Directors 
 250,000 Additional Amount of RSUs for Committee Service Audit Committee (Chair) 30,000 Audit Committee (Member) 12,500 Compensation Committee (Chair) 25,000 Compensation Committee (Member) 7,500 Nominating Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) 10,000 Nominating Corporate Governance Committee (Member) 
 5,000 Additional Amount of RSUs for Lead Independent Director 
 30,000 
 The number of RSUs granted equals (A) the aggregate dollar value divided by (B) the average closing price of the 10 trading days prior to (but not including) the grant date, rounded to the nearest whole number. With respect to RSUs granted in 2022, the grant date (A) for continuing directors, was the date of our 2022 annual shareholders meeting (May 18, 2022) and (B) for directors who joined our Board and/or a committee of the Board following May 18, 2022 was the date of the regularly scheduled Board meeting immediately following the date that the director joined our Board and/or the relevant committee. For new directors, the number of RSUs was also prorated based on the date that their service on the Board and/or relevant committee began. Each annual RSU award will vest on the day immediately prior to the next annual shareholders meeting, subject to continued service on the Board and/or the relevant committee through such date. 
 We do not pay meeting fees. We do offer reimbursements to our directors for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including travel and lodging, incurred in attending meetings of our Board and committees. 
 234 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each of our non-employee directors during 2022. 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Name 
 Stock Awards ) 1 
 Marcelo Claure (2)(3) 
 Alex Clavel (2) 
 Michel Combes (2)(3) 
 Bruce Dunlevie (2) 
 Daniel Hurwitz (4) 
 155,502 Saurabh Jalan (2)(3) 
 V ronique Laury 
 291,553 Deven Parekh 291,553 Vikas Parekh (2) 
 Vivek Ranadiv 
 278,538 Kirthiga Reddy (4) 
 263,514 Jeffrey Sine (5) 
 291,553 
 (1) The amounts reflect the grant date fair value of RSUs, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 based on the market price of the shares subject to the award on the date of grant. The awards will fully vest, subject to continued service as a director, on May 15, 2023 (that is, the day immediately prior to the 2023 annual shareholders meeting). (2) Messrs. Claure, Clavel, Combes, Jalan and Vikas Parekh as well as Mr. Dunlevie voluntarily waived their grants out of consideration that they are compensated as employees of our largest shareholder, SBG, with respect to the first group of non-employee directors and as an employee of Benchmark with respect to Mr. Dunlevie. (3) Messrs. Claure, Combes and Jalan resigned from the Board on February 2, 2022, August 9, 2022 and November 29, 2022, respectively, in connection with their departures from SoftBank Group Corp. (4) The amounts for Mr. Hurwitz and Ms. Reddy are prorated based on (A) Mr. Hurwitz s service on the Board and as chair of the Audit Committee as of June 23, 2022 and (B) Ms. Reddy s service on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of May 25, 2022. (5) Mr. Sine resigned from the Board on June 23, 2022 prior to the 2023 annual shareholders meeting and, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the award, his RSU grant was forfeited as of such date. 
 
 235 

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 The following discussion and analysis of our executive compensation philosophy, objectives, and design, our compensation-setting process, our executive compensation program components, and the decisions made for the 2022 compensation of our named executive officers ("NEOs") should be read together with the compensation tables and related disclosure below. The discussion in this section contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current considerations and expectations relating to our executive compensation programs and philosophy. As our business and our needs evolve, the actual amount and form of compensation and the compensation programs that we adopt may differ materially from current or planned programs as summarized in this section. 
 2022 Named Executive Officers 
 Name Title Sandeep Mathrani Chief Executive Officer and Director Andre Fernandez Chief Financial Officer Anthony Yazbeck President and Chief Operating Officer Jared DeMatteis Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary Susan Catalano Chief People Officer 
 As required by SEC rules, our NEOs also include Benjamin Dunham, who was our Chief Financial Officer until June 2022 when Mr. Fernandez joined WeWork. 
 Overview and Compensation Strategy 
 Sandeep Mathrani became CEO in 2020 and, under his leadership in 2021, WeWork successfully became a publicly listed company through the Business Combination. In 2022, Mr. Mathrani continued to shape a best-in-class management team by promoting Susan Catalano to Chief People Officer in January and hiring Andre Fernandez as Chief Financial Officer in June. 
 We continue to align our compensation program with the goal of attracting and retaining diverse and skilled talent in a highly-competitive global market, understanding that key talent is essential for achieving our goal of profitability and delivering long-term stockholder value. We strive to maintain a fair and transparent compensation program that provides competitive total compensation opportunities informed by the market, while also being tailored to account for the specific needs and responsibilities of each position. We also consider the unique qualifications of each NEO and their contributions to our business while requiring a shared accountability among the executive team (including the NEOs) for the Company s overall financial and non-financial performance. 
 Compensation Philosophy, Objectives, Governance 
 Philosophy 
 We are committed to designing our compensation program in line with those of leading multinational publicly traded companies, while retaining the flexibility to address our evolving business needs. Our goal is to provide a fair and competitive compensation framework that will attract, motivate, retain and reward the extraordinary talent we need to serve our members and deliver strong results to our stakeholders. Our cash bonus incentives and equity programs allow us to align the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders by rewarding the achievement of Company-wide metrics, as well as performance against individual goals where appropriate. 
 
 236 

Table of Contents 

 Objectives and Governance 
 Four principles form the foundation of our compensation philosophy, including our philosophy towards executive compensation: 
 Purposeful Be intentional about our compensation programs so that we can recruit, motivate, retain and reward the talent we need to drive our business over both the short- and long-term External Competitiveness 
 Align total compensation to comparable jobs within the relevant external labor market, while providing enough flexibility to attract and retain the best people Internal Comparability Ensure that similar jobs and similar performance are paid equitably across the Company Results Oriented Tie short and long-term rewards to our business goals and financial achievements thereby driving a performance-based culture and aligning the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders 
 The total compensation package for our NEOs consists primarily of base salary, annual cash bonus incentives, and long-term equity awards. We use base salaries to compensate NEOs for their day-to-day responsibilities at levels that we feel are necessary to attract and retain the highest level of executive talent. We believe that placing a strong emphasis on equity compensation and cash bonus incentives allows us to incentivize the achievement of Company goals, which aligns with our entrepreneurial spirit and incentivizes our NEOs to maximize long-term stockholder value by pursuing strategic opportunities that advance our mission, while embracing our Company values. 
 Our Compensation Committee regularly evaluates our executive compensation philosophy, program, and practices as we continue to look for ways to further evolve with the goals of attracting, motivating, retaining and rewarding key employees and executives critical to the ongoing success of our business, creating long-term stockholder value, and aligning pay with performance. The Compensation Committee also considers the evolving pay practices of other leading U.S. publicly-traded companies and pay governance trends. Because we operate in a dynamic and disruptive market, we believe it is important that the compensation structure we establish provides us an adequate level of agility to enable us to incentivize management to adjust priorities, harness innovation and remain competitive. 
 We have established a number of policies and practices, listed below, to support our compensation philosophy, improve our compensation governance, and drive performance that aligns executives and stockholders interests. 
 WHAT WE DO 
 Design our executive compensation program to recruit, motivate, retain and reward key employees and executives critical to the ongoing success of our business and the creation of long-term stockholder value, as well as to align pay with performance 
 With respect to pay for performance, on average , 71 of our NEOs target compensation was in the form of incentives (instead of fixed pay) 
 To promote alignment with stockholders, on average, approximat ely 57 of ou r NEOs incentives was in the form of time-based RSUs (instead of earned cash bonus) 
 Our executives participate in the same retirement and health and wellness plans as our broader employee population 
 237 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation Committee composed solely of independent directors makes all executive compensation decisions (other than with respect to the CEO s compensation, which is decided by the Board) 
 Review the Compensation Committee s charter on an annual basis 
 Hold an annual Say-on-Pay vote 
 Multi-year vesting for all equity awards 
 WHAT WE DON T DO 
 Allow hedging of WeWork stock by directors or employees 
 Allow pledging of WeWork stock by directors or employees for margin loans or similar speculative transactions 
 Provide executives with tax gross-ups, non-qualified retirement plans or excessive perquisites 
 Encourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking 
 Pay dividends on unvested equity awards 
 Single-trigger acceleration of cash bonus 
 Compensation-Setting Process 
 Our Compensation Committee oversees and administers our executive compensation program, including determining the overall design of the program, reviewing the individual and corporate goals and objectives applicable to the compensation of our NEOs, and determining the form and amount of compensation to be paid or awarded to each NEO other than the CEO. 
 In setting the form and amount of compensation to be paid to each NEO, the Compensation Committee (or the Board, for our CEO) reviews the total target compensation for our NEOs and considers their pay history as well as developments in compensation practices and governance trends. The Compensation Committee, together with the other independent directors of the Board, determine the CEO s compensation. 
 The Compensation Committee also considers other factors in making compensation determinations, including (but not limited to) impact and criticality to our strategy, scope of current responsibility, potential to take on future additional responsibility, individual performance and leadership, internal pay equity considerations, and market data for similarly situated executives at companies in our peer group described below. The Committee also considers the results of the advisory vote on the compensation of NEOs from the most recent Annual Meeting. At the 2022 Annual Meeting, 91.5 of our Class A common stock and Class C common stock (voting together as a single class) voted, on a non-binding advisory basis, in favor of the compensation of the Company s named executive officers for 2021. 
 Our CEO and Chief People Officer provide input to the Compensation Committee with respect to the individual performance and compensation of the NEOs (except that they do not provide input on their own compensation). While our CEO and Chief People Officer discuss their recommendations for the NEOs with the Compensation Committee, they do not participate in the deliberations or determination of their respective compensation. Our Compensation Committee also oversees our equity-based compensation plans and grants. 
 Role of External Compensation Consultants 
 In 2021, management engaged compensation consultant Semler Brossy to support the design of our compensation program, and Semler Brossy provided our Compensation Committee with market data for similarly situated executives at companies in the peer group described in our most recent proxy statement, filed April 7, 2022. While Semler Brossy was engaged by management, the Compensation Committee determined that Semler Brossy offered unique, well-rounded perspectives, and that the information it provided was aligned with the interests of the Company. 
 238 

Table of Contents 

 In September 2022, the Compensation Committee engaged an independent compensation consultant, Compensia, Inc. Compensia to provide advice regarding our executive compensation program and Compensia regularly attends the Compensation Committee's meetings. 
 Independence of Compensation Consultant 
 Our Compensation Committee determined that Compensia did not receive any fees from us or provide any services to us, except in its capacity as the compensation consultant to the Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee considered various other factors in determining Compensia s independence, including the existence of any business or personal relationship that could impact Compensia s independence. After reviewing the applicable SEC rules and the NYSE listing standards, our Compensation Committee determined that Compensia was independent and that the work performed by Compensia did not give rise to any conflicts of interest. 
 Use of Market Data 
 While the Compensation Committee does not establish compensation levels based solely on the review of market data, such data is presented to the Compensation Committee and is a useful input to our compensation policies and practices in order to attract and retain qualified employees. 
 Role of Compensation Peer Group 
 In November 2022, the Compensation Committee, with advice from and after discussions with Compensia, approved the below list of companies as the peer group for reference in making compensation decisions: 
 2022 Peer Group Airbnb Marriott International Anywhere Real Estate Newmark Group Boston Properties Opendoor Technologies Compass Peloton Interactive DigitalBridge Group Redfin Hilton Grand Vacations SL Green Realty Hilton Worldwide Holdings The Howard Hughes Host Hotels Resorts Travel + Leisure Co. Hyatt Hotels Vornado Realty Trust Jones Lang LaSalle Zillow Group Marcus Millichap 
 This peer group comprises a portfolio of companies that generally present similar business dynamics and challenges and/or companies with which we aggressively compete for talent and/or companies that have similar revenues, market capitalization and number of employees. While the Compensation Committee takes into account compensation practices of peer companies, the Compensation Committee uses this information as one of many factors in its deliberations on compensation matters and does not set compensation levels to meet specific percentiles. 
 Our Compensation Committee will continue to work with our CEO, Chief People Officer and our independent compensation consultant to position pay based on a variety of factors, including market data for executive compensation drawn from a peer group. 
 239 

Table of Contents 

 2022 Executive Compensation Program Key Components 1 
 The primary elements of our 2022 executive compensation program are summarized below. Overall, the Compensation Committee balanced various considerations in determining 2022 pay for the NEOs and the executive team. The Compensation Committee considered peer compensation data, company performance and individual performance in its determination of total compensation amounts for each executive. The Compensation Committee then considered the appropriate mix of cash compensation (salary and cash bonus) and equity-based awards, with the goal of motivating and retaining these NEOs while aligning their incentives with stockholder interests. A significant portion of their total compensation is linked to the value of our shares to ensure that the compensation package aligns over time with stockholder value creation. 
 Base Salary 
 WeWork provides a base salary as a fixed source of compensation for employees day-to-day responsibilities. When setting base salaries, we aim to be competitive while also considering other factors including the individual s role, experience, impact and compensation history. 
 In 2022, the Company generally did not increase the base salaries of any members of the executive team (including the NEOs) other than to reflect promotions or changing roles and responsibilities. As shown in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table below, to reflect his increased responsibility, Mr. DeMatteis received an increase to his base salary from 650,000 to 800,000, effective April 1, 2022. Ms. Catalano received an increase to her base salary from 500,000 to 600,000 in connection with her promotion to Chief People Officer, effective January 27, 2022. 
 Cash Incentives 
 Annual Cash Bonus 
 WeWork provides the opportunity to earn an annual cash bonus incentive opportunity to our NEOs and other eligible employees under the WeWork Companies LLC Annual Cash Bonus Plan (the Bonus Plan ). Awards under the Bonus Plan are designed to directly link pay with shared accountability for achievement of key business performance targets. 
 For 2022, annual cash bonuses for eligible employees (including the NEOs) was equal to the product of: (i) a target cash bonus amount, which generally is a percentage of base salary, (ii) a corporate multiplier, which ranges from 0 to 150 based on the Company s achievement of certain Company-wide goals, and (iii) an individual multiplier, which ranges from 0 to 150 based on individual performance. 
 The target cash bonus incentive for 2022 was 100 of base salary for Messrs. Mathrani, Yazbeck, and DeMatteis and for Ms. Catalano. For 2022, Mr. Fernandez s target cash bonus incentive was 50 of base salary and subject to a minimum payout of 450,000 pursuant to the Fernandez Agreement (defined below). For all employees (including the NEOs), the Compensation Committee set the corporate multiplier for 2022 at 70 . In determining this multiplier, the Committee took into consideration the Company s overachievement of its member satisfaction and employee satisfaction goals as well as its performance against financial goals. Revenue in 2022 reached 3.25 billion, an increase of 26 from revenue in 2021, but was less than the low end of management's original revenue guidance primarily due to unfavorable fluctuations in certain foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, while Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, was negative 477 million in 2022, the result represented a 1.06 billion increase from 2021, and Adjusted EBITDA was positive in December 2022, an important milestone and 'first' for WeWork. To build a culture of shared accountability, the Board and the Compensation 
 
 1 While WeWork s compensation philosophy, practices and components generally applied to Mr. Dunham, as his employment was terminated in June 2022, his compensation for 2022 was primarily in the form of severance paid in accordance with his employment contract and detailed in the sections below titled Benjamin Dunham Employment Agreement and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control. 
 240 

Table of Contents 

 Committee, as applicable, determined that the individual multiplier for 2022 would be 100 for each of the NEOs. 
 The 2022 company goals and targets were approved by the Compensation Committee in the first quarter of 2022 and were not formulaic. Each NEO s individual multiplier and final annual cash bonus incentive was recommended by the CEO and the Chief People Officer (except with respect to their own bonuses) to the Compensation Committee or, with respect to the CEO, the Board for approval. 

241 

Table of Contents 

 Other Bonuses 
 From time to time, we may provide bonuses to attract talented and experienced employees or retention bonuses to retain critical employees who possess key institutional knowledge or are necessary to successfully operate our business. No such bonuses were awarded in 2022 to our NEOs. 
 Equity Grants 
 Our equity compensation program, provided in the form of restricted stock units RSUs and historically, when we were a private company, in the form of stock options, is designed to achieve a number of goals, including creating an ownership culture, incentivizing employees to meet Company objectives, promoting retention of senior talent, and aligning employee and stockholder interests. For our NEOs, 2022 equity awards consisted of both time-based grants and performance-based grants. 
 Time-based Equity Awards Granted in 2022 
 During 2022, each of our NEOs was granted time-based RSUs as part of our standard annual compensation cycle (in March for the NEOs other than Mr. Fernandez) or in connection with being hired (in June for Mr. Fernandez), which vest in equal installments over three years, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. Additionally, Messrs. Yazbeck and Dunham and Ms. Catalano were granted supplemental time-based RSUs during the March annual compensation cycle that vest in equal installments over three years but are subject to accelerated vesting if the Company s Adjusted EBITDA 2 , excluding non-cash lease cost adjustments and non-recurring expenses consistent with the Company s external financial reporting, exceeds 0 in either 2022 or 2023 (which metric was not met for 2022) as detailed in the Grants of Plan - Based Awards Table. 
 Performance-based Equity Awards Granted in 2022 
 Since 2021, the Compensation Committee has granted performance-based RSUs to drive pe r formance; before WeWork became a publicly traded company, the Compensation Committee granted performance-based options. These performance-based awards vest only if the applicable performance condition (relating to the achievement of unlevered operating free cash flow Unlevered Operating FCF metrics 3 or stock price metrics, during prescribed periods of time) and a service condition are satisfied. In March 2022, Ms. 
 
 2 Solely for purposes of these supplemental time-based RSUs, Adjusted EBITDA means net income (loss) before income tax (benefit) provision, interest and other (income) expenses, net, depreciation and amortization, restructuring and other related costs, impairment (gain on sale) of goodwill, intangibles and other assets, stock-based compensation expense, stock-based payments for services rendered by consultants, change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, legal, tax and regulatory reserves or settlements, legal costs incurred by the Company in connection with regulatory investigations and litigation regarding the Company s 2019 withdrawn initial public offering and the related execution of the SoftBank Transactions, as defined in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, net of any insurance or other recoveries, and expense related to mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and capital raising activities. 
 3 Solely for purposes of these performance-based awards, Unlevered Operating FCF means Adjusted EBITDA Excluding Non-Cash GAAP Straight-Line Lease Cost and Amortization less Net Capital Expenditures, in each case measured for the trailing four calendar quarters as of the measurement date. Unlevered Operating FCF is measured on a quarterly basis as of the last day of each calendar quarter. Adjusted EBITDA Excluding Non-Cash GAAP Straight-Line Lease Cost and Amortization means net loss before income tax (benefit) provision, interest and other (income) expense, depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, expense related to stock-based payments for services rendered by consultants, income or expense relating to the changes in fair value of assets and liabilities remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis, expense related to costs associated with mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and capital raising activities, legal, tax and regulatory reserves or settlements, significant non-ordinary course asset impairment charges and, to the extent applicable, any impact of discontinued operations, restructuring chargers, and other gains and losses on operating assets. This figure also excludes the impact of non-cash GAAP straight-line lease cost and amortization of lease incentives. Net Capital Expenditures means the gross purchases of property and equipment, as reported in cash flows from investment activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows, less cash collected from landlords for tenant improvement allowances, as reported in the supplemental cash flow disclosures schedules in the cash flow statement. 
 242 

Table of Contents 

 Catalano received a grant of performance-based RSUs in connection with her promotion to Chief People Officer. 
 Performance Condition 
 The performance condition for these awards would be met based on the achievement level of either of the two metrics below within a prescribed period of time (with no linear interpolation between the achievements levels): 
 Metric 
 How Is It Measured 
 16 33 66 
 (Target) 
 100 
 (Max) 
 Unlevered Operating FCF 
 Measured on the last day of each quarter for the trailing four calendar quarters as of the measurement date. 
 - 
 0.8 billion 
 1.0 billion 
 1.3 billion 
 Stock Price 
 Measured on a continuous basis during the period beginning on July 21, 2022 (which is the first day after the nine-month anniversary of our public listing) and ending on December 31, 2024, and defined as the volume-weighted average price of one share of WeWork Class A common stock over the 90-day period immediately before a measurement date. 
 14.53 
 18.16 
 24.21 
 30.26 
 
 Service Condition 
 The portion of the award for which the performance condition has been met (the earned portion will vest only if the service condition is also satisfied. The service condition is satisfied only if the grantee remains employed through the dates indicated below. In the event of a resignation for good reason or termination without cause, any earned portion that is not fully vested , but would otherwise have vested in the year of such termination, will become immediately vested (except with respect to the CEO s performance-vesting options, some of which may become both earned and vested following a qualifying termination; additional detail regarding the treatment of the CEO s performance vesting options is described below under Sandeep Mathrani Employment Agreement ). 
 When Metric is Achieved 
 of Earned Award That Becomes Fully Vested 
 On or before December 31, 2022 
 50 on December 31, 2022 50 on December 31, 2023 
 In 2023 
 100 on December 31, 2023 
 In 2024 
 100 on December 31, 2024 
 
 The dates shown above apply to any earned portion resulting from achievement of the stock price metric. Because Unlevered Operating FCF performance cannot be certified by the Compensation Committee until our financial statements are available, for any earned portion resulting from achievement of that metric, the relevant dates will be March 31st immediately following the dates shown above. 
 
 However, if the stock price metric is achieved at the 14.53 level, 100 of the earned portion of the award resulting from that achievement will vest on December 31, 2022. 
 
 The total equity grants awarded to our NEOs in 2022 are summarized below. These grants appear in the Summary Compensation Table below, expressed as a dollar value that reflects the accounting value for the equity award (with performance-based awards assumed to be earned at target). These dollar values do not correspond to the likely economic value that may be received by each NEO from the equity award; for example, the price of a WeWork share has declined significantly since the awards were granted in March and June of 2022, and there is no guarantee that the performance-based RSUs will be earned due to a number of factors, including the negative changes in general economic conditions as a result of, 
 243 

Table of Contents 

 amongst other things, the COVID-19 pandemic and related delays in members (and prospective members) returning to the office and taking occupancy. 
 
 Name 
 Annual Time- 
 Based RSUs 
 Supplemental Time-Based RSUs with Acceleration 
 Performance- 
 Based RSUs 
 at Target 
 
 Total Number 
 of RSUs 
 Sandeep Mathrani 
 552,050 
 0 
 0 
 552,050 
 Andre Fernandez 
 414,938 
 0 
 0 
 414,938 
 Benjamin Dunham 
 100,000 
 32,668 
 0 
 132,668 
 Anthony Yazbeck 
 275,000 
 79,693 
 0 
 354,693 
 Jared DeMatteis 
 250,000 
 0 
 0 
 250,000 
 Susan Catalano 
 100,000 
 9,454 
 100,000 
 209,454 

Other Benefits 
 In addition to the core components of our compensation program, we provide a range of benefits to meet the needs of our employees and their families. Our NEOs participate in the same health, welfare and retirement programs as our other full-time employees. 
 In the United States, we provide a 401(k) plan, which is a tax-qualified defined contribution savings plan, for the benefit of all eligible employees, including our U.S.-based NEOs. Employees may make contributions, including after-tax Roth contributions, and our 401(k) plan also permits discretionary employer contributions. In 2022, we matched 100 of employee contributions to our 401(k) plan, up to a maximum of 3,500 per year. All employee contributions and employer contributions are at all times fully vested. In the United Kingdom, we provide a defined contribution pension plan, as required by applicable law, for the benefit of all eligible employees, including Mr. Yazbeck, where the company contributes up to 3 of the employee s base salary. 
 We do not provide NEOs with tax gross-ups, non-qualified retirement plans or excessive perquisites. 
 Other Compensation Matters 
 Compensation Risk Assessment 
 As part of our annual compensation-related risk review, we conducted an analysis to determine whether any risks arising from our compensation arrangements are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company in light of our overall business, strategy, and objectives. Management, together with the Compensation Committee, reviews and evaluates both cash and equity incentive plans, as well as other forms of pay and benefits, across executive and non-executive employee populations. 
 We assess compensation-related risk by assessing the goals of our compensation arrangements, whether they are aligned with the Company s strategy and business plan, the amount of oversight by the Board, Compensation Committee and/or management, the potential risks arising from attributes in our compensation practices, performance criteria, payout caps and leverage, pay mix, and verification of performance results. After reviewing the results of the analysis, the Compensation Committee and management believe our current compensation arrangements (i) balance an appropriate risk and reward profile in relation to our overall business strategy and (ii) do not encourage our employees, including our NEOs, to take excessive or inappropriate risks that would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging Shares 
 Our insider trading policy provides that Company employees and directors may not trade in options, warrants, puts and calls, or similar instruments on Company securities. Unless approved in writing by the Chief Legal Officer, our insider trading policy further prohibits Company employees and directors from hedging or lending Company securities in any transaction, including by entering into any collars, equity swaps, exchange funds, prepaid variable forward sale contracts, or any other similar derivatives 
 244 

Table of Contents 

 transaction. Finally, we do not let our directors or employees pledge their securities for margin loans or any other speculative transactions unless the transaction is approved in writing by the Chief Legal Officer; no such transactions were approved or requested in 2022. 
 Tax and Accounting Considerations 
 Deductibility of executive compensation. Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code denies a publicly-traded corporation a federal income tax deduction for remuneration in excess of 1 million per year per person paid to certain executives. Although our Compensation Committee is mindful of the benefits of tax deductibility when determining executive compensation, the Compensation Committee is also mindful that the Company has net operating loss carryforwards that will defer the impact of any deductions that the Company might lose under Section 162(m). The Compensation Committee believes that we should not be constrained by the requirements of Section 162(m) where those requirements would impair our flexibility in attracting and retaining the highest level of talented and experienced executive officers and in compensating our executive officers in a manner that best promotes our mission and strategic objectives. 
 Taxation of parachute payments and deferred compensation. Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code provide that executive officers and directors who hold significant equity interests and certain other service providers may be subject to an excise tax if they receive payments or benefits in connection with a change in control that exceeds certain prescribed limits, and that the Company may forfeit a deduction on such payments or benefits. Section 409A of the Code also imposes additional significant taxes on the individual in the event that payments or benefits are not exempt from, and do not meet the requirements of, Section 409A of the Code. We have not agreed to provide our executive officers, including any NEO, with a gross-up or other reimbursement payment for any tax liability that he or she might owe under Section 4999 or Section 409A of the Code. 
 Accounting treatment. The accounting impact of our executive compensation program is one of many factors that are considered in determining the size and structure of our executive compensation program, so that we can ensure that it is reasonable and in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 During the previous fiscal year, the following individuals served on the Compensation Committee: Deven Parekh, Bruce Dunlevie, and V ronique Laury. None of the directors who are currently or who were members of our Compensation Committee during 2022, are currently or have ever been one of our officers or employees. None of our NEOs currently serves, or served during 2022, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board or Compensation Committee. See the section titled Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence for information about related party transactions involving members of our Compensation Committee or their affiliates. 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained in this Form 10-K with management. Based on its review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Form 10-K. 
 The Compensation Committee 
 Deven Parekh (Chair) 
 Bruce Dunlevie 
 V ronique Laury 

245 

Table of Contents 

 CEO Pay Ratio 
 As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, we are providing the following information about the relationship between the annual total compensation of our median employee and the annual total compensation of our CEO. 
 We previously determined our median employee (who is located in the U.S.) as of December 31, 2021 (the Determination Date ). When determining the median employee, we included actual base salary paid in 2021, actual bonus and other cash incentive compensation and allowances paid in 2021, and 401(k) employer contributions (or similar contributions outside of the United States) for our then-current global employee population of approximatel y 4,454 employees, of which 99.1 were full-time and 0.9 were interns and other fixed term employees, other than our CEO, as of the Determination Date in 34 countries. For purposes of determining the median employee, we also converted employee compensation from local currency to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate on the Determination Date. 
 SEC regulations allow employers to identify the midpoint based on a consistently applied compensation measure . We concluded that neither actual bonuses paid in 2022 (for 2021 performance) nor equity granted in 2021 could be consistently applied across our global population to determine the median employee, so these compensation items were excluded for purposes of identifying our median employee. The median employee and CEO annual total compensation figures listed below adhere to the same calculation methods used to prepare the 2022 Summary Compensation Table . For example, even though bonuses paid and equity granted were excluded for the purpose of identifying our median employee, actual bonuses paid in 2023 (for 2022 performance) and the fair market value of equity granted in 2022 were included in the annual total compensation for both our median employee and our CEO in calculating the CEO pay ratio for 2022. The CEO annual total compensation figure reflects the total outlined for the CEO in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table . 
 For 2022, t he annual total compensation for the median employee of WeWork (other than our CEO) was 71,069, and the annual total compensation of our CEO was 6,439,932. Based on this information, for 2022, we estimate that the ratio of the annual total compensation of our CEO to the annual total compensation of the median employee was 91 to 1. 
 The pay ratio described above is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K. SEC rules for identifying the median employee permit companies to use a wide range of methodologies, assumptions and exclusions. As a result, it may not necessarily be meaningful to compare our pay ratio to pay ratios reported by other companies. 
 This information is being provided for compliance purposes. Neither the Compensation Committee nor management of the Company used the foregoing pay ratio measure in making compensation decisions. 
 Compensation Tables 
 2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of the NEOs. 
 Name 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 Options Awards 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 Sandeep Mathrani 
 (Chief Executive Officer and Chairman) 
 2022 
 1,500,000 
 1,050,000 
 3,886,432 
 - 
 3,500 
 6,439,932 
 2021 
 1,500,000 
 10,750,000 
 8,724,156 
 332,294 
 1,800 
 21,308,250 
 2020 
 1,280,769 
 1,500,000 
 - 
 4,761,205 
 1,800 
 7,543,774 
 
 246 

Table of Contents 

 Andre Fernandez 
 (Chief Financial Officer) 
 2022 
 481,154 
 450,000 
 2,473,030 
 - 
 3,500 
 3,407,684 
 Benjamin Dunham 
 (Former Chief Financial Officer) 
 2022 
 285,190 
 - 
 862,342 
 - 
 893,464 2,040,996 2021 
 600,000 
 1,680,000 
 - 
 189,162 
 1,800 
 2,470,962 
 2020 
 446,154 
 790,000 
 - 
 1,293,278 
 1,800 
 2,531,232 
 Anthony Yazbeck 
 (President Chief Operating Officer) 
 2022 
 871,200 
 609,840 
 2,305,505 
 - 
 26,136 
 3,812,681 
 2021 
 877,435 
 4,345,304 
 2,125,081 
 116,302 
 26,323 
 7,490,445 
 2020 
 788,670 
 1,572,525 
 - 
 1,241,111 
 23,660 
 3,625,966 
 Jared DeMatteis 
 (Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary) 
 2022 
 759,039 
 534,110 
 1,625,000 
 - 
 3,500 
 2,921,649 
 2021 
 624,039 
 2,050,800 
 1,870,802 
 66,459 
 1,800 
 4,613,900 
 Susan Catalano 
 (Chief People Officer) 
 2022 
 590,385 
 415,014 
 1,102,451 
 - 
 3,500 
 2,111,350 

(1) This column sets forth the base salary paid to each NEO. The 2022 salary amounts are prorated for Mr. Fernandez, who joined WeWork on June 10, 2022, and for Mr. Dunham, whose employment terminated on June 9, 2022, and the 2020 salary amount is prorated for Mr. Mathrani who joined WeWork on February 18, 2020. The following NEOs received increases to their annualized base salary rates effective as of the dates indicated: (A) Mr. Dunham, from 400,000 to 600,000 as of October 1, 2020, (B) Mr. Yazbeck, from 782,870 to 972,000 as of July 1, 2021, (C) Mr. DeMatteis, from 600,000 to 650,000 and from 650,000 to 800,000 as of July 1, 2021 and April 1, 2022, respectively, and (D) Ms. Catalano, from 500,000 to 600,000 as of January 27, 2022. Mr. Yazbeck s salary was not decreased in 2022; the amount reported in this column for 2022 is less than the amount reported for 2021 due to a change in foreign exchange rates. 
 
 (2) For 2022, this column sets forth the cash incentive earned by the following NEOs for 2022 performance under the Company s annual cash bonus plan: 1,050,000 for Mr. Mathrani, 450,000 for Mr. Fernandez, 609,840 for Mr. Yazbeck, 534,110 for Mr. DeMatteis and 415,014 for Ms. Catalano. The Annual Cash Bonus section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section above describes how these bonuses were determined and earned. The 2022 target annual bonus percentage was 100 of base salary for Messrs. Mathrani, Yazbeck, and DeMatteis as well as Ms. Catalano. Mr. Fernandez s 2022 target annual bonus percentage was 50 of base salary, subject to a minimum payout for 2022 of 450,000 pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement. Mr. Dunham did not earn a cash incentive for 2022 due to the termination of his employment in June 2022. 
 For 2021, this column sets forth the cash incentive earned by the following NEOs for 2021 performance under the Company s annual cash bonus plan: 750,000 for Mr. Mathrani, 180,000 for Mr. Dunham, 439,106 for Mr. Yazbeck, and 550,800 for Mr. DeMatteis. The 2021 target annual bonus percentage was 100 of base salary for Messrs. Mathrani, Dunham, and Yazbeck; as of July 1, 2021, Mr. DeMatteis received an increase to his target bonus percentage from 75 to 100 . In addition, WeWork previously established certain bonus arrangements that would result in payment(s) in connection with a qualifying capital raise and/or the public listing of WeWork. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the following NEOs received a one-time bonus, which bonus was subject to repayment obligations that provided that the full after-tax amount of the payment would have been required to be repaid if the individual resigned without good reason or was terminated for cause on or prior to January 31, 2022, and 50 of such after-tax amount would have been required to be repaid in the event of such a termination after January 31, 2022, but on or before January 31, 2023: 10,000,000 for Mr. Mathrani, 1,500,000 for Mr. Dunham, 1,953,099 for Mr. Yazbeck and 1,500,000 for Mr. DeMatteis. In connection with his promotion to President Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Yazbeck also received a one-time bonus of 1,953,099 upon the closing of the Business Combination. 
 For 2020, this column sets forth the cash incentive earned by each of Messrs. Mathrani, Dunham and Yazbeck for 2020 performance under the Company s annual cash bonus plan. The 2020 target annual bonus percentage was 100 of base salary for Messrs. Mathrani, Dunham and Yazbeck. In addition, for Messrs. Dunham and Yazbeck, this column includes retention bonuses in the amount of 400,000 and 1,059,890, respectively. 
 
 (3) The amounts reported in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of RSUs granted in 2022 and 2021, in each case, as calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating the dollar amount 
 247 

Table of Contents 

 recognized for financial statement reporting purposes of the equity awards reported in this column are set forth in Note 24 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting value for the equity award (with performance-based awards assumed to be earned at target). The amounts reported do not correspond to the likely economic value that may be received by each NEO from the equity award; for example, the price of a WeWork share has declined significantly since the awards were granted in March and June of 2022. In addition, none of the performance-based equity awards have been earned at this time and the actual value of these awards will depend on our performance; there is no guarantee that the performance-based RSUs will be earned due to a number of factors, including the negative changes in general economic conditions as a result of, amongst other things, the COVID-19 pandemic and related delays in members (and prospective members) returning to the office and taking occupancy. Assuming the maximum level of performance conditions are achieved, the amounts reported in this column for 2021 would be as follows: Mr. Mathrani 8,724,156 which represents the accounting fair value of 1,734,999 RSUs as of the grant date), Mr. Yazbeck 2,240,344 which represents the accounting fair value of 363,522 RSUs as of the grant date) and Mr. DeMatteis 2,178,168 which represents the accounting fair value of 388,308 RSUs as of the grant date). Assuming the maximum level of performance conditions are achieved, the amount reported in this column for 2022 would be as follows: Mr. Mathrani 3,886,432 which represents the accounting fair value of 552,050 RSUs as of the grant date), Mr. Fernandez 2,473,030 which represents the accounting fair value of 414,938 RSUs as of the grant date), Mr. Dunham 862,342 which represents the accounting fair value of 132,668 RSUs as of the grant date), Mr. Yazbeck 2,305,505 which represents the accounting fair value of 354,693 RSUs as of the grant date), Mr. DeMatteis 1,625,000 which represents the accounting fair value of 250,000 RSUs as of the grant date), and Ms. Catalano 1,297,951 which represents the accounting fair value of 259,454 RSUs as of the grant date). Mr. Dunham forfeited these performance-based awards in connection with the termination of his employment in June 2022. 
 
 (4) The amounts reported in this column for 2021 represent the incremental fair market value associated with the modification of performance-based stock options granted in 2020, which modification occurred in 2021 as a result of the closing of the Business Combination, as calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The amounts reported in this column for 2020 represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock options granted in 2020 as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating the dollar amount recognized for financial statement reporting purposes of the equity awards reported in this column are set forth in Note 24 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting value for the equity award (with performance-based awards assumed to be earned at target). The amounts reported do not correspond to the likely economic value that may be received by each NEO from the equity award; for example, the price of a WeWork share has declined significantly since the awards were granted in March and June of 2022. In addition, none of the performance-based equity awards have been earned at this time and the actual value of these awards will depend on our performance; there is no guarantee that the performance-based RSUs will be earned due to a number of factors, including the negative changes in general economic conditions as a result of, amongst other things, the COVID-19 pandemic and related delays in members (and prospective members) returning to the office and taking occupancy. Assuming the maximum level of performance conditions are achieved, the amounts reported in this column for 2020 would be as follows: Mr. Mathrani 5,669,105), Mr. Dunham 1,748,113) and Mr. Yazbeck 1,558,876). Assuming the maximum level of performance conditions are achieved, the amounts reported in this column for 2021 would be as follows: Mr: Mathrani 498,441), Mr. Dunham 283,743), Mr. Yazbeck 174,453) and Mr. DeMatteis 99,689). No stock option awards were made to NEOs in 2022. Mr. Dunham forfeited these performance-based awards in connection with the termination of his employment in June 2022. 
 
 (5) For Messrs. Mathrani, Fernandez and DeMatteis as well as Ms. Catalano, the amounts reported in this column represent the standard company matching contribution under our U.S. 401(k) plan. For Mr. Yazbeck, the amounts reported in this column represent the standard company contribution of 3 of basic salary under our U.K. pension plan. 
 For Mr. Dunham, the amounts reported in this column represent: (A) for 2022, payments made and the value of benefits provided to Mr. Dunham as a result of the termination of his employment without cause, consisting of 12 months of base salary 600,000), a prorated target bonus of 263,014 and continued health care coverage at active employee rates for 12 months following termination 30,450), and (B) for all three years, the standard company matching contribution under our U.S. 401(k) plan of 1,800 for each of 2021 and 2020. 
 
 (6) Because Mr. Fernandez and Ms. Catalano were NEOs only in 2022, no disclosure is included for them for 2021 or 2020. Because Mr. DeMatteis was a NEO only in 2022 and 2021, no disclosure is included for him for 2020. 
 
 (7) For Mr. Yazbeck, all cash amounts were originally paid in British pounds and converted for purposes of this presentation at an exchange rate of (A) with respect to 2022 figures, USD 1.21 per GBP 1.00, which was the currency conversion rate as of December 31, 2022, (B) with respect to 2021 figures, USD 1.35 per GBP 1.00, which was the currency conversion rate as of December 31, 2021, and (B) with respect to 2020 figures, USD 1.36 per GBP 1.00, which was the currency conversion rate as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 
 The following table shows all plan-based awards granted to our NEOs during 2022. The equity awards granted during 2022 identified in the table below are also reported in Outstanding Equity Awards as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 248 

Table of Contents 

 Estimated Future 
 Payouts Under Non-equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards 
 Estimated Future 
 Payouts Under Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards 
 Name 
 Grant or Approval Date 
 Threshold 
 ) 
 Target 
 ) 
 Maximum 
 ) 
 Threshold 
 (#) 
 Target 
 (#) 
 Maximum 
 (#) 
 All Other Stock Awards: Number of Units 
 (#) 
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards 
 Sandeep Mathrani 
 - 
 0 
 1,500,000 
 3,375,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/29/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 552,050 
 3,886,432 
 Andre Fernandez 
 - 
 450,000 
 450,000 
 1,012,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6/10/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 414,938 
 2,473,030 
 Benjamin Dunham 
 
 - 
 0 
 600,000 
 1,350,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 100,000 
 650,000 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 32,668 
 212,342 
 Anthony Yazbeck 
 - 
 0 
 871,200 
 1,960,200 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 275,000 
 1,787,500 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 79,693 
 518,005 
 Jared DeMatteis 
 - 
 0 
 763,014 
 1,716,782 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 250,000 
 1,625,000 
 Susan Catalano 
 - 
 0 
 590,385 
 1,328,366 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 50,000 
 100,000 
 150,000 
 - 
 391,000 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 100,000 
 650,000 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 9,454 
 61,451 
 
 Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-equity Incentive Plan Awards 
 This column includes the 2022 target and maximum opportunities under our annual cash bonus plan for the NEOs; there was no threshold amount as bonuses could have been earned at 0 (other than for Mr. Fernandez, whose annual cash bonus was guaranteed to be at least 450,000 for 2022, per the Fernandez Agreement, defined below) and the maximum was 225 of target. The amount earned is reported above in the bonus column of the 2022 Summary Compensation Table, and more information about these cash incentive awards can be found in the Annual Cash Bonus section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. For Mr. Yazbeck, the threshold, target and maximum cash incentive opportunities were originally denominated in British pounds and have been converted for purposes of this presentation at an exchange rate of USD 1.21 per GBP 1.00, which was the currency conversion rate as of December 31, 2022. In connection with the termination of his employment on June 9, 2022 without cause, Mr. Dunham received a prorated target bonus of 263,014 before applicable tax and other withholdings for 2022. 
 Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards 
 These PSUs vest based on Unlevered Operating FCF and/or valuation metrics to the extent achieved on or prior to December 31, 2024, subject to continued employment through certain dates depending on when the metric is met. These equity awards are also reported below in Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Year-End for more information about these awards, also see the Equity Grants section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. 
 
 249 

Table of Contents 

 All Other Stock Awards: Number of Units 
 For Mr. Mathrani s grant of 552,050 RSUs, Mr. Dunham s grant of 100,000 RSUs, Mr. Yazbeck s grant of 275,000 RSUs, Mr. DeMatteis grant of 250,000 RSUs and Ms. Catalano s grant of 100,000 RSUs, the RSUs vest annually over a three-year period, with one-third vesting on January 10, 2023, and the remainder in equal annual installments, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. Mr. Fernandez grant of 414,938 RSUs vests annually over a three-year period, with one-third vesting on July 10, 2023, and the remainder in equal annual installments, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. For Mr. Yazbeck's grant of 79,693 RSUs, Mr. Dunham's grant of 32,668 RSUs and Ms. Catalano s grant of 9,454 RSUs, the RSUs vest in three equal installments on January 10, 2023, January 10, 2024 and January 10, 2025, except that (A) if the Company s Adjusted EBITDA, excluding non-cash lease cost adjustments and non-recurring expenses consistent with the Company s external financial reporting, exceeded 0 in 2022, the RSUs would have instead 100 vested on January 10, 2023 (which accelerated vesting was not triggered) and (B) if the Company s Adjusted EBITDA, excluding non-cash lease cost adjustments and non-recurring expenses consistent with the Company s external financial reporting, exceeds 0 in 2023 (but not 2022), the RSUs will instead vest one-third on January 10, 2023 and two-thirds on January 10, 2024, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. These equity awards are also reported below in, and the specific vesting schedules are described in the accompanying footnotes to, the Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Year-End table. For more information about these awards, also see the Equity Grants sub-section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section above. Mr. Dunham s RSU grants were forfeited in connection with his termination of employment. 
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards 
 The amounts reported in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the RSUs and PSUs granted in 2022 as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting value for the equity award (with performance-based awards valued based on the probability that the metrics will be achieved at the target level). The amounts reported do not correspond to the likely economic value that may be received by each NEO from the equity award; for example, the price of a WeWork share has declined significantly since the awards were granted in March and June of 2022, and there is no guarantee that the PSUs will be earned due to a number of factors, including the negative changes in general economic conditions as a result of, amongst other things, the COVID-19 pandemic and related delays in members (and prospective members) returning to the office and taking occupancy. Ms. Catalano is the only NEO who received a variable performance-based equity incentive plan award in 2022. Assuming the maximum level of performance conditions are achieved, the amount reported in this column for Ms. Catalano s performance-based award would be 586,500. 
 
 250 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding Equity Awards as of December 31, 2022 
 The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our NEOs as of December 31, 2022, other than for Mr. Dunham who did not hold any outstanding equity awards as of such date: 
 Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised Options 
 (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 Number of 
 Shares or 
 Units of 
 Stock 
 That Have 
 Not 
 Vested (#) 
 Market 
 Value 
 of Shares or 
 Units of Stock 
 That Have 
 Not Vested 
 ) 
 Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, Units 
 or Other 
 Rights 
 That Have Not 
 Vested (#) 
 Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Awards: 
 Market or 
 Payout Value 
 of Unearned 
 Shares, Units 
 or Other Rights 
 That Have Not 
 Vested ) 
 Sandeep Mathrani 
 3/17/2020 
 - 
 1,239,285 
 - 
 2.55 
 3/17/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/17/2020 
 - 
 - 
 826,190 
 2.55 
 3/17/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/15/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 330,476 
 472,581 
 - 
 - 
 3/15/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 826,190 
 1,181,452 
 - 
 - 
 3/29/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 552,050 
 789,432 
 - 
 - 
 Andre Fernandez 
 6/10/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 414,938 
 593,361 
 - 
 - 
 Anthony Yazbeck 
 8/4/2016 
 1,901 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 8/4/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5/21/2017 
 550 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 5/21/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2/8/2018 
 4,748 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 2/8/2028 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2/11/2019 
 10,523 
 2,099 
 - 
 4.99 
 2/11/2029 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/29/2019 
 2,753 
 8,262 
 - 
 4.99 
 3/29/2029 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2/10/2020 
 144,584 
 20,654 
 - 
 2.55 
 2/10/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/17/2020 
 - 
 - 
 289,166 
 2.55 
 3/17/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2/25/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 49,571 
 70,887 
 3/2/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 68,848 
 98,453 
 - 
 - 
 7/2/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 123,928 
 177,217 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 275,000 
 393,250 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 79,693 
 113,961 
 - 
 - 
 
 251 

Table of Contents 

 Jared DeMatteis 
 3/16/2015 
 4,963 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 3/15/2025 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10/27/2015 
 3,140 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 10/27/2025 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2/3/2016 
 4,957 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 2/3/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8/4/2016 
 1,376 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 8/4/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8/4/2016 
 275 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 8/4/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1/18/2017 
 4,130 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 1/18/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5/21/2017 
 4,461 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 5/21/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6/12/2018 
 4,748 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 6/12/2028 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6/12/2018 
 6,672 
 2,824 
 - 
 4.99 
 6/12/2028 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/4/2019 
 2,503 
 - 
 - 
 4.99 
 3/4/2029 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2/10/2020 
 75,734 
 6,885 
 - 
 2.55 
 2/10/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3/17/2020 
 - 
 - 
 165,238 
 2.55 
 3/17/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1/26/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 44,063 
 63,010 
 - 
 - 
 2/25/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 132,190 
 189,032 
 7/2/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 82,618 
 118,144 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 250,000 
 357,500 
 - 
 - 
 Susan Catalano 
 2/10/2020 
 6,608 
 1,652 
 - 
 2.55 
 2/10/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1/26/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 12,392 
 17,721 
 - 
 - 
 8/10/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,654 
 29,535 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 100,000 
 143,000 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 9,454 
 13,519 
 - 
 - 
 3/22/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 100,000 
 143,000 
 
 (1) The stock option vests over a three-year period from January 15, 2020, with 100 vesting on the third anniversary thereof, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. 
 (2) These performance-based stock options vest based on Unlevered Operating FCF and/or valuation metrics to the extent achieved on or prior to December 31, 2024, subject to continued employment through certain dates depending on when the metric is met. The number of options assumes a target level of performance. For more information about these awards, see the Equity Grants section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. (3) The RSUs vest over a three-year period from January 15, 2021, with one-half of the remaining RSUs vesting on each of January 15, 2023 and January 15, 2024, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (4) The RSUs vest over a three-year period from October 20, 2021, with one-half of the remaining RSUs vesting on each of October 20, 2023 and October 20, 2024, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (5) The RSUs vest over a three-year period from January 10, 2022, with one-third vesting on the first anniversary thereof and the remainder in equal annual installments, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (6) The RSUs vest over a three-year period from July 10, 2022, with one-third vesting on the first anniversary thereof and the remainder in equal annual installments, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (7) The stock option is 100 vested and exercisable. 

252 

Table of Contents 

 (8) The stock option vests over a five-year period from October 1, 2018, in equal monthly installments with the remaining portion vesting in 9 installments through October 1, 2023, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (9) The stock option vests over a seven-year period from March 16, 2019, with the remaining portion vesting 20 on the fourth, fifth, and sixth anniversary thereof, and 40 vesting on the seventh anniversary thereof, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (10) The stock option vests over a three-year period from January 15, 2020, with the remaining portion vesting on January 15, 2023, subject to continued employment through such vesting date. 
 (11) These PSUs vest based on Unlevered Operating FCF and/or valuation metrics to the extent achieved on or prior to December 31, 2024, subject to continued employment through certain dates depending on when the metric is met. The number and value of the performance-based restricted stock units assumes target level of performance. The number and value (based on 1.43, which is the closing price of a share of WeWork Class A common stock on the NYSE as of December 30, 2022, which was the last trading day of 2022) of the PSUs at maximum level of performance would be: 74,357 shares valued at 106,331 for Mr. Yazbeck, 198,285 shares valued at 283,548 for Mr. DeMatteis and 150,000 shares valued at 214,500 for Ms. Catalano. For more information about these awards, see the Equity Grants section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. 
 (12) The RSUs vest over a three-year period from March 15, 2021, with one-half of the remaining RSUs vesting on each of March 15, 2023 and March 15, 2024, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (13) The RSUs vest over a three-year period from February 1, 2021, with one-half of the remaining RSUs vesting on each of February 1, 2023 and February 1, 2024, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (14) The RSUs vest in three equal installments on January 10, 2023, January 10, 2024 and January 10, 2025, except that (A) if the Company s Adjusted EBITDA, excluding non-cash lease cost adjustments and non-recurring expenses consistent with the Company s external financial reporting, exceeded 0 in 2022, the RSUs would have instead 100 vested on January 10, 2023 (which accelerated vesting was not triggered) and (B) if the Company s Adjusted EBITDA, excluding non-cash lease cost adjustments and non-recurring expenses consistent with the Company s external financial reporting, exceeds 0 in 2023 (but not 2022), the RSUs will instead vest one-third on January 10, 2023 and two-thirds on January 10, 2024, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. For more information about these awards, see the Equity Grants section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. 
 (15) The stock option vests over a seven-year period from January 1, 2018, in equal monthly installments with the remaining portion vesting in 24 installments through January 1, 2025, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (16) The RSUs vest over a three-year period from January 26, 2021, with one-half of the remaining RSUs vesting on each of January 26, 2023 and January 26, 2024, subject to continued employment through each vesting date. 
 (17) The RSUs vest over a two-year period from January 15, 2021, with the remaining RSUs vesting on January 15, 2023, subject to continued employment through such vesting date. 
 (18) The awards are valued based on 1.43, which is the closing price of a share of WeWork Class A common stock on the NYSE as of December 30, 2022. 
 
 Stock Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the exercise of stock options and the vesting of RSUs during 2022 with respect to the NEOs. Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 Name 
 Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) 
 Value Realized on Exercise )( 
 Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) 
 Value Realized on Vesting ) 
 Sandeep Mathrani 
 - 
 - 
 578,333 
 2,375,297 
 Benjamin Dunham 
 138,800 
 22,908 
 - 
 - 
 Anthony Yazbeck 
 - 
 - 
 96,389 
 657,304 
 Jared DeMatteis 
 - 
 - 
 63,342 
 492,057 
 Susan Catalano 
 - 
 - 
 27,979 
 247,604 

(1) The aggregate value realized upon the exercise of a stock option represents (x) the number of stock options exercised multiplied by (y) the difference between the (A) the price of a share of WeWork Class A common stock on the NYSE as of the time the option exercise is executed and (B) the exercise price per share of the stock option. 
 253 

Table of Contents 

 (2) The aggregate value realized upon the vesting and settlement of RSUs equals (A) the number of RSUs that became vested multiplied by (B) the closing price of a share of WeWork Class A common stock on the NYSE as of the vesting date if such date is a trading day on the NYSE or, otherwise, as of the immediately prior trading day on the NYSE. 
 (3) In each case, the value realized is before payment of any applicable taxes and brokerage commissions, if any. 
 Executive Employment Agreements 
 Sandeep Mathrani Employment Agreement 
 Effective February 17, 2020, a WeWork subsidiary entered into an employment agreement with Sandeep Mathrani (the Mathrani Agreement ). The Mathrani Agreement provides for (i) an annual base salary of 1,500,000, as may be adjusted from time to time as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate (but not before 2022), (ii) a target annual bonus opportunity of 100 of annual base salary, (iii) a time-based option to purchase 1,239,285 shares of Class A common stock, and (iv) a performance-based option to purchase a target of 1,239,285 shares of Class A common stock. The Mathrani Agreement also provides that Mr. Mathrani would be expected to receive an annual equity award in the form of a stock options in each of the 2021 and 2022 calendar years (which stock options were not granted in 2021, and Mr. Mathrani instead received an annual equity award in the form of RSUs as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section above). 
 In the event of a termination by WeWork without cause or by Mr. Mathrani for good reason (each as defined in the Mathrani Agreement), subject to his execution of a separation agreement and general release of claims, he will be entitled to receive (i) 12 months of base salary, (ii) target bonus for the year of termination, (iii) continued health care coverage at active employee rates for 12 months following termination (or, if earlier, until he becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage through a subsequent employer or ceases to be eligible for COBRA coverage for any reason), (iv) an extension of the exercise period applicable to his vested stock options generally until the earlier of (x) 10 days following the lock-up period after a public listing of WeWork or (y) 10 years following the grant date, (v) any bonus for the year preceding the year of termination that has not yet been paid, and (vi) the accelerated vesting of then-outstanding equity awards that vest solely based on time-based vesting conditions. In addition, with respect to Mr. Mathrani s performance-based options, if, and only if, WeWork s Unlevered Operating FCF is greater than 0 as of termination and WeWork achieves one of the performance goals provided in the award agreement, then he will be deemed to have earned and will vest in options with respect to the number of shares equal to the product of (i) the number of shares that would have vested upon achievement of such performance goal had he remained continuously employed by WeWork on the date of such achievement (the Achievement Date ), multiplied by (ii) the greater of (x) the difference between WeWork s Unlevered Operating FCF as of the date of termination and WeWork s Unlevered Operating FCF as of December 31, 2019, divided by the difference between WeWork s Unlevered Operating FCF as of the Achievement Date and WeWork s unlevered operating FCF as of December 31, 2019, and (y) the difference between WeWork s fair market value as of the date of termination and WeWork s fair market value as of December 31, 2019, divided by the difference between WeWork s fair market value as of the Achievement Date and WeWork s fair market value as of December 31, 2019. Mr. Mathrani would also be entitled to these separation payments and benefits if his employment were to terminate due to death. 
 Benjamin Dunham Employment Agreement 
 Effective October 1, 2020, a WeWork subsidiary entered into an employment agreement with Ben Dunham (the Dunham Agreement ). The Dunham Agreement provided for (i) an annual base salary of 600,000, as adjusted from time to time as the Compensation Committee deemed appropriate, (ii) a target annual bonus opportunity of 100 of annual base salary, (iii) a time-based option to purchase 247,857 shares of Class A common stock, and (iv) a performance-based option to purchase a target of 247,857 shares of Class A common stock. The Dunham Agreement also provided that Mr. Dunham would be expected to receive an annual equity award covering a number of shares and in the form determined by the Compensation Committee, except that he was not eligible for an annual equity award in 2021. 
 254 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, in the event of a termination by WeWork without cause or by Mr. Dunham for good reason (each as defined in the Dunham Agreement), subject to his execution of a separation agreement and general release of claims, he would have been entitled to receive (i) 12 months of base salary, (ii) a prorated target bonus for the year of termination, (iii) continued health care coverage at active employee rates for 12 months following termination (or, if earlier, until he becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage through a subsequent employer or ceases to be eligible for COBRA coverage for any reason), (iv) an extension of the exercise period applicable to his vested stock options generally until the earlier of (x) 10 days following the lock-up period after a public listing of WeWork or (y) 10 years following the grant date, and (v) any bonus for the year preceding the year of termination that has not yet been paid. Mr. Dunham would also have been entitled to these separation payments and benefits, other than the 12 months of base salary, if his employment were to terminate due to death. Mr. Dunham s employment was terminated without cause on June 9, 2022. For further information on the payments made in connection with Mr. Dunham s termination, please see the Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control section below. 
 Andre Fernandez Employment Agreement 
 Effective May 24, 2022, a WeWork subsidiary entered into an employment agreement with Andre Fernandez (the Fernandez Agreement ). The Fernandez Agreement provides for (i) an annual base salary of 900,000, as may be increased from time to time as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, (ii) a target annual bonus opportunity of 50 of annual base salary (which, for 2022, could be earned at no less than 450,000), and (iii) an award of time-based RSUs with a nominal value of 3,000,000 with respect to Class A common stock. The Fernandez Agreement also provides that Mr. Fernandez will receive an annual equity award in the first quarter of 2023 of time-based RSUs with a nominal value of 2,650,000 with respect to Class A common stock, and that, upon a change in control (as defined in the 2021 Plan), acceleration of all time-based vesting conditions of outstanding equity awards. 
 In addition, in the event of a termination by WeWork without cause or by Mr. Fernandez for good reason (each as defined in the Fernandez Agreement), subject to his execution of a separation agreement and general release of claims, he will be entitled to receive (i) 18 months of base salary and 150 of his target annual bonus, unless such termination occurs within 6 months immediately following change of control (as defined in the applicable equity plan), in which case such amounts will instead be 24 months of base salary and 200 of his target annual bonus, (ii) 450,000, but only if such termination occurs prior to the date that Mr. Fernandez is paid his annual bonus pertaining to 2022, (iii) continued health care coverage at active employee rates for 18 months following termination (or, if earlier, until he becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage through a subsequent employer or ceases to be eligible for COBRA coverage for any reason), (iv) any bonus for the year preceding the year of termination that has not yet been paid but only if such termination occurs on January 1, 2024 or later, and (v) acceleration of all time-based vesting conditions of outstanding equity awards. Mr. Fernandez would also be entitled to these separation payments and benefits, other than (x) the payments and benefits described in subclauses (i) and (v) of the preceding sentence and (y) 6 fewer months with respect to the benefits described in subclause (iii) of the preceding sentence, if his employment were to terminate due to death. 
 Susan Catalano Employment Agreement 
 Effective January 28, 2022, a WeWork subsidiary entered into an employment agreement with Susan Catalano (the Catalano Agreement ). The Catalano Agreement provides for (i) an annual base salary of 600,000, as may be adjusted from time to time as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, (ii) a target annual bonus opportunity of 75 (increased to 100 as of November 16, 2022) of annual base salary, (iii) a time-based option to purchase 100,000 shares of Class A common stock and (iv) an award of 150,000 performance-based RSUs at maximum performance with respect to shares of Class A common stock. 
 255 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, in the event of a termination by WeWork without cause or by Ms. Catalano for good reason (each as defined in the Catalano Agreement), subject to her execution of a separation agreement and general release of claims, she will be entitled to receive (i) 12 months of base salary, (ii) a prorated target bonus for the year of termination, (iii) continued health care coverage at active employee rates for 12 months following termination (or, if earlier, until she becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage through a subsequent employer or ceases to be eligible for COBRA coverage for any reason), and (iv) any bonus for the year preceding the year of termination that has not yet been paid. Ms. Catalano would also be entitled to these separation payments and benefits, other than the 12 months of base salary, if her employment were to terminate due to death. 
 Anthony Yazbeck Employment Agreement and Equity Side Letter 
 A WeWork subsidiary entered into an employment agreement and equity side letter, dated November 18, 2020 (as further amended on July 19, 2021), and January 14, 2020, respectively, with Anthony Yazbeck (collectively, the Yazbeck Agreements ). The Yazbeck Agreements provide for (i) an annual base salary of GBP 720,000, as may be adjusted from time to time as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, (ii) a target annual bonus opportunity of 100 of base salary, (iii) a time-based option to purchase 247,857 shares of Class A common stock, and (iv) a performance-based option to purchase a target of 289,166 shares of Class A common stock. The Yazbeck Agreements also provide that Mr. Yazbeck (i) would be expected to receive an annual equity award covering a number of shares and in the form determined by the Compensation Committee, except that he was not eligible for an annual equity award in 2021 and will not be eligible for an annual equity award in 2022 or 2023, and (ii) would receive a one-time bonus of GBP 1.44 million within 30 days of the consummation of the Business Combination subject to his employment through the payment date. 
 Termination of Mr. Yazbeck s employment (including due to resignation, but not for cause as defined in the Yazbeck Agreements) requires a notice period of not less than six months. In addition, in the event of a termination by WeWork without cause, in addition to any payment in lieu of notice, subject to his execution of a separation agreement and general release of claims, Mr. Yazbeck will be entitled to receive: (i) 6 months base salary, (ii) a prorated target bonus for the year of termination, (iii) an extension of the exercise period applicable to his vested stock options generally until the earlier of (x) 10 days following the lock-up period after a public listing of WeWork or (y) 10 years following the grant date, and (iv) any bonus for the year preceding the year of termination that has not yet been paid. 
 Jared DeMatteis Employment Agreement 
 Effective January 1, 2021, a WeWork subsidiary entered into an employment agreement with Jared DeMatteis (as amended, the DeMatteis Agreement ). The DeMatteis Agreement provides for (i) an annual base salary of 600,000, as may be adjusted from time to time as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate (increased to 650,000 as of July 1, 2021), and (ii) a target annual bonus opportunity of 75 (increased to 100 as of July 1, 2021) of annual base salary. The DeMatteis Agreement also provides that Mr. DeMatteis would be expected to receive an annual equity award covering a number of shares and in the form determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 In addition, in the event of a termination by WeWork without cause or by Mr. DeMatteis for good reason (each as defined in the DeMatteis Agreement), subject to his execution of a separation agreement and general release of claims, he will be entitled to receive (i) 12 months of base salary, (ii) a prorated target bonus for the year of termination, (iii) continued health care coverage at active employee rates for 12 months following termination (or, if earlier, until he becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage through a subsequent employer or ceases to be eligible for COBRA coverage for any reason), (iv) an extension of the exercise period applicable to his vested stock options generally until the earlier of (x) 10 days following the lock-up period after a public listing of WeWork or (y) 10 years following the grant date, and (v) any bonus for the year preceding the year of termination that has not yet been paid. Mr. DeMatteis would also be entitled to these separation payments and benefits, other than the 12 months of base salary, if his employment were to terminate due to death. 
 256 

Table of Contents 

 Restrictive Covenant Agreements 
 Each of our NEOs has entered into an invention, non-disclosure, non-competition and non-solicitation agreement that protects WeWork s confidential and other proprietary information and assigns to WeWork full right and title to inventions and other intellectual property developed by the employee that are related to the WeWork business. The agreements also contain confidentiality and (other than for Mr. Yazbeck) non-disparagement obligations, which apply indefinitely, along with non-competition and customer and employee non-solicitation restrictions, which apply during employment and for a period of 12 months (or three months for Mr. Yazbeck) following termination of employment for any reason. 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 
 As described immediately above, Messrs. Mathrani, Fernandez, Dunham, Yazbeck and DeMatteis and Ms. Catalano have provisions in their respective employment agreement providing for certain payments and/or benefits upon the termination of their respective employment by WeWork without cause or, other than for Mr. Yazbeck, due to resignation for good reason or upon their death. The table below quantifies the compensation and benefits that would have become payable to these NEOs (other than for Mr. Dunham, whose employment ended on June 9, 2022 and whose actual termination payments and benefits are described below) if each of their employment had terminated on December 31, 2022 (i) without cause or due to resignation for good reason, (ii) in connection with a change in control that occurred on December 31, 2022, or (iii) due to death. Name 
 Termination Scenario 
 Cash 
 Severance 
 ) 
 Continued 
 Healthcare 
 ) 
 Value of 
 Accelerated 
 Equity 
 Vesting 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 Sandeep Mathrani 
 Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason 
 3,000,000 
 15,313 
 2,443,464 
 5,458,777 
 Death 
 3,000,000 
 15,313 
 2,443,464 
 5,458,777 
 Andre Fernandez 
 Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason 
 2,025,000 
 38,565 
 593,361 
 2,656,926 
 Change in Control 
 2,700,000 
 38,565 
 593,361 
 3,331,926 
 Death 
 450,000 
 25,710 
 - 
 475,710 
 Anthony Yazbeck 
 Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason 
 1,742,400 
 - 
 - 
 1,742,400 
 Jared DeMatteis 
 Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason 
 1,600,000 
 18,460 
 - 
 1,618,460 
 Death 
 800,000 
 18,460 
 - 
 818,460 
 Susan Catalano 
 Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason 
 1,200,000 
 0.00 
 - 
 1,200,000 
 Death 
 600,000 
 0.00 
 - 
 600,000 
 
 (1) 
 For all NEO's except Messrs. Mathrani and Fernandez, the amounts in this column reflect (A) 12 months of base salary (or, for Mr. Yazbeck, 6 months of base salary plus pay in lieu of 6 months notice) in the event of an involuntary termination and (B) a prorated target bonus payment for the year of termination in the event of an involuntary termination or upon death. For Mr. Mathrani, the amounts in this column also reflect 12 months of base salary upon death. For Mr. Fernandez, the amounts in this column reflect (A) 18 months of base salary (Mr. Fernandez will receive 24 months of base salary i.e., 450,000 more if such termination occurs within six months after a change in control of the Company), (B) 150 of his target bonus (Mr. Fernandez will receive 200 of his bonus i.e., 225,000 more if such termination occurs within six months after a change in control of the Company), and (C) a prorated bonus target upon death 
 
 257 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 
 The amounts in this column reflect 12 months of continued healthcare coverage at active employee rates upon involuntary termination or upon death, except for Mr. Fernandez where this column reflects (A) 18 months in the event of involuntary termination and (B) 12 months upon death. For Ms. Catalano, this column reflects 0, as she has not enrolled in WeWork s healthcare plans. 
 
 (3) 
 
 The amount in this column is equal to the sum of (x) 1,708,716, which is the number of time-based RSUs that would have become vested upon an involuntary termination or upon death, multiplied by (y) 1.43, which was the closing price of a share of Class A common stock on the NYSE as of December 30, 2022. The amount does not include any time-vested stock options held by Mr. Mathrani because all of such options were underwater as of December 30, 2022 (that is, the exercise price per share was greater than 1.43). 
 
 (4) 
 
 The amount in this column is equal to the sum of (x) 414,938, which is the number of time-based RSUs that would have become vested upon an involuntary termination or upon a change in control (as defined in the 2021 Plan), multiplied by (y) 1.43, which was the closing price of a share of Class A common stock on the NYSE as of December 30, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 
 For Mr. Yazbeck, the amounts above would have been paid or provided in British pounds and have been converted for purposes of this presentation at an exchange rate of USD 1.21 per GBP 1.00, which was the currency conversion rate as of December 31, 2022. 

In connection with the termination of his employment on June 9, 2022 without cause (as defined in the Dunham Agreement), Mr. Dunham entered into an agreement and general release with a WeWork subsidiary that provided him with, subject to his execution and non-revocation of such agreement and general release and in accordance with the terms of the Dunham Agreement, (i) 12 months of base salary (that is, 600,000 in the aggregate before applicable tax and other withholdings), (ii) a prorated target bonus of 263,014 before applicable tax and other withholdings for the year of termination, (iii) continued health care coverage at active employee rates for 12 months following termination (or, if earlier, until he becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage through a subsequent employer or ceases to be eligible for COBRA coverage for any reason) which has a value of 30,450 for the full 12 months, and (iv) an extension of the exercise period applicable to his vested stock options until October 30, 2022 (that is, 10 days following the expiration of the one-year lock-up period after the closing of the Business Combination). 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table shows information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to shares of our common stock that may be issued under existing equity compensation plans. The category Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders in the table below consists of the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan ), the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ), the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan and the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (2) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column 1) (3) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 25,224,275 4.75 49,035,853 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders Total 25,224,275 4.75 49,035,853 
 (1) Consists of the following: 472,874 shares of Class A common stock subject to outstanding awards granted under the 2013 Plan, 16,016,364 shares of Class A common stock subject to outstanding awards granted under the 2015 Plan, and 8,735,037 shares of Class A common stock subject to outstanding awards granted under the 2021 Plan. Performance-based RSUs are, for purposes of this column, assumed to be payable at 100 of target. Following the Business Combination, no additional awards have been or will be granted under the 2013 and 2015 Plans. 
 258 

Table of Contents 

 (2) The weighted-average exercise price is calculated solely on the exercise prices of the outstanding options and does not reflect the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the vesting of outstanding awards of RSUs, which have no exercise price. 
 (3) Consists of 7,931,556 shares of Class A common stock available under the ESPP and 41,104,338 shares of Class A common stock available under the 2021 Plan. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership of Securities 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of WeWork s Class A Common Stock as of March 20, 2023 by: 
 each of our current directors, 
 each of our named executive officers, 
 all current directors and executive officers as a group, and 
 each person or entity known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock based solely on WeWork s review of filings with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(d), 13(g) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially own, subject to community property laws where applicable. 
 There were 711,363,722 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding and 19,938,089 shares of Class C Common Stock outstanding, in each case, as of March 20, 2023. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o WeWork Inc., 75 Rockefeller Plaza, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 
 
 259 

Table of Contents 

 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Shares of Class A Common Stock Beneficially Owned Shares of Class C Common Stock Beneficially Owned Name of Beneficial Owners Shares of Shares Outstanding Shares of Shares Outstanding Directors and Named Executive Officers: Sandeep Mathrani (1) 
 1,860,866 Alex Clavel Bruce Dunlevie (2) 
 20,486,362 2.9 Daniel Hurwitz (3) 
 30,431 V ronique Laury (4) 
 59,103 Vikas Parekh Deven Parekh (5) 
 12,559,103 1.8 Vivek Ranadiv (6) 
 7,227,531 1.0 David Tolley Jared DeMatteis (7) 
 241,117 Benjamin "Ben" Dunham Susan Catalano (8) 
 67,136 Andre Fernandez 40,000 Anthony Yazbeck (9) 
 397,559 All current directors and executive officers as a group (15 persons) (10) 
 
 42,971,675 6.0 Greater than 5 Stockholders: Entities affiliated with SBGA (11) 
 370,277,759 48.9 Entities affiliated with SBIA UK (12) 
 91,262,729 12.7 Adam Neumann (13) 
 68,232,963 8.8 19,896,032 99.8 FMR LLC (14) 
 70,993,791 9.1 
 Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 
 (1) Represents (i) 621,581 shares over which Mr. Mathrani has dispositive power and (ii) 1,239,285 shares over which Mr. Mathrani has the right to acquire dispositive power upon the exercise of stock options exercisable as of or within 60 days after March 20, 2023. 
 (2) Represents (i) 19,471,310 shares held by Benchmark Capital Partners VII (AIV), L.P. BCP AIV ), as nominee for BCP AIV, Benchmark Founders Fund VII, L.P. BFF VII and Benchmark Founders Fund VII-B, L.P. BFF VII-B ), (ii) 1,000,000 shares held by The Bruce Elizabeth Dunlevie Living Trust (the Dunlevie Living Trust ), and (iii) 15,052 shares held by Mr. Dunlevie . Benchmark Capital Management Co. VII, L.L.C. BCMC VII is the general partner of each of BCP AIV, BFF VII and BFF VII-B and may be deemed to have sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by BCP AIV. Mr. Dunlevie is a managing member of BCMC VII and may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power over the shares held by BCP AIV, although Mr. Dunlevie disclaims beneficial ownership of any such shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Mr. Dunlevie is a trustee of the Dunlevie Living Trust. The address for each of these individuals and entities is c/o Benchmark, 2965 Woodside Road, Woodside, CA 94062. 
 (3) Represents 30,431 shares over which Mr. Hurwitz has the right to acquire dispositive power upon the vesting of RSUs as of or within 60 days after March 20, 2023. 
 (4) Represents (i) 14,659 shares over which Ms. Laury has dispositive power and (ii) 44,444 shares over which Ms. Laury has the right to acquire dispositive power upon the vesting of RSUs as of or within 60 days after March 20, 2023. 
 (5) Represents (i) 4,519,074 shares held by Insight Partners XII, L.P. ("IP XII"), (ii) 6,476 shares held by Insight Partners XII (Co- Investors), L.P. ("IP Co-Investors"), (iii) 116,625 shares held by Insight Partners XII (Co-Investors) (B), L.P. ("IP Co-Investors B"), (iv) 6,365,864 shares held by Insight Partners (Cayman) XII, L.P. ("IP Cayman"), (v) 460,931 shares held by Insight Partners (Delaware) XII, L.P. ("IP Delaware"), (vi) 1,031,030 shares held by Insight Partners (EU) XII, S.C.Sp. ("IP EU"), and (vii) 44,444 shares over which Mr. Parekh has the right to acquire dispositive power upon the vesting of RSUs as of or within 60 
 260 

Table of Contents 

 days after March 20, 2023. Mr. Parekh is a member of the board of managers of Insight Holdings Group, LLC ("Holdings"). Holdings is the sole shareholder of Insight Associates XII, Ltd. ("IVA XII Ltd"), which in turn is the general partner of Insight Associates XII, L.P. ("IVA XII LP"), which in turn is the general partner of each of IP XII, IP Co- Investors, IP Co-Investors B, IP Cayman and IP Delaware (collectively, the "Fund XII Entities", and collectively with IP EU, "Fund XII"). Holdings is the sole shareholder of Insight Associates (EU) XII, S.a.r.l. ("IA EU XII"), which in turn is the general partner of IP EU. Mr. Parekh disclaims beneficial ownership of all shares held by Fund XII, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The address for each of these entities is c/o 1114 Avenue of the Americas, 36th Floor, New York, NY 10036. 
 (6) Represents (i) 4,578,489 shares held by Mr. Ranadiv , (ii) 42,460 shares over which Mr. Ranadiv has the right to acquire dispositive power upon the vesting of RSUs as of or within 60 days after March 20, 2023 and (iii) 2,606,582 shares issuable to VIVEK RANADIVE TTEE VIVEK RANADIVE 2004 TRUST dated May 20, 2020, a trust for the benefit of Mr. Ranadiv , upon the exercise of warrants. 
 (7) Represents (i) 120,934 shares over which Mr. DeMatteis has dispositive power and (ii) 120,183 shares over which Mr. DeMatteis has the right to acquire dispositive power upon the exercise of stock options exercisable as of or within 60 days after March 20, 2023. 
 (8) Represents (i) 58,876 shares over which Ms. Catalano has dispositive power and (ii) 8,260 shares over which Ms. Catalano has the right to acquire dispositive power upon the exercise of stock options exercisable as of or within 60 days after March 20, 2023 
 (9) Represents (i) 209,144 shares over which Mr. Yazbeck has dispositive power and, (ii) 188,415 188,205 shares over which Mr. Yazbeck has the right to acquire dispositive power upon the exercise of stock options exercisable as of or within 60 days after March 20, 2023. 
 (10) The group of directors and officers includes Ms. Swidler, WeWork's Chief Legal Officer as of February 21, 2023, and does not include Mr. DeMatteis, WeWork's former Chief Legal Officer. Mr. DeMatteis appears in the beneficial ownership table because he is one of WeWork's named executive officers for fiscal year 2022. 
 (11) Represents (i) 320,298,461 shares held by SVF II WW Holdings (Cayman) Limited SVF Cayman ), (ii) 28,948,838 shares issuable to SVF Cayman, or its designee, upon exercise of the First Warrant, (iii) 4,049,587 shares held by SVF II WW (DE) LLC SVF DE (iv) 5,057,306 shares issuable to SVF DE upon exercise of the Penny Warrants, and (iv) 11,923,567 shares issuable to SVF DE upon exercise of the LC Warrant. SoftBank Vision Fund II-2 L.P. ("SVF II") is the sole limited partner of SVF II Aggregator (Jersey) L.P., which is the sole member of SVF II Holdings (DE) LLC, which is the sole member of SVF II WW (DE). SVF Cayman is a wholly owned subsidiary of SVF DE. SB Global Advisers Limited SBGA has been appointed as manager and is exclusively responsible for making all final decisions related to the acquisition, structuring, financing and disposal of SVF II s investments, including as held by SVF DE and SVF Cayman. The address for SVF II is 69 Grosvenor Street, London, X0 W1K 3JP, United Kingdom 
 (12) Represents 81,077,918 shares held by SVF Endurance (Cayman) Limited SVFE and 10,184,811 shares issuable to SVFE, or its designee, upon exercise of the First Warrant. SVFE is a wholly owned subsidiary of SoftBank Vision Fund (AIV M1) L.P. SoftBank Vision Fund ). SB Investment Advisers (UK) Limited SBIA UK has been appointed as alternative investment fund manager AIFM and is exclusively responsible for managing SoftBank Vision Fund in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive and is authorized and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority accordingly. As AIFM of SoftBank Vision Fund, SBIA UK is exclusively responsible for making all decisions related to the acquisition, structuring, financing, voting and disposal of SoftBank Vision Fund s investments. The address for SVFE is Walkers Corporate Limited, 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, Cayman Islands. 
 (13) Represents shares of Class A common stock and Class C common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Neumann. Mr. Neumann holds these shares through We Holdings LLC and Nazare Asset Management, L.P. Mr. Neumann controls these entities and has sole voting and dispositive power over all such shares. The address for Mr. Neumann, We Holdings LLC and Nazare Asset Management, L.P. is 1170 Kane Concourse, Suite 301, Bay Harbour, FL 33154. 
 (14) Represents securities beneficially owned, or that may be deemed to be beneficially owned, by FMR LLC, FIAM LLC, Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company, Fidelity Management Research Company LLC, Fidelity Management Trust Company, and Strategic Advisers LLC. Abigail P. Johnson is a Director, the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the President of FMR LLC. Members of the Johnson family, including Abigail P. Johnson, are the predominant owners, directly or through trusts, of Series B voting common shares of FMR LLC, representing 49 of the voting power of FMR LLC. The Johnson family group and all other Series B shareholders have entered into a shareholders voting agreement under which all Series B voting common shares will be voted in accordance with the majority vote of Series B voting common shares. Accordingly, through their ownership of voting common shares and the execution of the shareholders voting agreement, members of the Johnson family may be deemed, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, to form a controlling group with respect to FMR LLC. Neither FMR LLC nor Abigail P. Johnson has the sole power to vote or direct the voting of the shares owned directly by the various investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act Fidelity Funds advised by Fidelity Management Research Company FMR Co ), a wholly owned subsidiary of FMR LLC, which power resides with the Fidelity Funds Boards of Trustees. Fidelity Management Research Company carries out the voting of the shares under written guidelines established by the Fidelity Funds Boards of Trustees. The address for these holders is 245 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. 
 261 

Table of Contents 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 BowX Acquisition Corp. 
 Founder Stock 
 In May 2020, Legacy BowX issued Vivek Ranadiv 10,062,500 shares of Legacy BowX Class B Common Stock in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000 (such shares, the Founder Shares ). Prior to that initial investment of 25,000, Legacy BowX had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such stock would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of the initial public offering. In July 2020, Mr. Ranadiv transferred certain Founder Shares to the Sponsor, along with other individuals and entities (collectively with Mr. Ranadiv , the initial stockholder ), at the same price originally paid for such shares. In August 2020, Legacy BowX effected a stock dividend of 0.2 shares of Legacy BowX Class B Common Stock for each share of Legacy BowX Class B Common Stock outstanding, resulting in the initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 12,075,000 Founder Shares. At the Closing, Mr. Ranadiv transferred 1,811,250 Founder Shares to certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. for the same price originally paid for such shares. 
 On July 16, 2020, Legacy BowX, Vivek Ranadiv , Murray Rode and BlackRock Credit Alpha Master Fund, L.P. Alpha ), a fund managed by a subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc., entered into a subscription agreement whereby Alpha agreed to purchase 1,071,656 Founder Shares and 1,427,100 private placement warrants from Legacy BowX. These amounts were subsequently increased to 1,285,987 Founder Shares and 676,280 private placement warrants. The closing of the purchase of the private placement warrants occurred at the closing of the IPO of Legacy BowX. The closing of the purchase of the Founder Shares from Mr. Ranadiv occurred at the Closing. 
 On July 16, 2020, Legacy BowX, Mr. Ranadiv , Mr. Rode and HC NCBR Fund NCBR ), a fund managed by a subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc., entered into a subscription agreement whereby NCBR agreed to purchase 437,719 Founder Shares from Mr. Ranadiv and 582,900 private placement warrants from Legacy BowX. These amounts were subsequently increased to 525,263 Founder Shares and 1,655,720 private placement warrants. The closing of the purchase of the private placement warrants by NCBR from Legacy BowX occurred at the closing of the IPO of Legacy BowX. The closing of the purchase of the Founder Shares from Mr. Ranadiv occurred at the Closing. 
 The Founder Shares (including the Legacy BowX Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof pursuant to the Previous Charter) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 
 In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, certain of the initial stockholders, including Sponsor, forfeited an aggregate of 3,000,000 Founder Shares in accordance with the terms of the Share Cancellation Agreement dated as of March 25, 2021 by and among Legacy BowX, Sponsor and certain other initial stockholders (the Share Cancellation Agreement ). Pursuant to this agreement, Alpha and NCBR forfeited 309,500 and 130,500 Founder Shares respectively. The 9,075,000 shares of WeWork Common Stock into which the remaining 9,075,000 shares of Legacy BowX Class B Common Stock held by the initial stockholders automatically converted in connection with the First Merger, had an aggregate market value of 57 million based upon the closing price of 6.26 per shares of public stock on the NYSE on March 1, 2022, the most recent practicable date prior to the date of this prospectus. 
 On October 20, 2021, the Sponsor distributed the Founder Shares and private placement warrants that it held to its members, including Mr. Ranadiv , in accordance with the terms of Sponsor s operating agreement. 
 262 

Table of Contents 

 Private Placement Warrants 
 Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, Legacy BowX consummated the private placement of 6,933,333 warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of 10 million and incurring offering costs of approximately 8,000, for the Sponsor, certain of Legacy BowX s officers and directors and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. On August 13, 2020, simultaneously with the closing of the sale of additional units pursuant to the underwriters exercise of its overallotment option, Legacy BowX sold an additional 840,000 private placement warrants to the initial stockholders. As of the date of the Merger Agreement, there were 7,773,333 private placement warrants issued and outstanding. The purchasers of the private placement warrants have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the securities purchased in the private placement, including the underlying shares of Legacy BowX Common Stock (except to certain permitted transferees), until November 19, 2021. 
 On October 20, 2021, the Sponsor distributed the Founder Shares and private placement warrants that it held to its members, including Mr. Ranadiv , in accordance with the terms of Sponsor s operating agreement. 
 The 7,773,333 WeWork private placement warrants had an aggregate market value of 0.78 million based upon the closing price of 0.10 per public warrant on the NYSE on March 20, 2023. 
 Related Party Loans and Indemnification 
 On May 26, 2020, Vivek Ranadiv agreed to loan Legacy BowX up to an aggregate of 150,000 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note (the Note to cover expenses related to the initial public offering. This loan was payable without interest upon the completion of the initial public offering. Legacy BowX borrowed approximately 150,000 under the Note and received additional advances of approximately 45,000 of funds from Mr. Ranadiv , for a total outstanding loan of approximately 195,000. Legacy BowX fully repaid the Note and the advances to such officer on August 7, 2020. 
 In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination, the initial stockholders, officers and directors and their affiliates could have, but were not obligated to, loan the Legacy BowX funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). Prior to the completion of the Business Combination, Legacy BowX had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans and did not seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor and Sponsor Persons, or their affiliates. 
 Legacy BowX Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 
 Legacy BowX s code of ethics required them to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions were defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved would or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) Legacy BowX or any of its subsidiaries was a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of Legacy BowX Common Stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), had or would have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation could arise when a person took actions or had interests that may have made it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may have also arose if a person, or a member of his or her family, received improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 
 Legacy BowX s audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, was responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent Legacy BowX entered into such transactions. The audit committee considered all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party transaction was on terms no less favorable to Legacy 
 263 

Table of Contents 

 BowX than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. No director participated in the approval of any transaction in which he was a related party, but that director was required to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. Legacy BowX also required each of its directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures were intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impaired the independence of a director or presented a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 
 WeWork 
 As a result of the Business Combination completed on October 20, 2021, prior period share and per share amounts presented in the below discussion have been retroactively converted using the Exchange Ratio. Please see Note 3 of the notes to our audited annual Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K for additional information on the Business Combination . 
 Financing Transactions 
 Secured Notes 
 In August 2020, the Issuers entered into a Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement for up to an aggregate principal amount of 1.1 billion of senior secured debt in the form of 12.50 senior secured notes. 
 
 In March 2021, the Issuer and the Notes Purchaser agreed to amend and restate the terms of the Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement that governs the SoftBank Senior Secured Notes allowing the Company to borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 550 million of senior secured debt in the form of 7.50 senior secured notes. 
 
 In October 2021, the Issuers and the Notes Purchaser entered into the Secured NPA for up to an aggregate principal amount of 550 million of senior secured debt in the form of 7.50 Secured Notes. Entry into the Secured NPA superseded and terminated the Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement and the letter agreement pursuant to which the Company would enter into the Secured NPA. In December 2021, the Issuers and the Notes Purchaser entered into an amendment to the Secured NPA pursuant to which the Notes Purchaser agreed to extend its commitment to purchase up to an aggregate principal amount of 500 million of Secured Notes that may be issued by the Issuers under the Secured NPA from February 12, 2023 to February 12, 2024. 
 
 In November 2022, the Issuers, the Notes Purchaser and SVF II entered into a second amendment to the Secured NPA pursuant to which, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) the Commitment, Draw Period (each as defined in the Secured NPA), and maturity date of the Secured Notes were extended from February 12, 2024 to March 15, 2025 (such period from February 12, 2024 to March 15, 2025, the Second Extension Period), (ii) the maximum aggregate principal amount of Secured Notes subject to the Commitment or that may be issued and outstanding at any time was reduced to 500 million, subject to potential additional reductions to approximately 446 million during the Second Extension Period to take into account interest that may accrue and be payable in-kind during such period, (iii) the interest per annum payable on the Secured Notes outstanding during all or a portion of the Second Extension Period will increase from 7.50 to 11.00 during such period and such interest shall be payable in-kind during such period by increasing the principal amount of the Secured Notes then outstanding, (iv) the Notes Purchaser assigned its rights and obligations under the Secured NPA to SVF II and (v) the Company agreed to pay SVF II a commitment fee of 10 million, to be paid in quarterly installments beginning on January 10, 2024. The Company has the ability to draw the Secured Notes under the Secured NPA until March 15, 2025 and the Secured Notes will mature on March 15, 2025. Following the entry into the Transaction Support Agreement (as defined herein) in March 2023, the Company may draw upon the remaining 250 million in aggregate principal of Secured Notes, each draw subject to the terms of the Secured NPA, subject to the following schedule: (i) a draw request of 
 264 

Table of Contents 

 50 million which may be made no earlier than April 1, 2023; (ii) a subsequent draw request of no more than 75 million which may be made no earlier than May 1, 2023; (iii) another subsequent draw request of no more than 75 million which may be made no earlier than June 1, 2023; and if applicable, (iv) a draw request of 50 million thereafter. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no draw notices had been delivered pursuant to the Secured NPA and no Secured Notes were outstanding. In January 2023, the Issuers issued and sold 250 million of Secured Notes to SVF II under the Secured NPA. 
 
 5.00 Senior Notes 
 
 To formalize SBG's October 2019 commitment to provide WeWork Companies LLC with up to 2.2 billion of unsecured debt, on December 27, 2019, the Issuers and the Notes Purchaser, entered into the Unsecured NPA, pursuant to which the Notes Purchaser agreed to purchase from the Issuers up to 2.2 billion of 5.00 Senior Notes. Starting on July 10, 2020, the Issuers issued and sold 2.2 billion of 5.00 Senior Notes in multiple closings to the Notes Purchaser. 
 
 The 5.00 Senior Notes will mature on July 10, 2025 and bear interest at 5.00 per annum, payable semi-annually in cash. However, because the associated warrants obligate the Company to issue shares in the future, the implied interest rate upon closing was approximately 11.69 . 
 
 Pursuant to the Unsecured NPA, the Notes Purchaser may notify the Issuer that it intends to engage an investment bank or investment banks to offer and sell all or a portion of the 5.00 Senior Notes outstanding to third-party investors in a private placement. On December 16, 2021, following the Notes Purchaser s exercise of its resale rights under the Unsecured NPA, the Issuers amended and restated the Original Unsecured Indenture to subdivide the 5.00 Senior Notes into two series, one of which consisted of 550 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.00 Senior Notes, Series II, and the other consisted of the remaining 1.65 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I, and the Notes Purchaser (through certain initial purchasers) resold the 5.00 Senior Notes due 2025, Series II, to qualified investors in a private offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act. The 5.00 Senior Notes, Series I, remain held by the Notes Purchaser. The A R Unsecured Indenture contains negative covenants that are substantially similar to those included in the Unsecured Indenture, as further described above. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate principal amount of 2.2 billion of 5.00 Senior Notes were issued and none remained available for draw. The aggregate principal amount of 2.2 billion is reflected as 5.00 Senior Notes payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Credit Agreement and Reimbursement Agreement 
 
 On December 27, 2019, WeWork Companies LLC entered into the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement initially provided for a 1.75 billion senior secured letter of credit reimbursement facility, which was made available on February 10, 2020, for the support of WeWork Companies LLC's or its subsidiaries' obligations. As described further below, in May 2022, the existing 2020 LC Facility was amended and subdivided into a 1.25 billion Senior LC Tranche, which was then scheduled to automatically decrease to 1.05 billion in February 2023 and terminate in February 2024, and a 350 million Junior LC Tranche, which was then scheduled to terminate in November 2023. In December 2022, the Credit Agreement was further amended to, among other things, (i) extend the termination date of the existing Senior LC Tranche to March 14, 2025, and (ii) reduce the Senior LC Tranche to 1.1 billion, with a further decrease to 930 million on February 10, 2023. In February 2023, WeWork Companies LLC entered into a further amendment to the Credit Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the Junior LC Tranche was increased to 470 million and extended to terminate in March 2025, and the Senior LC Tranche was increased from 930 million to 960 million. 
 
 265 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, 1.1 billion of standby letters of credit were outstanding under the Senior LC Tranche, of which none were drawn. As of December 31, 2022, there was 21 million in remaining letter of credit availability under the Senior LC Tranche. Upon effectiveness of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, 1.1 billion of standby letters of credit were outstanding under our Senior LC Facility, of which none were drawn. In addition, as of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, approximately 100 million of contingent obligations in respect of letters of credit issued under our Senior LC Facility are required to be cash collateralized in the amount of 105 of the stated amount thereof. 
 
 The letter of credit facilities under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Guarantors and are secured by substantially all the assets of WeWork Companies LLC and the Guarantors, in each case, subject to customary exceptions, with the obligations under the Junior LC Tranche subordinated to the obligations under the Senior LC Tranche to extent of the value of the collateral securing such obligations. The Credit Agreement and related documentation contain customary reimbursement provisions, representations, warranties, events of default and affirmative covenants (including with respect to cash management) for letter of credit facilities of this type. The negative covenants applicable to WeWork Companies LLC and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Credit Agreement) are limited to cash management requirements and restrictions on liens (subject to exceptions substantially consistent with the indenture governing the 7.875 Senior Notes), changes in line of business, incurrence of "layering" indebtedness, and disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of WeWork Companies LLC. 
 
 On May 10, 2022, the Company and the other parties thereto entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the "Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement") pursuant to which the then existing facilities under the Credit Agreement were amended and subdivided into a 1.25 billion Senior LC Tranche, which was scheduled to decrease to 1.05 billion in February 2023, and the 350 million Junior LC Tranche. The letter of credit under the Junior LC Tranche was issued and drawn for the benefit of WeWork Companies LLC in full upon effectiveness of the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. At the time of entry into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the termination date of the Junior LC Tranche was November 30, 2023 and the termination date of the Senior LC Tranche was February 9, 2024. Following the entry into the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche bore interest at the Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), with a floor of 0.75 , plus 6.50 , with an option to convert all or a portion of the outstanding obligations to the ABR (as defined in the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement) plus 5.50 on or after August 10, 2022. As a result of the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche were voluntarily repayable at any time, subject to a prepayment fee such that the minimum return to the letter of credit participants under the Junior LC Tranche on the Junior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations was an amount equal to the sum of 6.50 (the Applicable Margin of the Junior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations) and 2.00 of the total principal amount of the Junior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations, as set forth in the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Obligations of WeWork Companies LLC and its restricted subsidiaries under the Junior LC Tranche are subordinated in right of payment to the obligations under the Senior LC Tranche to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such obligations. 
 In December 2022, the Company and the other parties thereto entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) extend the then termination date of the Senior LC Tranche to March 14, 2025, (ii) replace SBG with SVF II as an obligor with respect to the Senior LC Tranche and (iii) reduce the Senior LC Tranche to 1.1 billion, with a subsequent automatic decrease to 930 million on February 10, 2023. The reimbursement obligations under the Senior LC Tranche were amended to an amount equal to the sum of (i) 6.00 - 6.75 , based on the relevant Rating Level Period (as defined in the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement), and (ii) 2.00 of the total principal amount of the Senior LC Tranche reimbursement obligations, as set forth in the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement provided for the resignation of SBG as the obligor and assumption by SVF II of all of SBG s obligations with respect to the Senior LC Tranche. The Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement provided that the total senior letter of credit tranche commitments may be increased to an amount not to exceed 1.25 billion until February 10, 2023 and 1.05 billion thereafter with additional 
 266 

Table of Contents 

 commitments. The Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement also provides that if letter of credit reimbursements under the senior letter of credit tranche are made by SVF II, the commitments in respect of the senior letter of credit tranche will be reduced by a corresponding amount. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company and the other parties thereto entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) the Junior LC Tranche was increased by 120 million to 470 million, (ii) the termination date of the Junior LC Tranche was extended from November 30, 2023 to March 7, 2025, (iii) the interest margin applicable to the Junior LC Tranche was increased from 6.50 to 9.90 for reimbursement obligations, and (iv) the Senior LC Tranche was increased from 930 million to 960 million. The additional 120 million letter of credit under the Junior LC Tranche was issued and drawn for the benefit of WeWork Companies LLC in full upon effectiveness of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The reimbursement obligations under the Junior LC Tranche remain voluntarily repayable at any time, subject to a prepayment fee in connection with prepayments made during the 18 months following the date of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, in the amount of the net present value of interest that would have accrued on such amounts prepaid from the prepayment date to the date that is 18 months following the date of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, discounted by the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement). See Note 17 and Note 26 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details. In connection with the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the A R Reimbursement Agreement was amended to, among other things, substitute SVF II instead of SBG with respect to the junior letter of credit reimbursement rights and obligations and adjusts WeWork s reimbursement rights and obligations to each party accordingly. In addition, the amendment modified the fees payable by WeWork Companies LLC under the A R Reimbursement Agreement, such that no fees will be owed to SVF II in respect of the Junior LC Facility through November 30, 2023 and thereafter fees will accrue at 6.5 of the aggregate reimbursement obligations thereunder, compounding quarterly and payable at the earlier of March 7, 2025 and termination or acceleration of the Junior LC Tranche. 
 
 In connection with the Credit Agreement, WeWork Companies LLC also entered into the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement with SBG pursuant to which (i) SBG agreed to pay substantially all of the fees and expenses payable in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the Company agreed to reimburse SBG for certain of such fees and expenses (including fronting fees up to an amount of 0.125 on the undrawn and unexpired amount of the letters of credit, plus any fronting fees in excess of 0.415 on the undrawn and unexpired amount of the letters of credit) as well as to pay SBG a fee of 5.475 on the amount of all outstanding letters of credit and (iii) the Guarantors agreed to guarantee the obligations of WeWork Companies LLC under the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement. In December 2021, the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement was amended following the entry into the Amended Credit Support Letter to, among other things, change the fees payable by WeWork Companies LLC to SBG to (i) 2.875 of the face amount of letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement (drawn and undrawn), payable quarterly in arrears, plus (ii) the amount of any issuance fees payable on the outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement, which as of December 31, 2021, was equal to 2.6 of the face amount of letters of credit issued under the Senior LC Facility (drawn and undrawn). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 63 million and 82 million respectively, in interest expense in connection with amounts payable to SBG pursuant to the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement. In May 2022, in connection with the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement was amended to clarify that the payment obligations of certain fees and expenses in respect of the Junior LC Tranche related to the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement are the responsibility of the Company and not SBG, as described above. In December 2022, the Company, SBG and SVF II entered into an Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement (as further amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the "A R Reimbursement Agreement"), which amended and restated the Company/SBG Reimbursement Agreement, to, among other things, (i) substitute SVF II instead of SBG with respect to the Senior LC Tranche, (ii) retain SBG's role with respect to the Junior LC Tranche and (iii) amend the fees payable by the Company such that no fees will be owed to SVF II in respect of the senior letter of credit issued 
 267 

Table of Contents 

 through February 10, 2024 and thereafter fees will accrue at 7.045 of the face amount of the Senior LC Tranche, compounding quarterly and payable at the earlier of March 14, 2025 and termination or acceleration of the Senior LC Tranche. 
 In February 2023, the Company, SBG and SVF II entered into the First Amendment to the A R Reimbursement Agreement to, among other things, substitute SVF II instead of SBG with respect to the Junior LC Tranche and adjust the Company's reimbursement rights and obligations to each party accordingly. In addition the amendment modified the fees payable by the Company under the A R Reimbursement Agreement, such that no fee would be owed to SVF II in respect of the Junior LC Tranche through November 30, 2023 and thereafter fees would accrue at 6.5 of the aggregate reimbursement obligations thereunder, compounding quarterly and payable at the earlier of March 7, 2025 and termination or acceleration of the Junior LC Tranche. 
 The First Warrants 
 On October 20, 2021, WeWork issued to (i) SVF Cayman, a warrant (the SVF Cayman Warrant to purchase 28,948,838 shares of Class A common stock, subject to the terms set forth therein, at a price per share equal to 0.01 and (ii) SVFE a warrant (the SVFE Warran t and, together with the SVF Cayman Warrant, the First Warrants to purchase 10,184,811 shares of Class A common stock, subject to the terms set forth therein, at a price per share equal to 0.01. On the Closing Date, the First Warrants had a fair value of 406 million. The First Warrants will expire on the tenth anniversary of the Closing Date. 
 The First Warrants issued to SVF Cayman and SVFE were an inducement to obtain SVF Cayman s and SVFE s, and their respective affiliates , support in effectuating the automatic conversion of Legacy WeWork preferred stock on a one-to-one basis to Legacy WeWork common stock. 
 The LC Warrant 
 On December 6, 2021, WeWork issued to SBG the LC Warrant to purchase 11,923,567 shares of Class A common stock, subject to the terms set forth therein, at a price per share equal to 0.01. The LC Warrant expires on December 6, 2031. 
 The LC Warrant was issued to SBG as consideration for SBG agreeing to continue to act as co-obligor under Legacy WeWork s existing debt facility for the extension period of one year. The fair value of the LC Warrant at issuance of 102 million was recognized in Additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In March 2022, the LC Warrant was transferred to SVF II WW (DE) LLC. The LC Warrant will expire on December 6, 2031, the tenth anniversary of the date of issuance. The effective interest rate on the LC Facility Termination Extension is 12.780 , consisting of 5.475 cash and 7.305 warrants. 
 Transactions Related to the Business Combination 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we entered into the Registration Rights Agreement with certain stockholders, including SVF Cayman, SVFE and SVF DE. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, we agreed to register for resale, pursuant to the Securities Act, certain shares of Class A common stock and other equity securities of the Company that are held by the parties thereto from time to time. In certain circumstances, various parties to the Registration Rights Agreement can collectively demand up to nine underwritten offerings and are entitled to piggyback registration rights, in each case subject to certain limitations set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 PIPE Investment 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Legacy BowX entered into separate Subscription Agreements with the PIPE Investors, pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to 
 268 

Table of Contents 

 purchase, and Legacy BowX agreed to sell to the PIPE Investors the PIPE Investment. The PIPE Investment was consummated substantially concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. Bruce Dunlevie, who currently serves on our board of directors and is a director nominee, participated in the PIPE Investment through a family trust entity on the same terms and conditions as the other PIPE Investors for an aggregate purchase price of 10 million. 
 FIRPTA Letter 
 On March 25, 2021, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, SVF Cayman, SVFE, which is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank Vision Fund, Legacy BowX and Legacy WeWork entered into a letter agreement related to Legacy WeWork s potential current or future status as a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, and related tax withholding matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 
 Tender Offer and Settlement Agreement 
 In October 2019, Legacy WeWork entered into an agreement with SBG pursuant to which SVF Cayman launched a tender offer in November 2019 to purchase up to 3.0 billion of Legacy WeWork s equity securities (including securities underlying vested options, exercisable warrants and convertible notes) from eligible equity holders of Legacy WeWork, at a price of 23.23 per share (the 2020 Tender Offer ). The 2020 Tender Offer was scheduled to expire in April 2020. The closure of the 2020 Tender Offer was contingent on satisfaction of certain conditions as of the expiration date. 
 In April 2020, SVF Cayman terminated and withdrew its offer to purchase the equity securities of Legacy WeWork because it asserted the failure of various conditions to its obligations to close the 2020 Tender Offer. A committee of independent Legacy WeWork directors, acting in the name of Legacy WeWork, filed a complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against SBG and SoftBank Vision Fund asserting claims in relation to SBG s withdrawal of the 2020 Tender Offer. Separately, Adam Neumann (the former CEO of Legacy WeWork) and Mr. Neumann s affiliated investment vehicle, WE Holdings LLC, filed a similar lawsuit against SBG and SoftBank Vision Fund. On February 25, 2021, all parties entered a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement ), the terms of which resolved the 2020 Tender Offer litigation and resulted in the claims brought by such committee, acting in the name of Legacy WeWork, and by Mr. Neumann and WE Holdings LLC being dismissed. The Settlement Agreement includes the following: 
 The launch of a new tender offer . Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, on March 10, 2021, SVF Cayman launched a tender offer to acquire 922 million of Legacy WeWork s equity securities (including certain equity awards, exercisable warrants and convertible notes) from eligible equity holders of Legacy WeWork, at a price of 23.23 per share (the 2021 Tender Offer ). Mr. Neumann, WE Holdings LLC and certain of their related parties separately sold shares to SBG and its affiliates as described below; therefore, they were excluded from the 2021 Tender Offer and could not tender shares. The 2021 Tender Offer closed in part on April 12, 2021, and in full on April 15, 2021, whereupon SVF Cayman acquired an aggregate of 39,678,319 shares (including shares issued upon exercise and conversion of certain equity awards, exercisable warrants and convertible notes). 
 Certain governance changes . The transactions contemplated by the Settlement Agreement also included the elimination of Legacy WeWork s multi-class voting structure. As a result of the Legacy WeWork Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the transactions contemplated by the Settlement Agreement, on February 26, 2021, all of the outstanding shares of Legacy WeWork s class B common stock automatically converted into shares of Legacy WeWork s class A common stock (the Legacy WeWork Class B Conversion and the shares of Legacy WeWork s Class C Common Stock were adjusted to have one vote per share, instead of three. The Legacy WeWork Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provided that if, following the Legacy WeWork Class B Conversion, new shares of Legacy WeWork class B common stock are issued pursuant to (i) the exercise of options to 
 269 

Table of Contents 

 purchase shares of Legacy WeWork class B common stock outstanding as of the date of the Legacy WeWork Class B Conversion, (ii) securities convertible into shares of Legacy WeWork class B common stock outstanding as of the date of the Legacy WeWork Class B Conversion, or (iii) other circumstances which are specified in the Legacy WeWork Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, such new shares would have been automatically converted into shares of Legacy WeWork class A common stock immediately following the time such new shares of Legacy WeWork class B common stock would have been issued. These governance changes were relevant during the period prior to the closing of the Business Combination. 
 Settlement paymen t. In connection with the Settlement Agreement, SBG and its affiliates paid Mr. Neumann an amount equal to 106 million. No expense was recorded in Legacy WeWork's Consolidated Statements of Operations, as it did not benefit Legacy WeWork. 
 Sale of stock to SBG . In connection with the Settlement Agreement, SBG and its affiliates purchased 24,901,342 shares of class B common stock of Legacy WeWork from WE Holdings LLC at a price per share of 23.23, representing an aggregate purchase price of 578 million. The Company recorded a 428 million expense, which represents the excess between the amount paid from a principal stockholder of Legacy WeWork to WE Holdings LLC and the fair value of the stock purchased. Legacy WeWork recognized the expense in Restructuring and other related (gains) costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three-months ended March 31, 2021, with a corresponding increase in Additional paid-in capital, representing a deemed capital contribution by SBG in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Proxy and observer changes . In connection with the Settlement Agreement, Mr. Neumann s proxy and future right to designate directors to Legacy WeWork s board of directors were eliminated. The Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement eliminated all proxies by Mr. Neumann in favor of Legacy WeWork s board of directors, eliminated Mr. Neumann s right to observe meetings of Legacy WeWork s board of directors and removed Mr. Neumann s future rights to designate directors to Legacy WeWork s board of directors (which would have been available to Mr. Neumann upon elimination of his financial obligations with and to SBG). Mr. Neumann s right to observe meetings of Legacy WeWork s board of directors was replaced by a new agreement, which provides that beginning on February 26, 2022, Mr. Neumann may designate himself or a representative to serve as an observer entitled to attend all meetings of WeWork's board of directors and certain committees thereof in a non-voting capacity. In the event that Mr. Neumann designates himself, SBG has the right following consultation with Mr. Neumann, to designate another individual to attend such meetings, and such individual shall be subject to Softbank's approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Pursuant to this agreement, Mr. Neumann s right will terminate on the date on which Mr. Neumann ceases to beneficially own equity securities representing at least 15,720,950 shares of WeWork Class A Common Stock (on an as-converted basis and as adjusted for stock splits, dividends and the like). 
 Although WeWork expects that Mr. Neumann or his representative may express views or may ask questions, there is no such contractual entitlement beyond attending in a customary nonvoting observer capacity, and WeWork s board and committee meetings are presided over by the relevant chairpersons and subject to such procedures governing conduct of the meeting as may be adopted by the board or relevant committee. The agreement governing the observer right does not entitle Mr. Neumann to participate in any conversations among directors outside of formal meetings of the WeWork board and its applicable committees. Similarly, the agreement does not give Mr. Neumann the right to influence decisions to be made or actions to be taken by the WeWork board or committees. To the extent Mr. Neumann exercises his observer right, he (or his representative) will participate in meetings of the WeWork board and its applicable committees as a nonvoting board observer not as a director. 
 The agreement governing the observer right requires that Mr. Neumann or his representative agree to hold in confidence all information provided under such agreement. WeWork has also reserved the right under such agreement to withhold information and exclude Mr. Neumann or his representative from any meeting or portion thereof to the extent reasonably likely to adversely affect the attorney-client privilege 
 270 

Table of Contents 

 between WeWork and its counsel or result in disclosure of trade secrets or a conflict of interest, or if there has been a violation of Mr. Neumann s restrictive covenant obligations to WeWork. 
 Profits interest amendments . In connection with the Settlement Agreement, the WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units held by Mr. Neumann (as described below under the section titled WeWork Partnership) became fully vested and were amended to have a catch-up base amount of 0. The distribution threshold was adjusted downward based on closing date pricing of the Business Combination. In Connection with the Business Combination, Mr. Neumann elected to convert his WeWork Partnerships Profits Interest Units into WeWork Partnership Class A Common Units. 
 In addition to the transactions and governance changes described above, the Settlement Agreement contains customary releases of claims by the parties, a commitment to continue existing indemnification arrangements and maintain insurance coverage for the benefit of Mr. Neumann with respect to his former capacities at Legacy WeWork, provisions related to confidentiality, public announcements, media inquiries and publicity concerning the Settlement Agreement or Mr. Neumann s tenure at WeWork, and provisions concerning the intended tax treatment of certain of the payments under the Settlement Agreement. In addition, in connection with the Settlement Agreement, Mr. Neumann entered into a non-compete agreement with both Legacy WeWork and SBG. Legacy WeWork does not have any financial obligation to Mr. Neumann under this agreement. 
 Other Transactions 
 Transactions with Softbank 
 Sound Ventures 
 In June 2021, an affiliate of SBG acquired Legacy WeWork s limited partnership interest in Sound Ventures II, L.P. Such affiliate of SBG assumed the commitment to remit approximately 2 million to Sound Ventures II, L.P. when and as called, and funded Legacy WeWork for its limited partnership interest based on its already funded contributions of approximately 6 million. 
 International Joint Ventures and Strategic Partnerships 
 In September 2021, an affiliate of SBG and Legacy WeWork closed on the formation of a joint venture to operate the Company s businesses in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile and Argentina LatamCo under the WeWork brand. Upon forming the joint venture, the Company contributed its businesses in the countries listed above, committed to fund 13 million, and remains as guarantor on certain lease obligations. The Softbank Latin America Fund committed to fund 80 million. In addition, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a definitive agreement, effective as of February 15, 2022, pursuant to which it contributed the Company s business in Costa Rica to LatamCo and granted LatamCo the exclusive right to operate the Company s business in Costa Rica under the WeWork brand, in exchange for a waiver by SBG of its rights to be reimbursed by an affiliate of WeWork for 7 million. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company that operates the Company s business in Japan JapanCo entered into a management agreement with an affiliate of SBG pursuant to which a WeWork location in Japan operates a floor in a building owned by such affiliate, with no rent or minimum monthly payments, in exchange for a fixed monthly fee of approximately 9,500 per month and a 15 incentive fee of building profits. 
 In September 2021, JapanCo entered into a series of transactions with OfaaS Corp., an affiliate of SBG OfaaS ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to (i) a revenue sharing arrangement where JapanCo will pay OfaaS 5 of sales derived from JapanCo s strategic partnership with JR East Japan Station Work as compensation for OfaaS role in brokering and negotiating such strategic partnership, (ii) a secondment and consulting arrangement pursuant to which OfaaS will provide JapanCo with personnel and other resources to perform certain sales services (including sales operations, reporting, enterprise strategy, broker relations and marketing support) for a period of six months at a cost of 15 million per 
 271 

Table of Contents 

 month, and (iii) terminate JapanCo s prior sales service agreement with OfaaS and enter into a new broker agreement pursuant to JapanCo s standard terms of service, with an exception to permit OfaaS (unlike JapanCo s other brokers) to refer, and receive referral fees from JapanCo for, its and SBG s affiliates. 
 Membership and Service Agreements 
 WeWork has entered into membership agreements and/or other agreements relating to the provision of services with affiliates of SBG and SoftBank Vision Fund. WeWork believes that all such arrangements have been entered into in the ordinary course of business and have been conducted on an arm s-length basis. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Legacy WeWork earned 45 million from such agreements with affiliates of SBG and SoftBank Vision Fund. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Legacy WeWork recognized expenses of approximately 5 million for services provided by SBG and its affiliates. 
 JapanCo/SBKK Referral Agreement 
 On March 25, 2022, JapanCo entered into an agreement with an affiliate of SBG pursuant to which such affiliate will refer potential members to JapanCo in return for commissions equal to 10 of the membership fees paid to JapanCo by referred members. 
 JapanCo Funding by WeWork 
 On March 8, 2022, the board of directors of the Company approved a transaction pursuant to which WeWork APAC Partner Holdings B.V., an indirect subsidiary of the Company, will participate in JapanCo's equity capital raise alongside JapanCo's other existing shareholders. Each of the shareholders will contribute its pro rata portion based on the amount of its existing equity interest in JapanCo, with the Company's subsidiary contributing 33 million. 
 Legacy Transactions with Former CEO 
 WeWork Partnership 
 In July 2019, Legacy WeWork completed a reorganization into an umbrella partnership C corporation UP-C structure. Following the Business Combination, WeWork is the ultimate holding company for the subsidiaries we use to operate our business and hold our assets. WeWork s primary assets, held through wholly owned subsidiaries, are non-controlling limited partner interests and a controlling general partner interest in an operating partnership, the WeWork Partnership. As a result of its interests in the general partner of the WeWork Partnership, and subject to certain restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement, WeWork generally controls all of the affairs and decision-making of the WeWork Partnership. As such, WeWork is responsible for all operational and administrative decisions of the WeWork Partnership and the day-to-day management of the WeWork Partnership s business. 
 Partnership interests do not have any direct voting rights with respect to WeWork. However, each holder of partnership interests in the WeWork Partnership (other than direct and indirect subsidiaries of WeWork) holds one share of WeWork Class C common stock per partnership interest. The WeWork Class C common stock has one vote per share. The WeWork Class C common stock has no economic rights. 
 Subject to certain restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement, holders of partnership interests (other than direct and indirect subsidiaries of WeWork) may exchange their partnership interests for (at WeWork s election) shares of WeWork Class A common stock or cash. Upon the exchange of partnership interests in the WeWork Partnership for shares of WeWork Class A common stock or cash or the forfeiture of unvested partnership interests in the WeWork Partnership, the corresponding shares of WeWork Class C common stock will be redeemed. 
 272 

Table of Contents 

 The exchange of partnership interests as described above is taxable to the individual making such exchange and, to the extent that the individual has taxable gain on the exchange, results in a benefit to WeWork in the form of increased tax basis in WeWork s assets and therefore greater depreciation deductions. However, unlike in many UP-C structures, no holder of a profits interest or other interest in the WeWork Partnership is entitled to a tax receivable payment or other similar payment by WeWork in respect of tax attributes that may accrue to it upon the exchange of such profits interest or other interest for cash or shares of WeWork Class A common stock. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement, except with respect to tax distributions, WeWork has the authority to determine when ordinary distributions will be made to the holders of partnership interests in the WeWork Partnership and the amounts of any such distributions. If WeWork authorizes an ordinary distribution by the WeWork Partnership, such distribution will generally be made first to the wholly owned subsidiaries of WeWork until the aggregate distributions equal the aggregate distribution threshold , and then shared among all partners, including the holders of vested WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units. Like the other partners in the WeWork Partnership, WeWork may incur U.S. federal, and applicable state and local, income taxes on its wholly owned subsidiaries distributive shares of any net taxable income of the WeWork Partnership. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, cash distributions will be made to these subsidiaries and the other holders of partnership interests (including WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units) in the WeWork Partnership in amounts intended to be sufficient for such holders to pay their respective U.S. federal, and applicable associated state and local, income tax liabilities with respect to such net taxable income. Any and all such tax distributions shall reduce subsequent ordinary and liquidating distributions otherwise payable to these wholly owned subsidiaries and the other holders of partnership interests (including WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units) in the WeWork Partnership. 
 Holders of vested WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units may receive value from their awards in two ways by receiving distributions or by, at the election of the holder, (a) converting their WeWork Partnership Profits Interest Units into WeWork Partnership Class A Common Units, or (b) exchanging (along with the corresponding shares of WeWork Class C Common Stock) their WeWork Partnership Profits Interest Units for (at WeWork s election) shares of WeWork Class A common stock or cash of an equivalent value. 
 In February 2021, in connection with the Settlement Agreement, the WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units held by Mr. Neumann in the WeWork Partnership became fully vested and were amended to have a catch-up base amount of 0. As a result, Mr. Neumann held 19,896,032 fully vested WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units prior to the Business Combination. The per unit distribution thresholds for Mr. Neumann s WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units were also amended in connection with the Settlement Agreement to initially be 10.00, subject to further downward adjustment based on the closing date pricing of the Business Combination. In connection with the Business Combination, the number of Mr. Neumann s WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units was adjusted to equal 19,896,032 WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units and the distribution thresholds for Mr. Neumann s WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units were adjusted downwards based on the closing date pricing of the Business Combination. On October 21, 2021, Mr. Neumann elected to convert his WeWork Partnership Class PI Common Units into 19,896,032 WeWork Partnership Class A Common Units which, subject to certain restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement, can be exchanged for (at WeWork s election) shares of WeWork Class A common stock or cash. On December 31, 2021 Mr. Neumann transferred all of his WeWork Partnership Class A Common Units to NAM WWC Holdings, LLC, which is Mr. Neumann s affiliated investment vehicle. 
 Real Estate Transactions 
 WeWork is, or was, also party to lease agreements for four commercial properties with landlord entities in which Mr. Neumann had or has an ownership interest. These leases, individually and in the aggregate, are not material to WeWork s operations and entry into these lease agreements was duly approved by Legacy WeWork. As of December 31, 2022, WeWork was no longer a party to three of the 
 273 

Table of Contents 

 four leases and future undiscounted minimum lease payments under the remaining lease represented less than 0.1 of WeWork s total lease commitments. During the year ended December 31, 2022, WeWork had a contractual obligation totaling 3 million to the landlord entities under these leases. During the year ended December 31, 2022, WeWork made no base rent payments with respect to any of these buildings, nor did Legacy WeWork receive any payments from the landlord entities in the form of tenant improvement reimbursements related to these leases. 
 Terms for termination of two of these lease agreements were agreed in February 2021 and one of the two was formally terminated on August 6, 2021 and the other lease was formally terminated on February 21, 2022 upon receipt of the necessary ordinary course approvals. The negotiations for the two lease terminations occurred in the ordinary course and on arms length terms. With respect to the lease that was formally terminated in August 2021, the terms of termination included the landlord entity s surrender and return of a 3 million letter of credit in exchange for payment of the corresponding amounts of the letter of credit, and the landlord entity s forgiveness of the remaining rent amounts then owed. With respect to the lease that was formally terminated in February 2022, the terms of termination included the tenant entity s release of 1 million in unpaid tenant improvement allowances that had been held in escrow in exchange for the forgiveness of certain tenant responsibilities under the lease and the landlord entity s forgiveness of the remaining rent amounts then owed. In addition, one of the other leases was assigned to a third-party in June 2021 and, therefore, WeWork is no longer a party to the lease agreement. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 The Company has entered into an indemnification agreement with each of our directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements, our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. We believe these agreements and provisions are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 
 Policies and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons 
 Our Board recognizes that transactions with related parties can present potential or actual conflicts of interest, and may raise questions as to whether those transactions are consistent with our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. Therefore, our Board has adopted a written policy on transactions with any related party, which is defined as any person who, since the beginning of our last fiscal year, is, or at any time was, a director, executive officer or nominee for director, any beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our capital stock, any of their immediate family members, and any entity in which the foregoing persons is employed or is a general partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 5 or greater beneficial ownership interest. 
 Under the policy, a related party must promptly disclose to our Chief Legal Officer or certain other members of management (A) any transaction in which WeWork was, is or will be a participant and that related party had, has or will have a direct or indirect interest and (B) all material facts. Management then will make an initial assessment as to whether the transaction constitutes a related party transaction that would be reportable by WeWork pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, in which case the transaction would require approval by either a majority of the independent members of our Board who are disinterested with respect to such transaction or the majority of the members of our Audit Committee. 
 From time to time and as needed, our Board also forms a special committee of independent directors as needed to review, evaluate and negotiate certain transactions involving SoftBank Group Corp., SoftBank Vision Fund (AIV M1) L.P. and/or one or more of their respective affiliates (collectively, SoftBank given Softbank s ownership interests in the Company and representation on our board. 
 274 

Table of Contents 

 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The Audit Committee engaged Ernst Young LLP ("EY") to perform an annual audit of the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. The Audit Committee was responsible for the determination and approval of audit fees primarily based on audit scope, and considering the audit team s skills and experiences. Pursuant to SEC rules, the fees billed by EY are disclosed in the table below. The Audit Committee concluded that the provision of the non-audit services listed below is compatible with maintaining EY s independence. 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in millions) 
 2022 2021 Audit Fees (1) 
 8 6 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 Total Fees 8 6 
 (1) Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our Consolidated Financial Statements, reviews of our quarterly Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements, statutory audits of our domestic and international subsidiaries, issuances of consents and similar matters. This category also includes fees for services incurred in connection with the filing of registration statements on Forms S-1 and S-8 and nonrecurring transactions. 
 (2) Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our Consolidated Financial Statements and not reported in the section titled Audit Fees . 
 (3) Consists of fees for professional services for domestic and international tax advisory and compliance services. 
 (4) Consists of fees for permitted products and services other than those that meet the criteria above. 
 The Audit Committee reviews and, in its sole discretion, approves in advance the annual engagement letter with the independent registered public accounting firm, including the proposed fees contained therein, as well as all audit and permitted non-audit engagements and relationships between the Company and the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee may delegate to one or more designated members of the Audit Committee the authority to grant pre-approval of permitted services, or classes of permitted services, to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Any decision by the designated member to pre-approve a permitted service shall be reported to the Audit Committee at the next regularly scheduled meeting following such decision. The Audit Committee has chosen to appoint the Audit Committee Chairman as the designated member. In addition, the Audit Committee has established procedures by which fees for certain identified permitted services will be considered pre-approved up to 50,000- 100,000 per service matter or project, subject to approval by the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled quarterly meeting following such approval. Pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent registered public accounting firm and the CFO are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. 
 All of the services provided by EY during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and related fees were approved in accordance with the Audit Committee Independent Auditor Pre-Approval Policy 

275 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV. 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 LIST OF DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 
 (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 We include this portion of Item 15 under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 We include the financial statement schedule information required by the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC in the notes to our financial statements and incorporate that information in this Item 15 by reference. 
 (3) EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 23, 2021, by and among BowX Acquisition Corporation, BowX Merger Subsidiary Corp. and New WeWork Inc. (formerly known as WeWork Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on March 30, 2020). 
 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of WeWork Inc., dated October 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of WeWork Inc., dated as of October 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of WeWork Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 4.2 Warrant Agreement, dated August 4, 2020, between BowX Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to BowX s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020). 
 4.3 WeWork Inc. Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and between WeWork Inc. and SB WW Holdings (Cayman) Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 4.4 WeWork Inc. Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and between WeWork Inc. and SVF Endurance (Cayman) Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 4.5 Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2018, relating to WeWork Companies Inc.'s 7.875 Senior Notes due 2025, by and among WeWork Companies Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260976)). 
 4.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 15, 2019, by and among WeWork Companies LLC, as successor to WeWork Companies Inc., The WeWork CO Inc., as co-obligor, The We Company, each of the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260976)). 
 4.7 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and between WW Holdco LLC, as successor to Old WeWork, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260976)). 
 4.8 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 22, 2022, by and between WeWork Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 4.9 Form of 7.875 Senior Notes due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.5 hereto). 
 4.10 Amended and Restated Senior Notes Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and among WeWork Companies LLC, WW Co-Obligor Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2021). 
 
 276 

Table of Contents 

 4.11 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 22, 2022, by and between WeWork Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 4.12 Form of 5.00 Senior Notes due 2025, Series I and Series II (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.10 hereto). 
 4.13 Description of WeWork Inc.'s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on October 20, 2021). 
 10.1 WeWork Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-261894)). 
 10.2 WeWork Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-261894)). 
 10.3 WeWork 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-261894)). 
 10.4 WeWork 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-261894)). 
 10.5 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award under WeWork Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award under WeWork Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.7 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award under WeWork Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.8 Form of Stock Option Award under WeWork 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.9 Form of Performance-Based Option Award (and amendment thereto) under WeWork 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.10 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award under WeWork 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.11 Form of Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Award under WeWork 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.12 Form of CEO Performance-Based Stock Option Award under WeWork 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.13 Employment agreement, effective February 18, 2020, between WeWork Management LLC and Sandeep Mathrani. 
 10.14 Employment agreement, effective October 1, 2020, between WeWork Management LLC and Benjamin Dunham. 
 10.15 Employment agreement, dated November 18, 2020, between WeWork UK Limited and Anthony Yazbeck. 
 10.16 Amendment, dated July 19, 2021, to employment agreement, dated November 18, 2020, between WeWork UK Limited and Anthony Yazbeck. 
 10.17 Offer letter, dated March 24, 2021, between WeWork Management LLC and Scott Morey. 
 10.18 Employment agreement, effective January 1, 2021, between WeWork Management LLC and Jared DeMatteis. 
 10.19 Amendment, dated August 5, 2021, to employment agreement, effective January 1, 2021, between WeWork Management LLC and Jared DeMatteis. 
 10.20 WeWork Companies LLC Annual Cash Bonus Plan. 
 10.21 Form of One-Time Cash Bonus Agreement. 
 10.22 Form of subscription agreement for private warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. File Nos. 333-239941 and 333-240430)). 
 10.23 Form of purchase agreement with BlackRock funds (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. File Nos. 333-239941 and 333-240430)). 
 10.24 Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020). 
 10.25 Form of Subscription Agreements (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021). 
 10.26 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021). 
 10.27 Backstop Subscription Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2021, by and between BowX Acquisition Corp. and DTZ Worldwide Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021). 
 
 277 

Table of Contents 

 10.28 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among WeWork Inc., BowX Sponsor, LLC and certain stockholders of WeWork Inc, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 10.29 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among WeWork Inc., BowX Sponsor, LLC, SB WW Holdings (Cayman) Limited, SVF Endurance (Cayman) Limited and Benchmark Capital Partners VII (AIV), L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 10.30 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of The We Company Management Holdings L.P., dated as of October 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 10.31 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 10.32 Form of LC Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to BowX Acquisition Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-256133)). 
 10.33 Amended and Restated Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among WeWork Companies LLC, WW Co-Obligor Inc., as co-obligor and StarBright WW LP, as purchaser (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260976)). 
 10.34 Master Senior Unsecured Notes Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2019, by and among WeWork Companies LLC, WW Co-Obligor Inc. (f/k/a WeWork CO Inc.) and StarBright WW LP. 
 10.35 Credit Support Letter, dated as of March 25, 2021, by and among WeWork Companies LLC, SoftBank Group Corp. and BowX Acquisition Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on March 30, 2021). 
 10.36 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Support Letter Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2021, by and among WeWork Companies LLC, WeWork Inc. and SoftBank Group Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on November 29, 2021). 
 10.37 Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2019, by and among WeWork, the SoftBank Obligor, the Issuing Creditors party thereto, the L/C Participants party thereto and Goldman Sachs International Bank, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on December 6, 2021). 
 10.38 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and among WeWork Companies LLC, WW Co-Obligor Inc. and StarBright WW LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8/K filed on December 1 6, 2021). 
 10.39 Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2022, by and among WeWork, the SoftBank Obligor, the Issuing Creditors party thereto, the L/C Participants party thereto, Goldman Sachs International Bank, as existing Administrative Agent and senior tranche administrative agent, Kroll Agency and Trust Services Ltd., as junior tranche administrative agent and the issuing creditors and letter of credit participants party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2022). 
 10.40 Amended and Restated WeWork Companies LLC Annual Cash Bonus Plan. 
 10.41 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Master Senior Secured Notes Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2022, by and among WeWork Companies LLC, WW Co-Obligor Inc., StarBright WW LP and SoftBank Vision Fund II-2, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 104 2022). 
 10.42 Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2022, by and among the SoftBank Obligor, the SVF Obligor, WeWork, the Manager, the Jersey General Partner, the Senior Tranche Issuing Creditors party thereto, the Senior Tranche L/C Participants party thereto and Goldman Sachs International Bank, as Senior Tranche Administrative Agent. 
 10.43 Senior Secured Notes Indenture, dated as of January 3, 2023, by and among WeWork Companies LLC, WW Co-Obligor Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent. 
 10.44 Form of Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 10.43). 
 
 278 

Table of Contents 

 10.45 Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2023, by and among the the Outgoing SoftBank Obligor, the SVF Obligor, WeWork Obligor, the Manager, the Jersey General Partner, the Senior Tranche L/C Participants party thereto, the Senior Tranche Issuing Creditors party thereto' Incoming Junior Tranche L/C Participant, Goldman Sachs International Bank, as senior tranche administrative agent, and Kroll Agency and Trust Services Ltd., as junior tranche administrative agent 
 10.46 Employment agreement, effective January 27, 2022, between WeWork Management LLC and Susan Catalano 
 21 Subsidiaries of WeWork Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 101 The following materials from WeWork Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock, Noncontrolling Interests and Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vi) Cover Page. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 WEWORK INC. 
 By: 
 /s/ Sandeep Mathrani Sandeep Mathrani Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Date: 
 March 28, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the above-stated date. 
 279 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title Date /s/ Sandeep Mathrani Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 28, 2023 Sandeep Mathrani (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ Andre Fernandez Chief Financial Officer March 28, 2023 Andre Fernandez (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Kurt Wehner 
 Chief Accounting Officer March 28, 2023 Kurt Wehner (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Alex Clavel 
 Director March 28, 2023 Alex Clavel /s/ Bruce Dunlevie 
 Director March 28, 2023 Bruce Dunlevie /s/ Daniel Hurwitz 
 Director March 28, 2023 Daniel Hurwitz /s/ V ronique Laury 
 Director March 28, 2023 V ronique Laury /s/ Deven Parekh Director March 28, 2023 Deven Parekh /s/ Vikas Parekh Director March 28, 2023 Vikas Parekh /s/ Vivek Ranadiv 
 Director March 28, 2023 Vivek Ranadiv 
 /s/ David Tolley 
 Director March 28, 2023 David Tolley 
 280 

<EX-10.46>
 2
 a1046susancatalano-emplo.htm
 EX-10.46

a1046susancatalano-emplo 

1 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement (the Agreement is entered into by and between We Work Management LLC (the Company and Susan Catalano Executive (together, the Parties and individually, a Party as of the date Executive signs this Agreement. WHEREAS, Executive and the Company entered into an Offer Letter effective as of June 3, 2019 (signed by you on May 8, 2019) and as subsequently amended by letter agreements dated February 16, 2020 and July 28, 2021 (collectively, the Offer Letter setting forth the terms and conditions of Executive s employment with the Company; and WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to replace the Offer Letter with the Agreement. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements contained herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Position. (a) Effective as of January 27, 2022 (the Effective Date ), Executive shall be employed as Chief People Officer and be based in New York. Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer and will be a member of the Company s senior executive team. (b) Executive shall use Executive s best efforts to perform all services diligently and to the best of Executive s ability and shall at all times carry out Executive s duties in a competent and professional manner and seek to enhance and promote the business of the Company. Executive shall devote all business time and efforts to the affairs of the Company. With the Company s prior written approval, Executive may serve as a member of the board of for-profit and nonprofit organizations, provided that such activities do not interfere with Executive s performance of Executive s responsibilities to the Company. 2. At-Will Employment. Executive shall be an at-will employee of the Company. This means that Executive s employment relationship with the Company, and this Agreement, may be terminated by either Party, for any reason, at any time, with or without notice and with or without Cause (as defined in Section 9(e)(i) below). 3. Salary. As of the Effective Date, the Company shall pay Executive an annual base salary of 600,000.00, paid in installments in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices Base Salary ). Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed periodically by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of WeWork Inc. (the Compensation Committee pursuant to the normal performance review policies for members of the senior executive team and may be adjusted from time to time as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. The Board of Directors of WeWork Inc. (the Board can take any actions of the Compensation Committee pursuant to this Agreement. 4. Annual Bonus. Executive shall be eligible for an annual bonus award, based on the attainment of individual and corporate performance goals and targets established by the Compensation Committee Annual Bonus ). The target amount of Executive s Annual Bonus DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

2 will be increased to 75 of Executive s annual Base Salary Target Bonus as of the Effective Date, and the maximum Annual Bonus payable for any calendar year is 150 of the Target Bonus. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive s Target Bonus for 2022 is 435,753.42 and for any future calendar years is 75 of her then-current annual Base Salary. Any Annual Bonus, and the amount thereof, shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee and shall range from 0 to 150 of the Target Bonus. Except as set forth in Sections 9(b) and 9(c), in order to receive any Annual Bonus, Executive must be employed by (without having given or received notice of termination), and in good standing with, the Company at the time of payment of the Annual Bonus. Any Annual Bonus will be paid between January 1 and March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which the Annual Bonus relates and may be paid pursuant to the Company s annual bonus plan then in effect, provided that the terms of Executive s Annual Bonus pursuant to such plan shall be consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 5. Equity Awards. (a) Existing Equity Awards. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any equity incentive awards previously granted to Executive (the Existing Equity Awards ), the award agreements and the equity incentive plans pursuant to which such awards were granted (including the letter dated July 28, 2021 amending the vesting schedule of the restricted stock units RSUs granted on January 26, 2021) will continue to govern and this Agreement does not amend or replace any of the terms and conditions of such awards. (b) Prospective Equity Awards. In the first quarter of calendar year 2022, Executive will be granted a non-statutory stock option with respect to 100,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of WeWork Inc. Shares ). The per-Share exercise price of the stock option shall be equal to the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant. The stock option will vest and become exercisable over three years with 1/3rd vesting and becoming exercisable on January 27 of each of 2023, 2024 and 2025, in each case, subject to Executive s continued employment through the applicable vesting date, and will have such other terms and conditions as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. The stock option will be granted under the WeWork Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, or its successor (the Equity Plan ). In addition, in the first quarter of calendar year 2022, Executive will receive 150,000 performance-vesting RSUs (at maximum performance) under the Equity Plan, which will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in an award agreement and as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, consistent with grants made to other similarly situated employees. Each RSU will represent the right to receive one Share once such RSU is fully vested. 6. Benefits. Executive shall be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans and programs maintained by the Company for its employees from time to time, at a level consistent with the benefits provided to other senior executives, subject to the provisions of the respective plans and programs. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company from terminating or amending any employee benefit plan or program from time to time after the Effective Date. 7. Paid Time Off. Executive shall be entitled to vacation, holiday and sick leave, in accordance with the Company s time off and leaves of absence policies. DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

3 8. Company Policies. In consideration for the Company entering into this Agreement, Executive shall execute the Company s updated Employee Dispute Resolution Program, which is annexed hereto as Exhibit A, the terms of which shall survive termination of this Agreement and Executive s employment. Executive has previously executed the Company s Invention, Non- Disclosure, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, which is annexed hereto as Exhibit B, the terms of which shall survive termination of this Agreement and Executive s employment. Executive agrees to comply with all other Company policies. 9. Termination of Employment. (a) Any Termination. Upon any termination of employment, Executive shall be entitled to the following: (i) any accrued and unpaid Base Salary; (ii) payment for accrued and unused vacation time; and (iii) any rights surviving termination of employment under any employee benefit plan or program or compensation arrangement in which Executive participates, pursuant to its respective terms. (b) Involuntary Termination by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. Subject to Section 9(d) below, in the event the Company terminates Executive s employment without Cause (including a termination on account of Executive s Disability (as defined in Section 9(e)(iii) below)) or Executive terminates Executive s employment for Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to the following, in addition to the payments and benefits provided in Section 9(a): (i) Twelve (12) months of Executive s Base Salary, at the rate then in effect on the date of Separation (as defined in Section 23 below); provided that, if the termination is for Good Reason on account of a material reduction in Executive s Base Salary, this amount will be calculated at the rate in effect immediately prior to such reduction. (ii) A pro-rated Target Bonus for the calendar year in which the Separation occurs, which shall be determined by multiplying the Target Bonus for the calendar year in which the Separation occurs, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during which Executive was employed by the Company in such calendar year and the denominator of which is 365 Pro-Rated Target Bonus ). (iii) Provided that Executive is eligible for and timely elects continuation coverage under COBRA, a monthly payment which is equal to, on an after-tax basis, the COBRA premiums for continued health care coverage under the Company s group health plans for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents, less the monthly amount that Executive would have paid as an active employee for such coverage COBRA Reimbursement ). The Company will pay Executive the COBRA Reimbursements for the period from Separation until the earliest to occur of (1) twelve (12) months after the date of Separation; (2) the date Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage through a subsequent employer; or (3) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA coverage for any reason, including plan termination (each of the events set forth in subsections (2) and (3) in this Section 9(b)(iii) shall be referred to herein as a Disqualifying Event ). Executive is required to notify the Company within five (5) days of becoming aware that a Disqualifying Event has occurred or will occur. DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

4 (iv) Any Annual Bonus for the calendar year preceding Executive s Separation that has not yet been paid as of Executive s Separation. (c) Termination on Account of Death. Subject to Section 9(d) below, in the event Executive s employment is terminated on account of Executive s death, Executive s estate and dependents shall be entitled to the following, in addition to the payments and benefits provided in Section 9(a): (i) A Pro-Rated Target Bonus. (ii) Provided that Executive s eligible dependents are eligible for and timely elect continuation coverage under COBRA, a monthly payment which is equal to, on an after-tax basis, the COBRA premiums for continued health care coverage under the Company s group health plans for Executive s eligible dependents, less the monthly amount that Executive would have paid as an active employee for such coverage Dependent COBRA Reimbursement ). The Company will pay Executive s estate the Dependent COBRA Reimbursements for the period from Separation until the earliest to occur of (1) twelve (12) months after the date of Separation; (2) the date Executive s eligible dependents become eligible for group health insurance coverage through an employer; or (3) the date Executive s eligible dependents cease to be eligible for COBRA coverage for any reason, including plan termination (each of the events set forth in subsections (2) and (3) in this Section 9(c)(ii) shall be referred to herein as a Dependent Disqualifying Event ). Executive s eligible dependents are required to notify the Company within five (5) days of becoming aware that a Dependent Disqualifying Event has occurred or will occur. (iii) Any Annual Bonus for the calendar year preceding Executive s Separation that has not yet been paid as of Executive s Separation. (d) Form and Timing of Payment. None of the payments in Sections 9(b) or 9(c) above shall apply unless Executive (or Executive s estate, if applicable) (i) has returned all Company property in Executive s possession, (ii) has resigned as an officer and member of the Board and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates (as applicable), and (iii) has executed a separation agreement and general release of the Company and its affiliates, and each of their respective employees, officers, directors, owners, members, and other persons affiliated with the Company or its affiliates (the Separation Agreement ), in a form reasonably prescribed by the Company. Executive (or Executive s estate, if applicable) must execute and return the Separation Agreement on or before the date specified by the Company, which will in no event be later than 52 days after the date of Separation. Subject to Section 10 and Section 23 hereof: (A) payments under Sections 9(b)(i), 9(b)(iii), and 9(c)(ii) will be made over the 12-month period (or such shorter period in the event of a Disqualifying Event or Dependent Disqualifying Event, as applicable) following Executive s Separation in installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and will commence within 60 days after Executive s Separation, with any installments not paid between Separation and the date of the first payment included in the first payment, (B) payments under Sections 9(b)(ii) and 9(c)(i) will be made in a lump sum within 60 days after Executive s Separation, and (C) payment of any Annual Bonus under Sections 9(b)(v) and 9(c)(iv) will be paid in a lump sum at the same time as annual bonuses are paid to other executives of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the period in which Executive can execute and DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

5 return the Separation Agreement spans two calendar years and if any of the payments described in this Section 9(d) are nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code Section 409A ), payments described in this Section 9(d) shall be made or commence in the second calendar year. (e) Definitions. (i) Cause shall mean: (1) Executive s gross negligence or gross misconduct in the performance of Executive s employment duties; (2) Executive s refusal or willful failure to substantially perform Executive s duties to the Company after Executive was warned by the Company in writing as to Executive s failure to so perform and Executive failed to cure such failure within ten (10) days following such warning; (3) Executive s dishonesty, willful misconduct, misappropriation, breach of fiduciary duty or fraud with regard to the Company or its affiliates; (4) Executive s violation of a confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-competition, or non- disparagement obligation to the Company or its affiliates, whether pursuant to agreement, policy or otherwise; (5) Executive s improper disclosure of proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company, its affiliates or their business; (6) Executive s falsification of any records or documents of the Company or its affiliates; (7) Executive s material non-compliance with a law or regulatory rule applicable to the Company s business or any material Company policy, including but not limited to the Company s Workplace Conduct policy and its Code of Ethics; (8) Executive s indictment for a felony or crime involving moral turpitude; (9) Executive s engaging in behavior that risks harm to the reputation of the Company or its affiliates or puts Executive at material risk of being prohibited from working for the Company; or (10) Executive s other willful action that is materially harmful to the business, interests or reputation of the Company or its affiliates. (ii) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor thereto. (iii) Disability shall mean that Executive has incurred a permanent and total disability within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. (iv) Good Reason shall mean (1) a material diminution in Executive s duties, responsibilities and authority, (2) the requirement by the Company that Executive s principal place of employment be relocated more than 50 miles from New York City; or (3) a material reduction in Executive s Base Salary, other than a reduction that is part of a broad- based reduction of base salary applicable to similarly situated employees of the Company. Good Reason shall not exist unless (a) the Company has received written notice of such Good Reason from Executive within thirty (30) days of the first occurrence of the alleged event of Good Reason, (b) the Company does not cure within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice, and (c) Executive terminates employment for Good Reason within ninety (90) days following the first occurrence of such event. 10. Section 280G. To the extent that any payments to be made to Executive under this Agreement or otherwise as a result of a change in ownership or control (including any accelerated vesting of equity awards) could be excess parachute payments for purposes of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code, then, to the extent the Company is not publicly-traded for purposes of the applicable regulations at such time, the Company and Executive shall attempt in DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

6 good faith to obtain a shareholder vote under circumstances that satisfy the shareholder approval requirements of Section 280G(b)(5) of the Code in order to avoid adverse tax consequences for the Company and Executive under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code, provided Executive waives Executive s right to retain any parachute payments submitted to a vote in the event that the shareholders do not approve such payments. If such shareholder approval is not obtained, the payments (or, acceleration, as applicable) shall be reduced in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A. If such shareholder approval is not available, the payments (including equity awards) shall be reduced in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A if, and solely to the extent that, such reduction will cause Executive to retain, on an after-tax basis taking into account any excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, a greater amount of such payments than would be the case if there were no such reduction. Any determination of reduction of payments pursuant to this Section 10 shall be made by an accounting firm selected by the Company. Such determination shall be binding upon the Company and Executive, and the fees of such firm shall be paid by the Company. 11. No Conflict. Executive represents and warrants that Executive is free to enter into this Agreement and the agreements referenced herein, and that Executive has no contractual commitments, restrictions, or obligations that will in any way preclude or interfere with Executive s continued employment by the Company, Executive s conduct of Company business, or performance of Executive s duties. Executive further represents and warrants that Executive will not bring or disclose, and that Executive has not brought or disclosed to the Company any confidential or proprietary information of any former employer. 12. Indemnification. In the event Executive is made, or threatened to be made, a party to any legal action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, including any governmental or regulatory proceedings or investigations, by reason of the fact that Executive is or was a director or officer of WeWork Inc. or any of its subsidiaries (including the Company), Executive shall be indemnified by the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and WeWork Inc. s articles of incorporation and bylaws. 13. Cooperation. Executive agrees that, upon the Company s reasonable notice to Executive, Executive shall fully cooperate with the Company in investigating, defending, prosecuting, litigating, filing, initiating or asserting any actual or potential claims or investigations that may be made by or against the Company to the extent that such claims or investigations may relate to any matter in which Executive was involved (or alleged to have been involved) while employed with the Company (or, if applicable, any affiliate of the Company) or of which Executive has knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company (or, if applicable, any affiliate of the Company). Upon submission of appropriate documentation, Executive shall be reimbursed for reasonable and pre-approved out-of-pocket expenses incurred in rendering such cooperation. 14. Notices. All notices, consents, waivers, and other communications under this Agreement must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) on the day sent, if delivered by hand or email (with confirmation), or (b) on the business day after the day sent if delivered by a recognized overnight courier, to the following addresses (or such other addresses as a Party may designate by notice to the other Party): DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

7 To Executive: At the address on file in the Company s personnel records To the Company: We Work Management LLC 575 Lexington Avenue, 12th Floor New York, New York 10022 Attn: Chief Legal Officer 15. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding on, and inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns, and nothing herein is intended to confer any right, remedy, or benefit upon any other person. Executive may not assign or transfer any of Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company. 16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Employee Dispute Resolution Program and the Invention, Non-Disclosure, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement (attached hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit B, respectively), constitute the entire understanding and agreement between Executive and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior negotiations and understandings, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter; provided that the Existing Equity Awards and that certain July 28, 2021 bonus letter agreement between Executive and the Company shall remain in full force and effect. Executive acknowledges that neither the Company nor its agents have made any promise, representation, or warranty whatsoever, either express or implied, written or oral, which is not contained in this Agreement. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement or of the Offer Letter, on the Effective Date this Agreement entirely replaces and supersedes the Offer Letter and after the Effective Date, Executive will not receive any payments, benefits or other rights or entitlements under the Offer Letter. 17. Amendment and Waiver. The terms of this Agreement may not be modified, waived, changed, discharged, or terminated, except by an agreement in writing signed by the Parties. No term or condition of this Agreement shall be waived, nor shall there be any estoppel against enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the Party charged with such waiver or estoppel. No such written waiver shall be a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future or as to any act other than that specifically waived. 18. Severability. Each provision and term of this Agreement should be interpreted in a manner to be enforceable and valid, but if any provision or term is held, in whole or in part, to be invalid or unenforceable, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions and terms, and such other provisions and terms shall remain in full force and effect. 19. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without reference to the conflict or choice of laws provisions thereof. DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

8 20. Dispute Resolution. In the event of any dispute arising under or relating to this Agreement, Executive and the Company agree that any such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to the Employee Dispute Resolution Program. 21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 22. Tax Matters. (a) Withholding. All forms of compensation referred to in this Agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law. (b) Tax Advice. Executive is encouraged to obtain Executive s own tax advice regarding Executive s compensation from the Company. 23. Section 409A. The Parties intend for the payments and benefits under this Agreement to be exempt from Section 409A or, if not so exempt, to be paid or provided in a manner which complies with the requirements of such section, and intend that this Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intention. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Executive shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of any payments under this Agreement until Executive would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A (a Separation ). Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated or additional taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement or any other arrangement between Executive and Company during the six (6) month period immediately following Executive s Separation shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following Executive s Separation (or, if earlier, Executive s date of death). To the extent required to avoid an accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, amounts reimbursable to Executive under this Agreement or any other arrangement between Executive and Company shall be paid to Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (and in kind benefits provided to Executive) during one calendar year may not affect amounts reimbursable or provided in any subsequent calendar year. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, to the extent that any severance amount payable under a plan or agreement that Executive may have a right or entitlement to as of the date of this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, then to the extent required to avoid accelerated or additional taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A, the portion of the benefits payable hereunder equal to such other amount shall instead be provided in the form set forth in such other plan or agreement. The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to any such payment. Executive shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties incurred under Section 409A. DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

9 [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

10 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on the date Executive signs this Agreement. WE WORK MANAGEMENT LLC SUSAN CATALANO By: Jared DeMatteis Date: Title: Chief Legal Officer DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 1/28/2022 

Exhibit A Employee Dispute Resolution Program DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

Exhibit B Invention, Non-Disclosure, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement DocuSign Envelope ID: 92F55DC7-4648-43D8-B0A5-86E2D904BFEE 

</EX-10.46>

<EX-21>
 3
 exhibit21-weworkincsubsi.htm
 EX-21

exhibit21-weworkincsubsi 

Subsidiaries of WeWork Inc. Legal Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation 1 America Square Q Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1 Ariel Way Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1 Beacon Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1 Belvedere Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 1 George's Quay Tenant Limited Ireland 1 Glenwood Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 1 Lincoln Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1 Lloyd's Avenue Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1 Locatellikade Q B.V. Netherlands 1 Mark Square Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1 Milk Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1 Post Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1 Poultry Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1 South Dearborn Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1 St Katharine s Way Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1 St Peter's Square Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1 Sussex Street Pty Ltd Australia 1 Union Square West HQ LLC New York United States 1 Waterhouse Square Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 10 East 38th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 10 East 40th Street HQ LLC New York United States 10 East Road Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 10 Fenchurch Avenue Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 10 Hazerem Street Tenant Ltd Israel 100 Bayview Circle Tenant LLC New York United States 100 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 100 Harris Tenant Pty Ltd Australia 100 S State Street Tenant LLC New York United States 100 Summer Street Tenant LLC New York United States 10000 Washington Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 1001 Woodward Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 1003 East 4th Place Tenant LLC New York United States 101 East Washington Street Tenant LLC New York United States 101 Karl-Marx-Stra e Tenant GmbH Germany 101 Marietta Street NorthWest Tenant LLC New York United States 101 North 1st Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 10-12 Russell Square Q Limited England United Kingdom 10250 Constellation Tenant LLC New York United States 1031 South Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

10585 Santa Monica Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 10845 Griffith Peak Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 10885 NE 4th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 109 S 5th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1090 West Pender Street Tenant LP Ontario Canada 10900 Stonelake Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 1099 Stewart Street Tenant LLC New York United States 11 Neue Bahnhofstra e Q GmbH Germany 11 Park Pl Tenant LLC New York United States 11 Spittelmarkt Tenant GmbH Germany 110 110th Avenue Northeast Tenant LLC New York United States 110 Corcoran Street Tenant LLC New York United States 110 Wall Manager LLC New York United States 1100 15th Street NW Tenant LLC New York United States 1100 Ludlow Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1100 Main Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1111 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 1111 West 6th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1114 W Fulton Market Q LLC New York United States 1115 Broadway Q LLC New York United States 1115 Howell Mill Road Tenant LLC New York United States 1115 W Fulton Market Q LLC New York United States 114 East 4th Avenue Tenant LP Ontario Canada 115 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 115 East 23rd Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1150 South Olive Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1155 Perimeter Center West Tenant LLC New York United States 1155 West Fulton Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1156 6th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 117 NE 1st Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 1175 Peachtree Tenant LLC New York United States 11801 Domain Blvd Tenant LLC New York United States 119 Marylebone Road Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 12 East 49th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 12 Hammersmith Grove Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 12 Moorgate Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 12 South 1st Street Tenant LLC New York United States 120 Moorgate Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 120 Old Broad St Q Limited England United Kingdom 120 Spencer Street Pty Ltd Australia 120 West Trinity Place Tenant LLC New York United States 1200 17th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1200 Franklin Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

1201 3rd Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 1201 Wills Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1201 Wilson Blvd Tenant LLC New York United States 12130 Millennium Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 123 Buckingham Palace Road Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 123 Eagle Street Tenant Pty Ltd Australia 123 Sch nhauser Allee Tenant GmbH Germany 1240 Rosecrans Tenant LLC New York United States 125 Kingsway Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 125 S Clark Street Tenant LLC New York United States 125 Shaftesbury Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 125 West 25th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 12655 Jefferson Blvd Tenant LLC New York United States 128 South Tryon Street Tenant LLC New York United States 130 5th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 130 Madison Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 130 W 42nd Street Tenant LLC New York United States 130 Wood Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1305 2nd Street Q LLC New York United States 131 Finsbury Pavement Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 133 Houndsditch Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1330 Lagoon Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 1333 New Hampshire Avenue Northwest Tenant LLC New York United States 135 E 57th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 135 Madison Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 1372 Peachtree Street NE Tenant LLC New York United States 1389 Peachtree Street Northwest Tenant LLC New York United States 1400 Lavaca Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1410 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 1411 4th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 14-16 Great Chapel Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 142 Old Street Q Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 142 W 57th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 142 Wardour Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1430 Walnut Street Tenant LLC New York United States 144 Menachem Begin Tenant Ltd. Israel 1440 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 1448 NW Market Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1449 Woodward Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 145 W 45th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1450 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 1453 3rd Street Promenade Q LLC New York United States 1455 Market Street Tenant LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

146 Derech Menachem Begin Tenant Ltd. Israel 1460 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 148 Lafayette Street Tenant LLC New York United States 149 5th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 149 Madison Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 15 Bishopsgate Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 15 Herzogstra e Tenant GmbH Germany 15 West 27th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 150 4th Ave N Tenant LLC New York United States 150 9 Avenue Southwest Tenant LP Ontario Canada 152 3rd Street Tenant LLC New York United States 152 Saint Georges Terrace Pty Ltd Australia 1525 11th Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 1535 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 154 W 14th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1547 9th Street HQ LLC New York United States 155 Townsend St Q Tenant Limited Ireland 1557 West Innovation Way Tenant LLC New York United States 1560 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 16 East 34th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 16 Efal Tenant Ltd. Israel 16 Helkikey Ha'Or Tenant Ltd Israel 160 Shelbourne Road Q Limited Ireland 160 Varick Street Tenant LLC New York United States 160 W Santa Clara St Tenant LLC New York United States 1600 7th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 1601 Elm Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1601 Market Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1601 Vine Street Tenant LLC New York United States 161 Avenue of the Americas Tenant LLC New York United States 161 Castlereagh Street Pty Ltd Australia 1615 Platte Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1619 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 165 Fleet Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 166 Geary Street HQ LLC New York United States 1660 Lincoln Street Tenant LLC New York United States 167 N Green Street Tenant LLC New York United States 17 St Helen's Place Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1700 Lincoln Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1701 Rhode Island Avenue Northwest Tenant LLC New York United States 1725 Hughes Landing Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 1730 Minor Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 17300 Laguna Canyon Road Tenant LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

177 E Colorado Blvd Tenant LLC New York United States 1775 Tysons Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 18 West 18th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 180 Geary Street HQ LLC New York United States 180 Sansome Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1814 Franklin St Q LLC New York United States 18191 Von Karman Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 1825 South Grant Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1828 Walnut St Tenant LLC New York United States 183 Madison Avenue Q LLC New York United States 184 Shepherds Bush Road Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 1840 Gateway Dr Tenant LLC New York United States 185 Madison Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 18691 Jamboree Road Tenant LLC New York United States 1875 K Street NW Tenant LLC New York United States 1881 Broadway HQ LLC New York United States 19 Schillerstra e Tenant GmbH Germany 1900 Market Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1900 Powell Street Tenant LLC New York United States 1910 North Ola Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 192 Ann Street Tenant Pty Ltd Australia 1920 McKinney Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 195 Montague Street Tenant LLC New York United States 199 Water Street Tenant LLC New York United States 2 Belvedere Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 2 Eastbourne Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 2 Embarcadero Center Tenant LLC New York United States 2 Minster Court Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 2 North LaSalle Street Tenant LLC New York United States 2 Southbank Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 20 Heinrich-Heine-Allee Tenant GmbH Germany 20 Rotherstrasse Tenant GmbH Germany 20 W Kinzie Tenant LLC New York United States 200 Berkeley Street Tenant LLC New York United States 200 Massachusetts Ave NW Tenant LLC New York United States 200 Portland Tenant LLC New York United States 200 South Biscayne Blvd Tenant LLC New York United States 200 South Orange Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 200 Spectrum Center Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 201 Spear St Tenant LLC New York United States 2031 3rd Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 205 Hudson Street Tenant LLC New York United States 205 North Detroit Street Tenant LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

207 Old Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 21 Penn Plaza Tenant LLC New York United States 21 Soho Square Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 210 N Green Partners LLC New York United States 210 N Green Promoter LLC New York United States 2120 Berkeley Way Tenant LLC New York United States 21255 Burbank Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 214 West 29th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 22 Cortlandt Street HQ LLC New York United States 22 Long Acre Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 2201 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 221 6th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 2211 Michelson Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 222 Exhibition St Pty Ltd Australia 222 Kearny Street Tenant LLC New York United States 222 North Sepulveda Tenant LLC New York United States 222 S Riverside Plaza Tenant LLC New York United States 2221 Park Place Tenant LLC New York United States 2222 Ponce De Leon Blvd Tenant LLC New York United States 225 South 6th St Tenant LLC New York United States 225 W 39th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 229 West 36th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 23 Schocken Street Tenant Ltd Israel 231 11th Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 2323 Delgany Street Tenant LLC New York United States 24 Farnsworth Street Q LLC New York United States 2-4 Herald Square Tenant LLC New York United States 2401 Elliott Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 242 Prenzlauer Allee Tenant GmbH Germany 2420 17th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 2425 East Camelback Road Tenant LLC New York United States 245 Livingston St Q LLC New York United States 25 K Street Pty Ltd Australia 25 Turmstra e Tenant GmbH Germany 25 West 45th Street HQ LLC New York United States 250 E 200 S Tenant LLC New York United States 250 Park Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 255 Giralda Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 255 Greenwich Street Tenant LLC New York United States 255 S King St Tenant LLC New York United States 26 Hatton Garden Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 260 Queen Street Pty Ltd Australia 2600 Executive Parkway Tenant LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

2700 Post Oak Blvd. Tenant LLC New York United States 27-01 Queens Plaza North Tenant LLC New York United States 2755 Canyon Blvd WW Tenant LLC New York United States 28 2nd Street Tenant LLC New York United States 28 West 44th Street HQ LLC New York United States 28-42 Banner Street Q Limited England United Kingdom 29 West 30th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 3 Aluf Kalman Magen Tenant Ltd. Israel 3 Cuvrystra e Tenant GmbH Germany 3 Waterhouse Square Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 30 Churchill Place Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 30 Hudson Street Tenant LLC Delaware United States 30 Ibn Gabirol Tenant Ltd. Israel 30 Wall Street Tenant LLC New York United States 300 Morris Street Tenant LLC New York United States 300 Park Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 3000 Olym Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 3000 S Robertson Blvd Q LLC New York United States 3001 Bishop Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 3003 Woodbridge Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 3090 Olive Street Tenant LLC New York United States 31 Handelsstraat Tenant Belgium 31 St James Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 3101 Park Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 311 W 43rd Street Tenant LLC New York United States 3120 139th Avenue Southeast Tenant LLC New York United States 315 East Houston Tenant LLC New York United States 315 W 36th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 316 West 12th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 32 King George Tenant Ltd. Israel 320 Pitt Street Pty Ltd Australia 3200 Park Center Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 3219 Knox Street Tenant LLC New York United States 3280 Peachtree Road NE Tenant LLC New York United States 33 Arch Street Tenant LLC New York United States 33 Bloor Street East Tenant LP Ontario Canada 33 East 33rd Street Tenant LLC New York United States 33 Irving Tenant LLC New York United States 33 Q Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 33 Rue La Fayette Tenant SAS France 330 North Wabash Tenant LLC New York United States 3300 N. Interstate 35 Tenant LLC New York United States 332 S Michigan Tenant LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

333 George Street Pty Ltd Australia 333 West San Carlos Tenant LLC New York United States 3365 Piedmont Road Tenant LLC New York United States 340 Bryant Street HQ LLC New York United States 345 4th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 345 Bourke Street Tenant Pty Ltd Australia 345 West 100 South Tenant LLC New York United States 35 East 21st Street HQ LLC New York United States 35 Kalvebod Brygge Tenant ApS Denmark 353 Sacramento Street Tenant LLC New York United States 35-37 36th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 360 NW 27th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 3600 Brighton Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 37 Shaul HaMelech Boulevard Tenant Ltd Israel 38 Chancery Lane Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 38 West 21st Street Tenant LLC New York United States 383 George Street Tenant Pty Ltd Australia 385 5th Avenue Q LLC New York United States 3900 W Alameda Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 391 San Antonio Road Tenant LLC New York United States 4 Maale HaShichrur Tenant Ltd Israel 4 Sint-Lazaruslaan Tenant Belgium 40 Rue du Colis e Tenant SAS France 40 Tuval Tenant Ltd. Israel 40 Water Street Tenant LLC New York United States 400 California Street Tenant LLC New York United States 400 Capitol Mall Tenant LLC New York United States 400 Concar Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 400 Lincoln Square Tenant LLC New York United States 400 Spectrum Center Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 4005 Miranda Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 401 Collins Street Tenant Pty Ltd Australia 401 San Antonio Road Tenant LLC New York United States 404 Fifth Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 4041 Macarthur Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 405 Mateo Street Tenant LLC New York United States 408 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 41 Blackfriars Road Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 410 North Scottsdale Road Tenant LLC New York United States 414 West 14th Street HQ LLC New York United States 415 Mission Street Tenant LLC New York United States 419 Park Avenue South Tenant LLC New York United States 42 Charlemont Street Tenant Limited Ireland Exhibit 21 

420 5th Avenue Q LLC New York United States 420 Commerce Street Tenant LLC New York United States 424 Fifth Avenue Holdings LLC Delaware United States 424 Fifth Avenue Junior Holdings LLC Delaware United States 424 Fifth Avenue LLC Delaware United States 424 Fifth Avenue Senior Holdings LLC Delaware United States 424-438 Fifth Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 428 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 429 Lenox Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 430 Park Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 4311 11th Avenue Northeast Tenant LLC New York United States 433 Hamilton Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 437 5th Avenue Q LLC New York United States 437 Madison Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 44 East 30th Street HQ LLC New York United States 44 Montgomery Street Tenant LLC New York United States 44 Wall Street HQ LLC New York United States 448 North LaSalle Street Tenant LLC New York United States 45 HaAtzmaut Tenant Ltd. Israel 45 West 18th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 450 Lexington Tenant LLC New York United States 460 Park Ave South Tenant LLC New York United States 460 West 50 North Tenant LLC New York United States 4635 Lougheed Highway Tenant LP Ontario Canada 475 Sansome St Tenant LLC New York United States 483 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 49 West 27th Street HQ LLC New York United States 490 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 5 Harcourt Road Tenant Limited Ireland 5 Martin Place Tenant Pty Ltd Australia 5 Merchant Square Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 50 Miller Street Pty Ltd Australia 50 W 28th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 500 11th Ave North Tenant LLC New York United States 500 7th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 500 Bloor Street West Tenant LP Ontario Canada 501 Boylston Street Tenant LLC New York United States 501 East Kennedy Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 501 East Las Olas Blvd Tenant LLC New York United States 501 Eastlake Tenant LLC New York United States 5049 Edwards Ranch Tenant LLC New York United States 505 Main Street Tenant LLC New York United States 505 Park Avenue Q LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

50-60 Francisco Street Tenant LLC New York United States 50-60 Station Road Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 51 Eastcheap Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 511 W 25th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 515 Folsom Street Tenant LLC New York United States 515 N State Street Tenant LLC New York United States 5161 Lankershim Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 52 Bedford Row Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 5215 North O'Connor Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 524 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 525 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 53 Beach Street Tenant LLC New York United States 53 Belliardstraat Tenant Belgium 540 Broadway Q LLC New York United States 545 Boylston Street Q LLC New York United States 546 5th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 55 Colmore Row Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 550 7th Avenue HQ LLC New York United States 550 Kearny Street HQ LLC New York United States 56 Schildergasse Tenant GmbH Germany 57 E 11th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 575 5th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 575 Lexington Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 5750 Wilshire Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 5960 Berkshire Lane Tenant LLC New York United States 599 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 6 East 32nd Street WW Q LLC New York United States 6 Totzeret Haaretz Tenant Ltd. Israel 600 B Street Tenant LLC New York United States 600 California Street Tenant LLC New York United States 600 H Apollo Tenant LLC New York United States 6001 Cass Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 601 South Figueroa Street Tenant LLC New York United States 606 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 609 5th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 609 Greenwich Street Tenant LLC New York United States 609 Main street Tenant LLC New York United States 611 North Brand Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 615 S. Tenant LLC New York United States 625 Massachusetts Tenant LLC New York United States 625 West Adams Street Tenant LLC New York United States 63 Madison Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 64 York Street Pty Ltd Australia Exhibit 21 

65 East State Street Tenant LLC New York United States 650 California Street Tenant LLC New York United States 6543 South Las Vegas Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 655 15th Street NW Tenant LLC New York United States 655 Montgomery St Tenant LLC New York United States 655 New York Avenue Northwest Tenant LLC New York United States 66 King Street Tenant Pty Ltd Australia 660 J Street Tenant LLC New York United States 660 North Capitol St NW Tenant LLC New York United States 6655 Town Square Tenant LLC New York United States 67 Irving Place Tenant LLC New York United States 6900 North Dallas Parkway Tenant LLC New York United States 695 Town Center Drive Tenant LLC New York United States 7 Menachem Begin Tenant Ltd. Israel 7 West 18th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 70 Wilson Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 700 2 Street Southwest Tenant LP Ontario Canada 700 K Street NW Tenant LLC New York United States 700 North Miami Tenant LLC New York United States 700 SW 5th Tenant LLC New York United States 708 Main St Tenant LLC New York United States 71 5th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 71 Stevenson Street Q LLC New York United States 711 Atlantic Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 71-91 Aldwych House Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 72 Knesebeckstra e Tenant GmbH Germany 725 Ponce De Leon Ave NE Tenant LLC New York United States 7272 Wisconsin Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 729 Washington Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 7300 Dallas Parkway Tenant LLC New York United States 731 Sansome Street Tenant LLC New York United States 75 Arlington Street Tenant LLC New York United States 75 E Santa Clara Street Tenant LLC New York United States 75 Rock Plz Tenant LLC New York United States 750 Lexington Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 750 White Plains Road Tenant LLC New York United States 755 Sansome Street Tenant LLC New York United States 756 W Peachtree Tenant LLC New York United States 76-78 Clerkenwell Road Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 77 Farringdon Road Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 77 Leadenhall Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 77 Sands Tenant LLC New York United States 77 Sands WW Corporate Tenant LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

77 Sleeper Street Tenant LLC New York United States 7761 Greenhouse Rd Tenant LLC New York United States 777 6th Street NW Tenant LLC New York United States 78 SW 7th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 8 W 40th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 80 George Street Tenant Limited Scotland United Kingdom 80 M Street SE Tenant LLC New York United States 800 Bellevue Way Tenant LLC New York United States 800 Market Street Tenant LLC New York United States 800 North High Street Tenant LLC New York United States 801 B. Springs Road Tenant LLC New York United States 808 Wilshire Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 8-14 Meard Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 820 18th Ave South Tenant LLC New York United States 821 17th Street Tenant LLC New York United States 83 Maiden Lane Q LLC New York United States 830 Brickell Plaza Tenant LLC New York United States 830 NE Holladay Street Tenant LLC New York United States 8305 Sunset Boulevard HQ LLC New York United States 8687 Melrose Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 8687 Melrose Green Tenant LLC New York United States 88 U Place Tenant LLC New York United States 880 3rd Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 881 Peachtree Street Northeast Tenant LLC New York United States 8910 University Center Lane Tenant LLC New York United States 89-115 Mare Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 90 South 400 West Tenant LLC New York United States 90 York Way Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 901 North Glebe Road Tenant LLC New York United States 901 Woodland St Tenant LLC New York United States 902 Broadway Tenant LLC New York United States 91 Baker Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 920 5th Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 920 SW 6th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 9200 Timpanogos Highway Tenant LLC New York United States 925 4th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 925 N La Brea Ave Tenant LLC New York United States 9670416 CANADA Inc. Quebec Canada 97 Hackney Road Tenant Limited England United Kingdom 9777 Wilshire Boulevard Q LLC New York United States 980 6th Avenue Tenant LLC New York United States 9830 Wilshire Boulevard Tenant LLC New York United States 99 Chauncy Street Q LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

99 High Street Tenant LLC New York United States 99 Q Victoria Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom Alexanderplatz 1 Tenant GmbH Germany ARK Investment Group Holdings LLC Delaware United States ARK Investment Group Master GP LLC Delaware United States ARK Investment Group Master GP LP Delaware United States ARK Master Fund GP LLC Delaware United States Arnulfstra e 60 Tenant GmbH Germany Axel-Springer-Platz 3 Tenant GmbH Germany Ballindamm 40 Tenant GmbH Germany Bird Investco LLC Delaware United States Calle 93 No. 19-55 Tenant S.A.S Colombia CD Locations, LLC Delaware United States Central Plaza Tenant Limited Ireland Chausseestra e 29 Tenant GmbH Germany Cities by We LLC Delaware United States Clubhouse TS LLC New York United States Common Coffee, LLC Texas United States Common Desk Daymaker LLC New York United States Common Desk DE, LLC Texas United States Common Desk Holdings LLC New York United States Common Desk OC , LLC Texas United States Common Desk Operations LLC Delaware United States Common Desk West 7th, LLC Texas United States Corsham Tenant Limited England United Kingdom Creator Fund Managing Member LLC Delaware United States Dalton Place Tenant Limited England United Kingdom DSQ Partners LP Delaware United States Dublin Landings Tenant Limited Ireland Eichhornstra e 3 Tenant GmbH Germany Emprendedores Urbanos S.A. Argentina Emprendimientos Innovadores S.A. Argentina Emprendimientos y Proyectos Chile SpA Chila Emprendimientos y Proyectos del Peru S.A.C. Peru Emprendimientos y Proyectos EYP S.A. Costa Rica Emprendimientos y Proyectos S.A. de C.V. Mexico Emprendimientos y Proyectos S.A.S. Colombia Euclid LLC Delaware United States Euclid WW Holdings Inc. Delaware United States EUI Empreendimentos e Reformas de Escrit rios Ltda. Brazil FieldLens LLC New York United States Five Hundred Fifth Avenue HQ LLC New York United States Friedrichstra e 76 Tenant GmbH Germany Exhibit 21 

Friesenplatz Tenant GmbH Germany G nsemarkt 43 Tenant GmbH Germany Gerhofstra e 1-3 Tenant GmbH Germany Gravity Coworking Pty Ltd Australia Hagfish Mumbai Private Limited India Hammerjaw Bengaluru Private Limited India Herengracht 206 Tenant B.V. Netherlands Houndshark Delhi Private Limited India Icefish APAC Holdco B.V. Netherlands Icefish Investment Holdco B.V. Netherlands Insurance Services by WeWork LLC Delaware United States Inversiones Inmobiliarias Bonavista IIBV, SRL Costa Rica Iveagh Court Tenant Limited Ireland Junghofstrasse 13 Tenant GmbH Germany Junghofstra e 22 Tenant GmbH Germany Karl-Liebknecht Street Tenant GmbH Germany Keizersgracht 271 Tenant B.V. Netherlands Keizersgracht 572 Tenant B.V. Netherlands Kemperplatz 1 Tenant GmbH Germany Kurf rstendamm 11 Tenant GmbH Germany LATAM CO B.V. Netherlands Legacy Tenant LLC New York United States LT Build Limited England United Kingdom Mailroom Bar at 110 Wall LLC New York United States Midtown Music Club Ltd. Israel MissionU PBC Delaware United States naked Hub Vietnam Holdings Limited Virgin Islands, British Neue Sch nhauser Stra e 3-5 Tenant GmbH Germany Neuturmstra e 5 Tenant GmbH Germany NHNP VN Limited Virgin Islands, British No. 1 Spinningfields Tenant Limited England United Kingdom One Gotham Center Tenant LLC New York United States One Metropolitan Square Tenant LLC New York United States Oskar-von-Miller-Ring 20 Tenant GmbH Germany Oskar-von-Miller-Ring 33 Q GmbH Germany Parkmerced Partner LLC Delaware United States Paseo de los Virreyes 65 Tenant S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Play by WeWork LLC Delaware United States Powered By We Germany GmbH Germany Powered By We LLC New York United States Powered By We UK Limited England United Kingdom Project Caesar LLC Delaware United States Project Standby I LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

Prolific Interactive LLC New York United States Provost and East Tenant Limited England United Kingdom PT PoweredByWe Services Indonesia Indonesia PT WeWork Services International Indonesia PxWe Facility Asset Management Services LLC Delaware United States PxWe India Private Limited India Rosenthaler Stra e 43-45 Tenant GmbH Germany Rudolfplatz 7 Tenant GmbH Germany Rue des Archives 64/66 Tenant SAS France Sarphatistraat 8 Tenant B.V. Netherlands Shoreditch the Bard Tenant Limited England United Kingdom Skelb kgade 2-4 Tenant ApS Denmark South Tryon Street Tenant LLC New York United States Spacemob Pte. Ltd. Singapore Spacious Technologies, LLC Delaware United States Stadhouderskade 5-6 Q B.V. Netherlands Stamford Street Tenant Limited England United Kingdom Standby I Tenant GmbH Germany Stralauer Allee 6 Tenant GmbH Germany Strawinskylaan 4117 Tenant B.V. Netherlands Stresemannstra e 123 Tenant GmbH Germany Taunusanlage 8 Tenant GmbH Germany The Hewitt Shoreditch Tenant Limited England United Kingdom The Hub Tenant LLC New York United States The We Company Management Holdings L.P. Cayman Islands The We Company Management LLC Delaware United States The We Company MC LLC Delaware United States The We Company PI L.P. Cayman Islands The We Company ROU S.R.L. Romania The We Company Worldwide Limited England United Kingdom Unomy Ltd. Israel Waller Creek Holdings LLC Delaware United States Waller Creek Holdings LP Delaware United States Waltz Merger Sub LLC Delaware United States Warschauer Platz Tenant GmbH Germany We Rise Shell LLC New York United States We Work 154 Grand LLC New York United States We Work 349 5th Ave LLC New York United States We Work Management LLC New York United States We Work Retail LLC New York United States WeInsure Holdco LLC Delaware United States Welkio LLC New York United States WeWork Argentina SRL Argentina Exhibit 21 

WeWork Chile SpA Chile WeWork Chile SpA Colombia WeWork (Czech Republic) s.r.o. Czech Republic WeWork Empreendimentos E Reformas De Escrit rio Ltda. Brazil WeWork Mexico CO, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico WeWork Servi os de Escrit rio Ltda Brazil WeWork (Thailand) Limited Thailand WeWork 156 2nd LLC Delaware United States WeWork 175 Varick LLC Delaware United States WeWork 25 Taylor LLC Delaware United States WeWork 261 Madison LLC New York United States WeWork 54 West 40th LLC New York United States WeWork APAC Partner Holdings B.V. Netherlands WeWork Asia Holding Company B.V. Netherlands WeWork Asset Management LLC New York United States WeWork Australia Pty Ltd Australia WeWork Belgium Belgium WeWork Bryant Park LLC New York United States WeWork Busan 1-Ho Yuhan Hoesa Korea, Republic of WeWork Canada GP B.V. Netherlands WeWork Canada GP ULC Nova Scotia Canada WeWork Canada LP B.V. Netherlands WeWork Canada LP ULC Nova Scotia Canada WeWork Capital Advisors LLC Delaware United States WeWork Capital Advisors UK Limited England United Kingdom WeWork Commons LLC New York United States WeWork Community Workspace Ireland Limited Ireland WeWork Community Workspace UK Limited England United Kingdom WeWork Community Workspace, S. L. Spain WeWork Companies (International) B.V. Netherlands WeWork Companies LLC Delaware United States WeWork Companies Partner (International) B.V. Netherlands WeWork Companies Partner LLC New York United States WeWork Construction LLC New York United States WeWork Denmark ApS Denmark WeWork France SAS France WeWork Germany GmbH Germany Wework Gulf I FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates WeWork Holding (Thailand) Company Limited Thailand WeWork Holdings LLC Delaware United States WeWork Hungary Kft. Hungary WeWork Interco LLC New York United States WeWork International Limited England United Kingdom Exhibit 21 

WeWork Israel Ltd. Israel WeWork Italy S.R.L. Italy WeWork Japan GK Japan WeWork Korea Yuhan Hoesa Korea, Republic of WeWork LA LLC Delaware United States WeWork Labs Entity LLC Delaware United States WeWork Little West 12th LLC Delaware United States WeWork Magazine LLC New York United States WeWork Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia WeWork Middle East DWTC FZE United Arab Emirates WeWork Middle East Gazelle Limited United Arab Emirates WeWork Middle East Holdings B.V. Netherlands WeWork Netherlands B.V. Netherlands WeWork New Zealand New Zealand WeWork New Zealand Holdco B.V. Netherlands WeWork Norway AS Norway WeWork Paris I Tenant SAS France WeWork Paris II Tenant SAS France WeWork Paris II Tenant SAS - Sucursal Em Portugal Portugal WeWork Paris III Tenant SAS France WeWork Paris IV Tenant SAS France WeWork Peru Management S.R.L. Peru WeWork Peru S.R.L Peru WeWork Poland sp. z o.o. Poland WeWork Property Investors LLC Delaware United States WeWork Property Investors OPGP LP Delaware United States WeWork Real Estate LLC New York United States WeWork Rus LLC Russian Federation WeWork Saudi Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia WeWork Seoul 1-Ho Yuhan Hoesa Korea, Republic of WeWork Seoul 2-Ho Yuhan Hoesa Korea, Republic of WeWork Seoul 3-Ho Yuhan Hoesa Korea, Republic of WeWork Seoul 4-Ho Yuhan Hoesa Korea, Republic of WeWork Seoul 5-ho Yuhan Hoesa Korea, Republic of WeWork Services LLC Delaware United States WeWork Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore WeWork Space Services Inc. Delaware United States WeWork Space Services LLC New York United States WeWork Technology Israel Ltd. Israel WeWork Uruguay S.R.L. Uruguay WeWork Vietnam Limited Vietnam WeWork Wellness LLC New York United States WeWork Workplace LLC Delaware United States Exhibit 21 

Wildgoose I LLC New York United States Wilmersdorferstrasse 59 Tenant GmbH Germany WW 1010 Hancock LLC New York United States WW 107 Spring Street LLC New York United States WW 11 John LLC New York United States WW 110 Wall LLC New York United States WW 111 West Illinois LLC New York United States WW 115 W 18th Street LLC New York United States WW 1161 Mission LLC New York United States WW 120 E 23rd Street LLC New York United States WW 1328 Florida Avenue LLC New York United States WW 1550 Wewatta Street LLC New York United States WW 1601 Fifth Avenue LLC New York United States WW 1875 Connecticut LLC New York United States WW 2015 Shattuck LLC New York United States WW 205 E 42nd Street LLC New York United States WW 210 N Green LLC New York United States WW 220 NW Eighth Avenue LLC New York United States WW 222 Broadway LLC New York United States WW 2221 South Clark LLC New York United States WW 240 Bedford LLC New York United States WW 25 Broadway LLC New York United States WW 26 JS Member LLC New York United States WW 312 Arizona LLC New York United States WW 350 Lincoln LLC New York United States WW 379 W Broadway LLC New York United States WW 401 Park Avenue South LLC New York United States WW 5 W 125th Street LLC New York United States WW 500 Yale LLC New York United States WW 51 Melcher LLC Delaware United States WW 520 Broadway LLC New York United States WW 535 Mission LLC New York United States WW 555 West 5th Street LLC New York United States WW 5782 Jefferson LLC New York United States WW 600 Congress LLC New York United States WW 641 S Street LLC New York United States WW 718 7th Street LLC New York United States WW 745 Atlantic LLC Delaware United States WW 79 Madison LLC New York United States WW 81 Prospect LLC New York United States WW 811 West 7th Street LLC New York United States WW 85 Broad LLC New York United States WW 995 Market LLC New York United States Exhibit 21 

WW Argentina Holdco BV Netherlands WW Argentina Holdco II BV Netherlands WW Bishopsgate Limited England United Kingdom WW Brooklyn Navy Yard LLC New York United States WW BuildCo LLC New York United States WW Community Workspaces Philippines, Inc. Philippines WW Co-Obligor Inc. Delaware United States WW Costa Rica FTZ SRL Costa Rica WW Costa Rica SRL Costa Rica WW Devonshire Limited England United Kingdom WW Enlightened Hospitality Investor LLC New York United States WW Hanover House Operations Limited England United Kingdom WW HoldCo LLC Delaware United States WW Journal Square Holdings LLC New York United States WW Journal Square Member LLC New York United States WW Medius Limited England United Kingdom WW Metropool B.V. Netherlands WW Moor Place Limited England United Kingdom WW Onsite Services AAG LLC New York United States WW Onsite Services EXP LLC New York United States WW Onsite Services LLC New York United States WW Onsite Services SFI LLC New York United States WW Onsite Services SUM LLC New York United States WW Project Swift Development LLC Delaware United States WW Project Swift Member LLC Delaware United States WW Sea Containers Limited England United Kingdom WW Sweden AB Sweden WW VendorCo LLC New York United States WW Weteringschans B.V. Netherlands WW Worldwide C.V. Netherlands WWCO Architecture Holdings LLC Delaware United States WW-DSQ Partner LLC Delaware United States Exhibit 21 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 consentforms-8march282023.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-261894) pertaining to the 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, and 
 2013 Stock Incentive Plan 
 of our reports dated March 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of WeWork Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of WeWork Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a311section302ceocertifica.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Sandeep Mathrani, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on the Form 10-K of WeWork Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 28, 2023 By s Sandeep Mathrani Sandeep Mathrani Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a312section302cfocertifica.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Andre Fernandez, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on the Form 10-K of WeWork Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 28, 2023 By s Andre Fernandez Andre Fernandez Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a321section906ceocertifica.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Sandeep Mathrani, the Chief Executive Officer of WeWork Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on the Form 10-K of WeWork Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of WeWork Inc. 

Date March 28, 2023 By s Sandeep Mathrani Sandeep Mathrani Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a322section906cfocertifica.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Andre Fernandez, the Chief Financial Officer of WeWork Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on the Form 10-K of WeWork Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of WeWork Inc. 
 
 Date March 28, 2023 By s Andre Fernandez Andre Fernandez Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 we-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 we-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 we-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 we-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 we-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

