<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1830795_0001213900-23-025584.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4809579</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>339349</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>954612</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1047278</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1226630</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1124401</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025584.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331165523
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025584
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001830795
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				853286402
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40009
		FILM NUMBER:		23788824

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4221 W. BOY SCOUT BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-656-2176

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4221 W. BOY SCOUT BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025584.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_quantumfintech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

QUANTUM
FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

., 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Zip
Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol (s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Warrants to purchase one-half of one share of common stock QFTAW OTC Units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one redeemable warrant QFTA.U The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As of June 30,
2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the
shares of common stock of the registrant (based upon the closing price of the registrant s shares of common stock at that date
as reported by the New York Stock Exchange), excluding outstanding shares beneficially owned by persons who may be deemed affiliates
of the registrant, was . 

As of March 31,
2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 29 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 34 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 34 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 39 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 39 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 44 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 48 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or unless the context otherwise requires, references to: 

we, us 
 our or our Company refers to Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation; 

AtlasClear refers to AtlasClear, Inc., a Wyoming corporation; 

certificate of incorporation refers to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended; 

initial stockholders refers to all of our stockholders immediately prior to the closing of the initial public offering, including the co-sponsors, officers and directors, to the extent they hold such shares; 

founder shares 
 or insider shares refers to the 5,031,250 shares of common stock held by our initial stockholders prior to the closing
 of the initial public offering; 

private warrants 
 refers to the warrants issued to our co-sponsors in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering; 

co-sponsors 
 refers to Quantum Ventures and Chardan Quantum; 

Chardan 
 or Chardan Capital Markets LLC refers to Chardan Capital Markets LLC, the representative of the underwriters; 

Chardan Quantum 
 refers to Chardan Quantum LLC, an affiliate of Chardan; 

Quantum Ventures 
 refers to Quantum Ventures LLC, an affiliate of certain of our officers and directors; 

public stockholders 
 means the holders of shares of common stock which were sold as part of the units in the initial public offering, or public
 shares. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K (this Annual Report are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future,
including with respect to our proposed business combination with AtlasClear. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may
include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including the proposed business combination with AtlasClear, particularly in light of disruption that may result from limitations imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result
 of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our expectations around the performance of AtlasClear or any other prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses if the proposed business combination with AtlasClear is not completed; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

the
 delisting of our securities from the NYSE or an inability to have our securities listed on
 the NYSE following a business combination; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

our
 financial performance following the initial public offering; 

our independent registered public accounting firm s
 report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 and 

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the SEC, including any preliminary prospectus/proxy statement included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we or Calculator New Pubco, Inc. may file with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with AtlasClear. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

iii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on October 1, 2020, for the purpose of entering into a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one
or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. 
While we may pursue an initial business combination in any region or sector, we have initially focused our efforts on identifying
high-growth financial services and FinTech businesses with an estimated enterprise value up to 1.0 billion as targets for our
initial business combination. 

On
October 23, 2020, Quantum Ventures, our sponsor, purchased 4,312,500 founder shares from us for 25,000, or 0.006 per share. In January
2021, Quantum Ventures sold 813,500 founder shares to Chardan Quantum and 35,000 founder shares to each of our directors, in each case
at the original price per share, resulting in Quantum Ventures holding a balance of 3,254,000 founder shares. On February 4, 2021, we
effected a stock dividend of 718,750 shares with respect to our common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate
of 5,031,250 founder shares. 

The
registration statements on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-252226 and 333-252761) for our initial public offering were declared effective
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 4, 2021. On February 9, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering of 17,500,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000. Each unit consists of one share of
common stock and one redeemable warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one half-share of common stock at
a price of 11.50 per full share. On February 12, 2021, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, resulting in
our issuance of an additional 2,625,000 units at a public offering price of 10.00 per unit. After giving effect to the exercise and
close of the option, an aggregate of 20,125,000 units have been issued in the initial public offering, with aggregate gross proceeds
of 201,250,000. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of 4,450,000 private warrants to Quantum Ventures
and 1,112,500 private warrants to Chardan Quantum, in each case at a price of 1.00 per private warrant, generating gross proceeds of
 5,562,500. In connection with the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, Quantum Ventures purchased an additional
472,500 private warrants and Chardan Quantum purchased an additional 118,125 private warrants, in each case, at a price of 1.00 per
private warrant, generating additional gross proceeds of 590,625. 

A
total of 201,250,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placements, including as a result of the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, was placed in a trust
account established for the benefit of our public shareholders (the trust account ), with Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and has been invested only in U.S. government treasury bills, notes and bonds
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act and which invest solely in U.S. Treasuries. Except for all
interest income that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations and for dissolution expenses up to 100,000, as applicable,
none of the funds held in the trust account will be released from the trust account until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of
our initial business combination by August 9, 2022 (or February 9, 2023, as applicable) if we have executed a letter of intent,
agreement in principle or definitive agreement for an initial business combination by August 9, 2022 (as further extended to up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to the charter Amendment), and (ii) a redemption to
public stockholders prior to any voluntary winding-up in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination within the
applicable period. 

We incurred 5,017,526 in transaction costs, including 4,528,125 of underwriting fees and 489,401 of other offering costs. In addition,
a marketing fee of 7,043,750 is payable to Chardan pursuant to a Business Combination Marketing Agreement. 

Our units began trading on February 5, 2021 on
the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol QFTA.U. Commencing on March 10, 2021, the shares of
common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on the NYSE under the symbols QFTA and QFTA
WS, respectively. Those units not separated continue to trade on the NYSE under the symbol QFTA.U. On October 31,
2022, the warrants ceased trading on the NYSE and now trade on the OTC under the symbol QFTAW. 

1 

Significant
Events and Transactions 

Proposed AtlasClear Business Combination 

On November 16, 2022, we entered
into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement by and among us, Calculator New Pubco, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company New Pubco ), Calculator Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Pubco Merger Sub 1 ), Calculator Merger Sub 2, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Pubco Merger Sub 2 ), AtlasClear, Inc., a Wyoming corporation AtlasClear ),
Atlas FinTech Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation Atlas FinTech and Robert McBey. The Business Combination Agreement
was unanimously approved by our board of directors (the Board based upon the unanimous recommendation of a special committee
of independent directors. If the Business Combination Agreement is approved by our stockholders, and the transactions contemplated by
the Business Combination Agreement are consummated, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing
as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Pubco and (ii) Merger Sub 2 will merge with and into AtlasClear, with
AtlasClear continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Pubco (collectively, the Business Combination ). 

Prior to the closing of the
Business Combination (the Closing ), AtlasClear will receive certain assets from Atlas FinTech and Atlas Financial Technologies
Corp., will complete the acquisition of broker-dealer Wilson-Davis Co., Inc. WDCO and will consummate a transaction
with Pacsquare Technologies, LLC Pacsquare ). In addition, at Closing, the definitive agreement pursuant to which AtlasClear
has agreed to acquire Commercial Bancorp, a Wyoming corporation CB shall continue to be in full force and effect (the
 CB Merger Agreement ). The Company expects the Closing to occur before the closing of the transactions contemplated by the
CB Merger Agreement (the CB Closing ). At the Closing, AtlasClear stockholders will receive merger consideration in shares
of New Pubco common stock equal to the quotient of (i) 75.4 million, less the purchase prices for WDCO and CB, divided by (ii) 10. In
addition, the AtlasClear stockholders will receive up to 5,944,444 shares of New Pubco common stock (the Earn Out Shares ).
The Earn Out Shares will be issued to AtlasClear stockholders upon certain milestones (based on the achievement of certain price targets
of New Pubco common stock following the Closing). In the event such milestones are not met within the first 18 months following the Closing,
the Earn Out Shares will be cancelled. Atlas FinTech will also receive up to 20 million of New Pubco common stock Software Products
Earn Out Shares ), which will be issued to Atlas FinTech upon certain milestones based on the achievement of certain revenue targets
of software products contributed to AtlasClear by Atlas FinTech and Atlas Financial Technologies Corp. following the Closing. The revenue
targets will be measured yearly for the five years following Closing, with no catch-up between the years. 

Refer to Note 6 of our financial statements for
further details on the Business Combination. 

Termination of TradeStation Merger Agreement 

We previously entered into
a merger agreement with TradeStation Group, Inc. TradeStation on November 4, 2021, as amended on December 17, 2021 and
April 28, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ). On August 2, 2022, we received a notice from TradeStation that purported to terminate
the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 12.01(c) thereof. Section 12.01(c) provided that the Merger Agreement may be terminated by either
party if the merger of the Company with Merger Sub had not occurred on or before August 1, 2022 (the Termination Date 
provided that such termination right was not available to any party whose breach of any provision of the Merger Agreement had been the
primary cause of, or primarily resulted in, the failure of the closing of the business combination to occur on or before such date. On
August 2, 2022, we sent a letter to TradeStation stating that TradeStation was not permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant
to Section 12.01(c) because TradeStation s breaches of, and failure to perform under, the Merger Agreement were the primary cause
of the failure of the closing of the business combination to occur on or before the Termination Date. On November 15, 2022, we sent a
notice to TradeStation terminating the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 12.01(b) thereof. 

2 

Extension of SPAC Liquidation Date 

On February 6, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment to our
certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination for an additional six months to
up to August 9, 2023, by electing to extend on a monthly basis for up to six times, provided that Quantum Ventures (or its affiliates
or permitted designees) deposit into the Trust Account an amount determined by multiplying 0.055 by the number of public shares then
outstanding, up to a maximum of 175,000 for each one-month extension. In connection with the stockholder meeting, 14,667,626 stockholders
properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.13 per share, resulting in a
total final aggregate redemption amount of approximately 148.5 million, leaving approximately 55.3 million in the Trust Account. 

Business
Strategy 

We
intend to identify high growth FinTech acquisition targets by leveraging the expertise of our management team. Our management team maintains
robust deal sourcing channels and industry-leading relationships across the FinTech landscape. 

NYSE
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not
able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such
criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair
market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of
a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which
our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or
(ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the
target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we
will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of NYSE s
80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test
will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business
combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

In
addition to any potential business candidates we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates will be
brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large
business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, as applicable
and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities, and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. 

3 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our co-sponsors, officers or
directors, nor are we prohibited from partnering, submitting joint bids, or entering into any similar transaction with our co-sponsors,
or an affiliate of our co-sponsors, in the pursuit of an initial business combination. If we seek to complete an initial business combination
with such a company or we partner with our co-sponsors, or any of their affiliates in our pursuit of an initial business combination,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or an independent accounting firm, and reasonably acceptable to Chardan, with respect to fair market value that the business combination
is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Certain of our directors currently have relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Consistent
with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
a prospective business target. We utilize these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but these are not intended
to be exhaustive and management will independently review the merits of an initial business combination. No individual criterion will
entirely determine a decision to pursue an opportunity, but we intend to acquire companies that we believe: 

Are high-growth FinTech
 businesses which operate within large and expanding markets with significant whitespace opportunity; 

Are of meaningful scale
 and whose products and/or services are materially differentiated from competitors creating meaningful barriers to entry for new competitors; 

Operate a superior unit
 economic model which either currently or over time are expected to generate profitable, stable and predictable cash flow generation
 for the business; 

Are at a capital inflection
 point where significant risk-adjusted shareholder value can be generated through a business combination and resulting access
 to the broader equity capital markets to drive growth; 

Possess a best-in-class management
 team with a track record of success in driving growth and profitability within FinTech market; 

Maintain superior and scalable
 risk management, underwriting, data analytics, monitoring and reporting processes; and 

Promote financial inclusion
 and provide significant value to the underlying end consumer or enterprise through a lowering of transaction costs or through providing
 access to high-quality scalable financial services. 

These
criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet
the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that
we would file with the SEC. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
the requirement that we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the
trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time
of the agreement to enter into the business combination, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise
their redemption rights and the number of our outstanding warrants and the future dilution they potentially represent may not be viewed
favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our
initial business combination. 

4 

Employees 

We
currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but
they have and will continue to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial
business combination. The amount of time they devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected
for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time
employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Our
Website 

Our
corporate website address is www.qftacorp.com. The information contained on, or accessible through our corporate website or any other
website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our units, shares of common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation sent
to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, the financial information included in the proxy solicitation
materials will need to be prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP,
or international financial reporting standards, or IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board or the IASB, depending
on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. The financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP for the Form 8-K announcing the closing of an initial business combination, which would need to be filed within four business
days thereafter. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will
have the necessary financial information. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. 

We
are required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act beginning for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2021. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase
the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated
with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

5 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in
this section, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Such risks include, but are not limited to : 

We are a blank check company
 in the early stage with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
 business objective. 

Our search for a business
 combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected
 by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

Our public stockholders
 may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our initial business
 combination even though a majority of our stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to
 affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem
 your shares from us for cash. 

Management s flexibility
 in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with our management s financial interest in consummating
 our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of
 our stockholders. 

Certain of our officers
 and directors are affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly,
 may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
 be presented. 

The ability of our public
 stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets,
 which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

If we seek stockholder
 approval of our business combination, our co-sponsors, directors, officers and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from
 stockholders, in which case they may influence a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support. 

The ability of our public
 stockholders to exercise their redemption rights may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize
 our capital structure. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions, as applicable) may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

If we seek stockholder
 approval of our business combination, our co-sponsors, directors, officers and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from
 stockholders, in which case they may influence a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support. 

You will not have any rights
 or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment,
 you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss. 

Our securities may not
 continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
 and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You are not entitled to
 protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

If the net proceeds of the initial public offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions, as applicable) it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from Quantum Ventures, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait until February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions, as applicable) or longer before redemption from our trust account. In addition, our public stockholders may only receive a pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account (which may be less than 10.00 per share) on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

6 

For risk factors related to AtlasClear and
our proposed business combination with AtlasClear, please review the Registration Statement on Form S-4 to be filed by the Company or
Calculator New Pubco, Inc., including the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus of the Company included therein, and the definitive proxy
statement/prospectus to be filed by the Company. 

Risks
Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

We
are a blank check company in the early stage with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our
ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company with no operating
results to date. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective
of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination,
including the proposed business combination with AtlasClear. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate
any operating revenues. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted, and a
significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that has affected, or could adversely affect,
the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination
could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue
to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services
providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our
search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new
information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among
others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability
to consummate a business combination, such as the proposed business combination with AtlasClear, or the operations of a target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate
a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events,
including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms
acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, financial markets may be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflict, including
between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events globally. 

The
requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of
the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned
on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type
and number of companies with which we may complete such a business combination. 

Pursuant
to NYSE listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least
80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income
earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction
may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete a business combination with. If we are unable to locate a target business
or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro
rata portion of the funds in the trust account, which may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our
public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our
initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required, we may conduct redemptions via a tender offer. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business
combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve the business combination. 

7 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

You
may not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Because our board
of directors may consummate our initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the
right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least
20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our business combination. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into our initial business combination with a target. 

We
may enter into a transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such closing
condition, and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our
public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly
submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001, or such greater amount necessary to satisfy
a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead
search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets would be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter
into our initial business combination transaction with us. 

The
ability of a large number of our stockholders to exercise redemption rights may not allow us to consummate the most desirable business
combination or optimize our capital structure. 

In
connection with the consummation of our business combination, we may redeem up to that number of shares of common stock that would permit
us to maintain net tangible assets of 5,000,001. If our business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay
the purchase price, the redemption threshold may be further limited. Alternatively, we may need to arrange third party financing to help
fund our business combination in case a larger percentage of stockholders exercises its redemption rights than we expect. If the acquisition
involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to the target or
its stockholders to make up for the failure to satisfy a minimum cash requirement. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may
involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate
the most attractive business combination available to us. 

The
requirement that we maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount of cash could increase the probability that we cannot consummate
our business combination and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If,
pursuant to the terms of our proposed business combination, we are required to maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount
of cash in trust in order to consummate the business combination, regardless of whether we proceed with redemptions under the tender
offer or proxy rules, the probability that we cannot consummate our business combination is increased. If we do not consummate our business
combination, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate. If you are in need of immediate liquidity,
you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount
in our trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in
connection with a redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination by February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions, as applicable) may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning our initial business combination will be aware that we must consummate our initial business combination by
February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions, as applicable). Consequently, such target business may obtain
leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination
with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk
will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence, and may
enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

8 

We
may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

Our co-sponsors and our officers and directors
have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions,
as applicable). We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate our initial business combination within such time
period. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than five business days thereafter (subject to our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law), distribute the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public stockholders by way of redemption
and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. This redemption of public
stockholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, prior to any voluntary
winding up. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our business combination, our co-sponsors, directors, officers and their affiliates may elect to purchase
shares from stockholders, in which case they may influence a vote in favor of a proposed business combination that you do not support. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our co-sponsors,
directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions either prior to or following the consummation
of our initial business combination. Such purchases will not be made if our co-sponsors, directors, officers or their affiliates are in
possession of any material non-public information that has not been disclosed to the selling stockholder. Such a purchase would include
a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner
thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our co-sponsors, directors, officers or their affiliates
purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights,
such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act would apply to purchases by our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates, then such purchases will
comply with Rule 10b-18, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchased made under certain conditions, including
with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases. 

The
purpose of such purchases would be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination
or (2) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash at the closing of the business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result
in the consummation of an initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

Purchases
of shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions by our co-sponsors, directors, officers or
their affiliates may make it difficult for us to maintain the listing of our shares on a national securities exchange following the consummation
of an initial business combination. 

If
our co-sponsors, directors, officers or their affiliates purchase shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated
transactions, the public float of our shares of common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities would
both be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain the listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange
following consummation of the business combination. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders are entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only in the event of a redemption to public stockholders prior to any winding up in the event we do not consummate
our initial business combination or our liquidation, if they redeem their shares in connection with an initial business combination that
we consummate, or if we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of our redemption obligation
to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination by February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant
to permitted extensions, as applicable). In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to the funds
in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss. 

You
are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because
the net proceeds of the initial public offering are intended to be used to complete our initial business combination with a target business
that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws.
However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the consummation of the initial public offering and filed a
Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by
the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or
protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable upon consummation of the initial public
offering, and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than companies have that are subject to Rule 419.
Moreover, offerings subject to Rule 419 would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to
us. 

9 

If the net proceeds not being held in the
trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions,
as applicable), we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

The funds available to us outside of the trust
account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions,
as applicable), assuming that our initial business combination is not consummated during that time. Of the funds available to us, we could
use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also
use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to
keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target
businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we
are unable to fund such down payments or no shop provisions, our ability to close a contemplated transaction could be impaired.
Furthermore, if we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were
subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue
searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may only receive a pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account (which may be less than 10.00 per
share) on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Subsequent
to our consummation of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges. 

Even
if we conduct thorough due diligence on a target business with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues that
may be present inside a particular target business. Even with thorough due diligence, we may not be able to uncover all material issues,
and there may be factors outside of the target business and outside of our control that may arise. As a result of these factors, we may
be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could
result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items
and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which
we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt
financing. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received
by stockholders may be less than 10.00. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may
not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding
our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit
of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented
from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to
waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to consummate
an initial business combination by February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions, as applicable), or upon
the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of
claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption
amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims
of such creditors. Pursuant to a letter agreement, Quantum Ventures has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims
by a third-party (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a
prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account
to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public
offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is
deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, Quantum Ventures will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
However, we have not asked Quantum Ventures to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether
Quantum Ventures has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that Quantum Ventures only assets are
securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that Quantum Ventures would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our
officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties, including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

10 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce indemnification obligations against Quantum Ventures, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds
in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below 10.00 per share and Quantum Ventures asserts that it is unable to
satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would
determine on our behalf whether to take legal action against Quantum Ventures to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against Quantum Ventures to enforce its indemnification obligations
to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular
instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations on our behalf, the amount of funds in
the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or
an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders
could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer 
or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received
by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or
having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust
account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or
an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount
that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions
on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment
company, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements
and other rules and regulations. 

If
we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional
expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results
of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments and agencies, in particular, the SEC. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and
their interpretation and application also may change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

11 

If we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait until up to August 9, 2023 or longer before redemption from our trust
account. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination by February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions, as applicable) we will, as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than five business days thereafter (subject to our certificate of incorporation and applicable law), distribute
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public stockholders by way of redemption
and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs by way of a voluntary liquidation, as further described
herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by our certificate of incorporation
prior to our commencing any voluntary liquidation. Except as otherwise described herein, we have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to the date of any redemption required as a result of our failure to consummate our initial business combination within the period
described above or our liquidation, unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors
have sought to redeem their shares of common stock. Only upon any such redemption of public shares as we are required to effect or any
liquidation will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt
issued within a three-year period or revenues exceeds 1.235 billion, or the market value of our shares of common stock that
are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would
cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when a new accounting standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will not adopt the new or revised standard until the time private
companies are required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public
company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition
period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. As such, our financial statements may
not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares less
attractive because we may rely on the provisions of the JOBS Act. If some investors find our shares less attractive as a result of, there
may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may
take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our
common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our
annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure
obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

We
may face risks related to FinTech or related businesses. 

Business
combinations with FinTech or related businesses may involve special considerations and risks. If we complete our initial business combination
with a FinTech or related business, we will be subject to the following risks, any of which could be detrimental to us and the business
we acquire: 

If the company or business
 we acquire provides products or services which relate to the facilitation of financial transactions, such as funds or securities
 settlement system, and such product or service fails or is compromised, we may be subject to claims from both the firms to whom we
 provide our products and services and the clients they serve; 

If we are unable to keep
 pace with evolving technology and changes in the financial services industry our revenues and future prospects may decline; 

12 

Our ability to provide
 FinTech or related products and services to customers may be reduced or eliminated by legal or regulatory changes; 

Any business or company
 we acquire could be vulnerable to cyberattack or theft of individual identities or personal data; 

Difficulties with any products
 or services we provide could damage our reputation and business; 

A failure to comply with
 privacy and other laws and regulations to which we may be subject could adversely affect relations with customers and have a negative
 impact on business; 

We may not be able to protect
 our intellectual property and we may be subject to infringement claims. 

Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. If we acquire a target business in
another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in
which we operate or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

If we were unable to complete the AtlasClear
Business Combination and have to select another target business with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable
to ascertain the merits or risks of any such other target business operations. 

We may pursue acquisition opportunities in any
geographic region. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we initially focused our efforts
on identifying high-growth financial services and FinTech businesses. Except for the limitations that a target business have a fair
market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the
income earned on the trust account) and that we are not permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check
company or similar company with nominal operations, we have flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate.
Accordingly, if we were unable to complete the AtlasClear Business Combination, there is no basis for you to evaluate the possible merits
or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the
extent we consummate our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which
we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although
our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors, or we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence with respect to the target business
and its industry. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the
chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. In addition, investors will be relying on the business judgment of our
board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of a particular
target business. An investment in our securities may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment,
if such opportunity were available, in an acquisition target. 

If we were unable to complete the
AtlasClear Business Combination, we could seek investment opportunities outside our management s area of expertise and our management
may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all significant risks associated with the target company. 

There
is no limitation on the industry or business sector we may consider when contemplating our initial business combination. We may therefore
be presented with a business combination candidate in an industry unfamiliar to our management team, but determine that such candidate
offers an attractive investment opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an investment outside of our management s
expertise, our management s experience may not be directly applicable to the target business or the evaluation of its operations. 

Although we identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, if we are unable to complete the AtlasClear
Business Combination, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines,
and, as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent
with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
specific criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business, with which we enter
into our initial business combination will not have all of these attributes. If we consummate our initial business combination with a
target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce our initial business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise its redemption rights, which may
make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or the NYSE, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business
combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share or even less on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

13 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors altogether. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

In
recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer
insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally
increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage
as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential
liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order
to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to
any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination
entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm in connection with a business combination, and consequently,
an independent source may not confirm that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our public stockholders from a financial
point of view. 

Unless
we consummate our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm that the price we are paying is fair to our public stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion
is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on
standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy
solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not consummated. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to consummate our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event
will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and
acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only
receive 10.00 per share or even less on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

14 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share or even less on our redemption, and the warrants will
expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering
prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds
in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our
initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. Financing
may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we cannot borrow amounts over 250,000
unless we receive approval from AtlasClear. The current economic environment, including due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
has made it especially difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable
when needed to consummate our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that
particular initial business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share or even less on our redemption, and the warrants will expire worthless.
In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to consummate our initial business combination, we may require such financing
to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect
on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred and
expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our
plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. If we are unable to raise additional funds
to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by February 9, 2023 (or up to August 9, 2023 pursuant to permitted extensions,
as applicable), then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. Quantum Ventures has committed to provide us
up to 3,000,000 in Working Capital Loans (as defined below), however, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we need approval from AtlasClear
to borrow amounts over 250,000, so we may not be able to utilize the Working Capital Loan commitments or obtain additional financing.
The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. Management intends to complete an initial business combination before August 9, 2023, however, it is uncertain whether
management will succeed in doing so. The restated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Current Report do not include any adjustments
that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering, which will cause us to be solely
dependent on a single business, which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively
impact our operations and profitability. 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that
present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis.
By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities, which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be solely dependent upon the performance
of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of
which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

If we are unable to complete the AtlasClear
Business Combination, we may attempt to simultaneously consummate business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder
our ability to consummate our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our
operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

If we are unable to complete the AtlasClear
Business Combination, we may attempt to consummate our initial business combination with a private company about which little information
is available. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition,
very little public information exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in our initial business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

15 

We
may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. 

If we are unable to complete the AtlasClear Business
Combination, we may structure our initial business combination to acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business, but we will only consummate such business combination if we will become the majority stockholder of the target (or control the
target through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to
register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, or to the extent permitted by law we may acquire interests in a variable
interest entity, in which we may have less than a majority of the voting rights in such entity, but in which we are the primary beneficiary.
Even though we may own a majority interest in the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the
issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings
resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this
may make it more likely that we will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

Because
of our structure, other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including
venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established
and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. Therefore, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
target businesses. Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval of our initial business combination may delay the consummation of a transaction.
Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Because
we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS, we may lose
the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules, which require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial
significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, U.S. GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with PCAOB standards. We will include substantially the same financial
statement disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules.
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may consummate our initial business combination
with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require
substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal
controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. The fact that we are a blank
check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us because a target company
with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

16 

If we are deemed
to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company
Act ), we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted and,
as a result, we may abandon our efforts to consummate an initial business combination and liquidate. 

On March 30, 2022,
the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), relating to, among other
things, circumstances in which SPACs could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC
Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of
the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period to announce and complete
a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a Current
Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination
no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its IPO (the IPO Registration Statement ).
The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date
of the IPO Registration Statement. 

There is currently uncertainty
concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC. It is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating
as an unregistered investment company. This risk may be increased if we continue to hold the funds in the trust account in short-term U.S. government
treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, rather than instructing the trustee to liquidate
the securities in the trust account and hold the funds in the trust account in cash. 

If we are deemed to be
an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject
to burdensome compliance requirements. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation
under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds.
As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon
our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our stockholders would
not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value
of our stock and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. 

If we instruct
the trustee to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in cash in order
to seek to mitigate the risk that we could be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would
likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount the public stockholders
would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

The funds in the trust
account have, since the IPO, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under
the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under
the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment
Company Act, we may, at any time, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement,
instruct the trustee with respect to the trust account to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds
held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of an initial
business combination or liquidation of the Company. Following such liquidation of the securities held in the trust account, we would likely
receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account. However, interest previously earned on the funds held in the
trust account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any. As a result, any decision to liquidate the securities held in the
trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash would reduce the dollar amount the public stockholders would
receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

In addition, even prior
to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed to be an investment company.
The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market
funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered
an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the Company. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion,
to liquidate the securities held in the trust account at any time, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, and instead hold all funds
in the trust account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount the public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or
liquidation of the Company. 

17 

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR CO-SPONSORS AND MANAGEMENT TEAM 

Management s
flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with our management s financial interest in
consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest
of our stockholders. 

Subject
to the requirement that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses or assets having an aggregate fair
market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on
the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into such initial business combination, we will have virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Investors will be relying on management s
ability to identify business combinations, evaluate their merits, conduct or monitor diligence and conduct negotiations. Management s
flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with management s financial interest in consummating
our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our
stockholders, which would be the case if the trading price of our shares of common stock after giving effect to such business combination
was less than the per-share trust liquidation value that our stockholders would have received if we had dissolved without consummating
our initial business combination. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be largely dependent upon the efforts
of our officers, directors and key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination.
In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will
have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the
life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have
a detrimental effect on us. 

The
role of such persons in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of such persons may remain with
the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or
all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after
our initial business combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar
with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping
them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and, as a result, may cause
them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate
employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with
the negotiation of the business combination and, could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the
ability of such individuals to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will not be the determining
factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however,
that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our key personnel may not
remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with
us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effectuate our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect, and such management may lack the expected skills, qualifications
or abilities. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon consummation of our initial business combination. The loss of an acquisition
target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the consummation of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that some members of the management team of
an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

18 

Past
performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their
respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success
with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team
or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to,
generate going forward. 

Certain
of our officers and directors are affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by
us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. 

Certain
of our executive officers and directors are affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business to us. Our officers and directors
may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain
fiduciary duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. 

For
example, Mr. Korhammer, our director, is affiliated with Chardan, which was also the underwriter in our initial public offering.
Mr. Korhammer owes a pre-existing fiduciary duty to Chardan, meaning that he may present opportunities to Chardan prior to
presenting them to us, if, for example, a potential target company is open to either raising funds in an offering or engaging in a transaction
with a blank check company. This may limit the number of potential targets Mr. Korhammer presents to us for purposes of completing
a business combination. 

Any
conflict of interest may not be resolved in our favor, and potential target businesses may be presented to another entity prior to their
presentation to us. 

Certain
shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will not participate in liquidation distributions and, therefore, our officers
and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business
combination. 

Our
officers and directors have waived their right to redeem any shares in connection with our initial business combination, or to receive
distributions with respect to their founder shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination.
Accordingly, these securities will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. Any warrants they hold, like
those held by the public, will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. The personal and financial
interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing
a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target
business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination
are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. 

We
may engage in our initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our executive officers, directors or existing holders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In light of the involvement of our co-sponsors, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire
one or more businesses affiliated with our co-sponsors, officers and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities. We would pursue a transaction with an entity affiliated with our co-sponsors, officers or directors if we determined
that such affiliated entity met our criteria for our initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of
our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion in connection with such transaction from an independent investment
banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we seek to acquire,
regarding the fairness to our stockholders from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and,
as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any
conflicts of interest. Our directors have a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of our stockholders, whether or not a conflict
of interest may exist. 

19 

Because
our co-sponsors will lose their entire initial investment in us if our initial business combination is not consummated and our officers
and directors have significant financial interests in us, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular acquisition
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
October 23, 2020, Quantum Ventures purchased 4,312,500 founder shares from us for 25,000, or 0.006 per share. In January 2021,
Quantum Ventures sold 813,500 founder shares to Chardan Quantum and 35,000 founder shares to each of our directors, in each case at the
original price per share, resulting in Quantum Ventures holding a balance of 3,254,000 founder shares. On February 4, 2021, we effected
a stock dividend of 718,750 shares with respect to our common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate
of 5,031,250 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. In addition,
Quantum Ventures purchased from us 4,922,500 private warrants and Chardan Quantum purchased from us 1,230,625 private warrants, in each
case, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 6,153,125 in private placements that closed simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering. The founder shares and private warrants will be worthless if we do not consummate an
initial business combination. 

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The
proceeds held in the trust account may be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in
direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate
of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates
below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the
future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination
or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to
receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less,
in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the
value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00
per share. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete our initial business combination, which may
adversely affect our financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

We
may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. If we incur any indebtedness without a waiver from
any lender of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account, the incurrence of debt could
have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
 financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our shares of common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our shares of common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
 and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
 of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

20 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if
you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20 of our shares of common stock, you will lose the ability
to redeem all such shares in excess of 20 of our shares of common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, individually or together with
any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate
of 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering. Your inability to redeem more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in
the initial public offering will reduce your influence over our ability to consummate our initial business combination and you could
suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell such excess shares in open market transactions. As a result, you will continue
to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose of such shares, you would be required to sell your shares in open
market transaction, potentially at a loss. 

Holders
of warrants will not participate in liquidating distributions if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the
required time period. 

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust
account, the warrants will expire and holders will not receive any of such proceeds with respect to the warrants. The foregoing may provide
a financial incentive to public stockholders to vote in favor of any proposed initial business combination as each of their warrants
would entitle the holder to receive or purchase additional shares of common stock, resulting in an increase in their overall economic
stake in us. If a business combination is not approved, the warrants will expire and be worthless. 

If
we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants,
public holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis which would result in a fewer number of
shares being issued to the holder had such holder exercised the warrants for cash. 

If
we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants
at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis provided
that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that a holder will receive upon exercise
of its public warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised its warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption
from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and would only be able to
exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and
to maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the
expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential benefit
of the holder s investment in us may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the private
warrants may be exercisable for unregistered shares of common stock for cash even if the prospectus relating to the shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and effective. 

An
investor will only be able to exercise a warrant for cash if the issuance of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified
or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. 

No
public warrants will be exercisable for cash, and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common
stock issuable upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the holder of the warrants. At the time that the warrants become exercisable, we expect to continue to be listed on a national securities
exchange, which would provide an exemption from registration in every state. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. If the shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the
holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire
worthless if they cannot be sold. 

21 

Our
management s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive
fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants
for cash. 

If
we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report have been satisfied,
our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our co-sponsors and/or
their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have
been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential benefit of the holder s
investment in our company. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a way that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding warrants. 

Our
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders. 

We
have no obligation to net cash settle the warrants. 

In
no event will we have any obligation to net cash settle the warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

A
public stockholder who fails to vote either in favor of or against a proposed business combination may not be able to have his, her or
its shares redeemed for cash. 

In
order for a public stockholder to have his, her or its shares redeemed for cash in connection with any proposed business combination,
we may require that the public stockholder vote either in favor of or against a proposed business combination. If required to vote pursuant
to the procedures specified in our proxy statement to stockholders relating to the business combination, and such public stockholder
fails to vote in favor of or against the proposed business combination, whether that stockholder abstains from the vote or simply does
not vote, that stockholder would not be able to have his, her or its shares of common stock redeemed for cash in connection with such
business combination. 

We
will require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares of common stock in connection with a proposed business combination or
amendment to our certificate of incorporation to effect the substance or timing of their redemption obligation, if we fail to timely
complete a business combination to comply with specific requirements for redemption that may make it more difficult for them to exercise
their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

We
will require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the expiration date set forth in the
tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or in the event we distribute proxy materials, up to two business days prior to the vote
on the proposal to approve the business combination or amendment to our certificate of incorporation to affect the substance or timing
of our redemption obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination, or to deliver their shares
to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s
option. In order to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent
will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain
physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC,
it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short
time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, this may not be the case. Under Delaware law, we are required to provide at least 10 days 
advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a stockholder would have to determine whether to
exercise redemption rights. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders
who wish to redeem may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their redemption rights and thus may be unable to redeem their shares. 

Redeeming
stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. 

We
will require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares of common stock in connection with any proposed business combination
to comply with the delivery requirements discussed above for redemption. If such proposed business combination is not consummated, we
will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to redeem their shares
in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to
them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time, and you may not be able to sell your securities when
you wish, even while other stockholders that did not seek redemption may be able to sell their securities. 

22 

Our
certificate of incorporation contains provisions that prohibit our engaging in business combinations with interested stockholders in
certain circumstances. 

We
have opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, or the DGCL. However, our certificate of incorporation contains
similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder 
for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 

prior
 to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
 becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon
 consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned
 at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or 

at
 or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders
 of at least 66 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally,
a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or certain other transactions with the interested stockholder.
Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates
and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 20 or more of our voting stock. 

Under
certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to
effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested
in acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided
if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult
to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that our co-sponsors, and their respective affiliates, any of their respective direct or indirect
transferees of at least 20 of our outstanding common stock and any group as to which such persons are party to, do not constitute interested
stockholders for purposes of this provision. 

Our
initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our
initial stockholders, including our co-sponsors (and/or their designees) collectively will own 20 of our issued and outstanding
shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a
manner that you do not support, including amendments to our certificate of incorporation. If our initial stockholders, including our
co-sponsors (and/or their designees) purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated
transactions, this would increase their control. 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock. 

Pursuant
to a registration and stockholder rights agreement, our initial stockholders, including our co-sponsors and their permitted transferees
can demand that we register the founder shares and the private warrants and the underlying securities. We will bear the cost of registering
these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our
initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholder of the target business may increase
the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price
of our shares of common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders, including our co-sponsors and
their permitted transferees are registered. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike
most blank check companies, if we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock,
then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price
and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the higher of the Market
Value and the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target
business. 

23 

A
market for our securities may not fully develop or be sustained, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The
price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions.
An active trading market for our securities may not fully develop or, if developed or be sustained. Additionally, if our securities become
delisted from the NYSE for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for
equity securities not listed on a national exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were listed
on the NYSE or another national exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be fully developed and sustained. 

Our
securities may not continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in
our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our units and common stock are currently listed
on the NYSE. However, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future. Additionally, in
connection with our business combination, the NYSE may require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing
requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial
listing requirements at that time. If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a
 reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a
 determination that our shares of common stock are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our shares of
 common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
 market for our shares of common stock; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Our
certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types
of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company s directors, officers or other employees. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action
or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer, employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach,
(3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of
the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer
of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (a) as
to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery
(and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination),
(b) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (c) arising under
the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District
of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the inclusion of such provision in our
certificate of incorporation is not be deemed to be a waiver by our stockholders of our obligation to comply with federal securities
laws, rules and regulations, and the provisions of this paragraph in our certificate of incorporation will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States
of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of
our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation.
If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions is filed in a court other than a court located within
the State of Delaware (a foreign action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented
to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action
brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process
made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the foreign action as agent
for such stockholder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court
were to find this provision of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified
types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and
resources of our management and board of directors. 

24 

Our private warrants
and Additional Shares that may be issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value
of our private warrants and such Additional Shares could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On
April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued the SEC Statement, wherein the SEC Staff expressed its view
that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s
balance sheet as opposed to being treated as equity. Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions
related to certain tender offers following a business combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement
governing our warrants. As a result of the SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our warrants, and pursuant to the
guidance in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), determined the private warrants should be classified as derivative
liabilities measured at fair value on our balance sheet, with any changes in fair value to be reported each period in earnings on our
statement of operations. 

In addition, as more fully
described in Note 6 to the restated financial statements, pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, Additional Shares may be issued to
certain investors based on terms and conditions set forth in the Subscription Agreements. As a result, the Subscription Agreements create
a potential obligation to issue Additional Shares and, therefore, we should have classified this instrument to issue Additional Shares
as a derivative liability in the Original Filing. Under this accounting treatment, we are required to measure the fair value of the PIPE
derivative liability (as defined in the restated financial statements) on the date of issuance, and at the end of each reporting period
and recognize any change in fair value in our operating results for the current period. 

As
a result of the recurring fair value measurements, our financial statements may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors which are outside
of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants
and our PIPE derivative liability each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 

We have identified
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of
internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may
adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

In connection with the Restatement described in this Current Report,
our management reassessed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures for the periods affected by the Restatement. As
a result of that reassessment, our management determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31, 2021 due to the material weaknesses with respect to compiling information to prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. The material weaknesses are due to the previously omitted subsequent event disclosure of an advance from Quantum Ventures, the analysis
and full disclosure of the Merger Agreement, the impact of the Merger Agreement on our going concern assessment and the impact of the
Merger Agreement as it relates to the classification of our complex accounting instruments, as well as the related determination of the
fair value of the PIPE derivative liability, accumulated deficit, net loss and related financial disclosures. 

Previously,
in connection with our initial public offering, we accounted for a portion of the proceeds received from the offering as stockholders 
equity. Following the SEC s guidance on this issue, management identified errors in its historical financial statements and performed
a quantitative assessment under SAB 99. Based on this assessment, after consultation with our independent registered public accounting
firm, our management and audit committee concluded that a restatement of our financial statements for periods prior to September 30,
2021 was required to reclassify such amounts as common stock subject to possible redemption and that a material weakness in our internal
controls over financial reporting exists as a result of the identified errors that led to such restatement. 

Previously,
following the issuance of the SEC Statement described above, after consultation with our independent registered public accounting firm,
our management and our audit committee concluded that, in light of the SEC Statement, we identified a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting. In addition, in connection with the restatement of our financial statements as of and for the three
months ended March 31, 2021, management and our audit committee concluded that a material weakness also exists as it relates to the accounting
for our public warrants. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected
and corrected on a timely basis. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate
the material weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will
ultimately have the intended effects. 

If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such
newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could
result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance
with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements,
investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures
we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

We,
and following our initial business combination, the post-business combination company, may face litigation and other risks as a result
of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

As a result of the material weaknesses in our internal controls over
financial reporting described above, the change in accounting for the private warrants, the change in classification of redeemable public
shares, the reclassification of Additional Shares issuable pursuant to the Subscription Agreement as a derivative liability, the change
in our going concern assessment, the restatements and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential
for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims
or other claims arising from the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial
statements. As of the date of this Annual Report, other than our dispute with Tradestation, we have no knowledge of any such litigation
or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or
dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition
or our ability to complete a business combination. 

25 

RISKS
RELATING TO ACQUIRING AND OPERATING A BUSINESS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES 

We
may effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special
considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business home jurisdiction, including any of the following: 

rules
 and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars, including the conflict in
 Ukraine and the surrounding region; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable
 to do so, our operations might suffer. 

There
are costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations. 

Managing
a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based
abroad or in the United States) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences
in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties
inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely
domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance. 

Social
unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, or policy changes or enactments may occur
in a country in which we may operate after we effect our initial business combination. 

Political
events in another country may significantly affect our business, assets or operations. Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes,
changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, and policy changes or enactments could negatively impact our business in a particular
country. 

Many
countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption
and inexperience. 

Our
ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend
ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact
our operations, assets or financial condition. 

Rules
and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at
the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to
predict and inconsistent. 

Delay
with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor,
could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results. 

26 

If
relations between the United States and foreign governments deteriorate, it could cause potential target businesses or their goods
and services to become less attractive. 

The
relationship between the United States and foreign governments could be subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. For
instance, the United States may announce its intention to impose quotas on certain imports or become involved in trade wars with
other nations. Such import quotas or trade wars may adversely affect political relations between the two countries and result in retaliatory
countermeasures by the foreign government in industries that may affect our ultimate target business. Changes in political conditions
in foreign countries and changes in the state of U.S. relations with such countries are difficult to predict and could adversely affect
our operations or cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. Because we are not limited
to any specific industry, there is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible extent of any impact on our ultimate operations if
relations are strained between the United States and a foreign country in which we acquire a target business or move our principal
manufacturing or service operations. 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend
time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. 

Following
our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar
with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming, and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely
affect our operations. 

Currency
policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

Because
foreign law could govern our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdiction or elsewhere. 

Foreign
law could govern our material agreements. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or remedies may
not be available outside of such foreign jurisdiction s legal system. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and
contracts in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The judiciaries
in certain foreign countries may be relatively inexperienced in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher than usual
degree of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation, any such jurisdictions may not favor outsiders or could be corrupt. As a result,
the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business and business
opportunities. 

RISKS
RELATING TO TAXATION 

Our
initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders. As a result
of our initial business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

Although
we will attempt to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex,
the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations.
For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval, we may structure our
business combination in a manner that requires stockholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes. We do
not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination
or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination
with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of such holder s shares or warrants. In addition, we may effect a business
combination with a target company in another jurisdiction or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to,
the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). As a result, stockholders and warrant holders may be subject to
additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. 

Furthermore, we may effect
a business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and, possibly, business
operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding
and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions.
Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations
by taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial
condition. 

27 

An investment in our securities may result
in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

The
U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants is unclear under current law. In addition, it is unclear whether
the redemption rights with respect to our shares of common stock suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes
of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of common stock is long-term capital gain
or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividend income for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. 

We
would be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding
company (a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

We
could be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding
company, or PHC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income
tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without
regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations,
pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50 of the
stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60 of the corporation s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest,
certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). 

Depending
on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary gross income may
consist of PHC income. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of
our initial stockholders and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than
50 of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of
a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not be a PHC in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given
taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20 , on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes
our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. 

A
new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination,
extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases
in connection with the business combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and
amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection
with a business combination but issued within the same taxable year of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and
other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the us and not by the redeeming holder, the
mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available
on hand to complete a business combination and in our ability to complete a business combination. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 4221 W. Boy Scout Blvd., Suite 300, Tampa, FL 33607. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On December 1, 2022, Quantum Fintech Acquisition Corporation
filed suit against TradeStation Group, Inc., TSG Merger Sub, Inc., and Monex Group, Inc. (collectively, Defendants in the
Court of Chancery for the State of Delaware, Case No. 2022-1106-NAC, concerning the attempted business combination between the parties.
The Defendants filed their collective Answer and Affirmative Defenses on February 6, 2023, and have served discovery. No other action
has taken place to date. Because we have not concluded that an unfavorable outcome is probable or remote, we express no opinion on the
likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or potential loss. 

There is no other material litigation, arbitration or governmental
proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

28 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our equity securities trade on the NYSE. Each
of our units consists of one share of common stock and one redeemable warrant and, commencing on February 5, 2021, trades on the NYSE
under the symbol QFTA.U. The common stock and warrants underlying our units began trading separately on the NYSE under the
symbols QFTA and QFTA WS, respectively, on March 10, 2021. On October 31, 2022, the warrants ceased trading
on the NYSE and now trade on the OTC under the symbol QFTAW. 

Holders of Record 

On March 27, 2023, there
were approximately 1 holder of record of our units, 9 holders of record of our common stock and 3 holders of record of our warrants.
Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time and subject to Delaware law.
In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable
future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Use of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering 

On February 9, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of
17,500,000 Units and on February 12, 2021, we issued an additional 2,625,000 units as a result of the exercise in full of the underwriters 
over-allotment option, in each case, at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds of 201,250,000. The
securities sold in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statements on Form S-1 (Nos.
333-252226 and 333-252761). The registration statements became effective on February 4, 2021. On February 6, 2023, in connection with
the stockholder vote to extend the liquidation date of the Company, 14,667,626 stockholders properly exercised their right to redeem
their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.13 per share, resulting in a total final aggregate redemption amount
of approximately 148.5 million. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The statements in the discussion and analysis
regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding the performance of our business and the forward-looking statements are subject
to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors 
and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained
in or implied by any forward-looking statements. You should read the following discussion together with the sections entitled Risk
Factors , Business and the audited financial statements, including the related notes, appearing elsewhere in
this Annual Report. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal years, which end on December 31. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware on October 1, 2020, for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to
effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants,
our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. 

29 

On October 31, 2022, the New York Stock Exchange
(the NYSE notified us that the NYSE determined to commence proceedings to delist the public warrants from the NYSE and
that trading in the warrants would be suspended immediately, due to abnormally low trading price levels. We did not appeal the NYSE s
determination and on November 15, 2022, the NYSE filed a Form 25 with the SEC to delist the public warrants. Our common stock and units
continue to trade on the NYSE. The public warrants currently trade on the over-the-counter markets through the pink sheets. 

As approved by its stockholders at the special
meeting in lieu of annual meeting of stockholders held on February 6, 2023 (the Special Meeting ), we entered into an amendment
to the Investment Management Trust Agreement on February 6, 2023 (the Trust Amendment and filed an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State on February 6, 2023 (the Charter Amendment ).
Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the amendment extended the initial date on which we must commence liquidation of the Trust Account to
up to August 9, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Company s board of directors (the Board ), unless the
closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred, provided that the Sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted
designees) will deposit into a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders (the Trust
Account an amount determined by multiplying 0.055 by the number of public shares then outstanding, up to a maximum of 175,000
for each such one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred, in exchange
for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination. In connection with the Special
Meeting, the holders of 14,667,626 shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash
at a redemption price of approximately 10.13 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 148.5 million, leaving approximately
 55.3 million in the trust account. 

Significant Events and Transactions 

Proposed AtlasClear Business Combination 

On November 16, 2022, we entered into a Business
Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement by and among us, Calculator New Pubco, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company New Pubco ), Calculator Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of New Pubco Merger Sub 1 ), Calculator Merger Sub 2, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of New Pubco Merger Sub 2 ), AtlasClear, Inc., a Wyoming corporation AtlasClear ), Atlas FinTech Holdings
Corp., a Delaware corporation Atlas FinTech and Robert McBey. The Business Combination Agreement was unanimously approved
by our board of directors (the Board based upon the unanimous recommendation of a special committee of independent directors.
If the Business Combination Agreement is approved by our stockholders, and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement
are consummated, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of New Pubco and (ii) Merger Sub 2 will merge with and into AtlasClear, with AtlasClear continuing as the surviving
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Pubco (collectively, the Business Combination ). 

Prior to the closing of the Business Combination
(the Closing ), AtlasClear will receive certain assets from Atlas FinTech and Atlas Financial Technologies Corp., will complete
the acquisition of broker-dealer Wilson-Davis Co., Inc. WDCO and will consummate a transaction with Pacsquare Technologies,
LLC Pacsquare ). In addition, at Closing, the definitive agreement pursuant to which AtlasClear has agreed to acquire Commercial
Bancorp, a Wyoming corporation CB shall continue to be in full force and effect (the CB Merger Agreement ).
The Company expects the Closing to occur before the closing of the transactions contemplated by the CB Merger Agreement (the CB
Closing ). At the Closing, AtlasClear stockholders will receive merger consideration in shares of New Pubco common stock equal to
the quotient of (i) 75.4 million, less the purchase prices for WDCO and CB, divided by (ii) 10. In addition, the AtlasClear stockholders
will receive up to 5,944,444 shares of New Pubco common stock (the Earn Out Shares ). The Earn Out Shares will be issued
to AtlasClear stockholders upon certain milestones (based on the achievement of certain price targets of New Pubco common stock following
the Closing). In the event such milestones are not met within the first 18 months following the Closing, the Earn Out Shares will be cancelled.
Atlas FinTech will also receive up to 20 million of New Pubco common stock Software Products Earn Out Shares ), which will
be issued to Atlas FinTech upon certain milestones based on the achievement of certain revenue targets of software products contributed
to AtlasClear by Atlas FinTech and Atlas Financial Technologies Corp. following the Closing. The revenue targets will be measured yearly
for the five years following Closing, with no catch-up between the years. 

Refer to Note 6 of our financial statements for
further details on the Business Combination. 

Termination of TradeStation Merger Agreement 

We previously entered into a merger agreement
with TradeStation Group, Inc. TradeStation on November 4, 2021, as amended on December 17, 2021 and April 28, 2022 (the
 Merger Agreement ). On August 2, 2022, we received a notice from TradeStation that purported to terminate the Merger Agreement
pursuant to Section 12.01(c) thereof. Section 12.01(c) provided that the Merger Agreement may be terminated by either party if the merger
of the Company with Merger Sub had not occurred on or before August 1, 2022 (the Termination Date provided that such termination
right was not available to any party whose breach of any provision of the Merger Agreement had been the primary cause of, or primarily
resulted in, the failure of the closing of the business combination to occur on or before such date. On August 2, 2022, we sent
a letter to TradeStation stating that TradeStation was not permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 12.01(c) because
TradeStation s breaches of, and failure to perform under, the Merger Agreement were the primary cause of the failure of the closing
of the business combination to occur on or before the Termination Date. On November 15, 2022, we sent a notice to TradeStation terminating
the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 12.01(b) thereof. 

30 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, the initial public offering,
which is described below, and subsequent to the initial public offering, identifying a target company for a business combination. We do
not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income
in the form of income on marketable securities held in the trust account and change in fair value of derivative liabilities. We incur
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net income of 11,045,567, which consists of income earned on marketable securities held in trust account of 3,087,315, change in fair
value of PIPE derivative liability of 4,566,000 and change in fair value of warrant liability of 6,953,336, partially offset by operating
costs of 3,024,231 and provision for income taxes of 536,853. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a
net loss of 5,702,793, which consists of a change in fair value of the PIPE derivative liability of 966,000, unrealized gain on marketable
securities held in our trust account of 2,395 and interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account of 56,233, offset by
operating costs of 3,404,429 and change in fair value of warrant liability of 3,322,992. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On February 9, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering of 17,500,000 units, each unit consisting of one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one warrant to
purchase one-half of one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000.
Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 5,562,500 private warrants at a price of 1.00
per private warrant in a private placement to the Co-Sponsors, generating gross proceeds of 5,562,500. 

On February 12, 2021, in connection with the underwriters 
exercise of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 2,625,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit,
generating total gross proceeds of 26,250,000. In addition, we consummated the sale of an additional 590,625 private warrants at 1.00
per private warrant, generating gross proceeds of 590,625. 

Following the initial public offering, the full
exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the private warrants, a total of 201,250,000 was placed in the trust account.
We incurred 5,017,526 in initial public offering related costs, including 4,528,125 of underwriting fees and 489,401 of other costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used in operating activities was 1,084,259. Net income of 11,045,567 was affected by income earned on marketable securities held in
the trust account of 3,087,315, change in fair value of PIPE derivative liability of 4,566,000 and the change in fair value of warrant
liability of 6,953,336. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 2,476,825 of cash for operating activities, primarily due
to an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used
in operating activities was 1,072,107. Net loss of 5,702,793 was affected by a change in fair value of the PIPE derivative liability
of 966,000, unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the trust account of 2,395, interest earned on marketable securities held
in the trust account of 56,233, the change in fair value of warrant liability of 3,322,992 and transaction costs allocated to the warrant
liabilities of 9,348. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 2,322,974 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities
of 204,044,469 (including 2,794,469 of income, net of amounts withdrawn to pay taxes) held in the trust account, invested in U.S. government
treasury bills, notes or bonds having a maturity of 185 days or less and/or (ii) in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us. Investment income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us
to pay taxes and dissolution expenses up to 100,000. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we withdrew an amount of 351,474 in income
earned from the trust account. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the trust account, including any amounts representing income earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete
our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our
business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 129,560
in our operating bank accounts, 204,044,469 in marketable securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination
or to repurchase or redeem stock in connection therewith and working capital deficit of 5,449,512. As of December 31, 2022, 2,794,469
of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented income on marketable securities which is available to the Company to pay franchise
and income taxes. During year ended December 31, 2022, we withdrew 351,474 from the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

31 

In October 2021, Quantum Ventures committed to
provide us up to 2,000,000 in working capital loans. In February 2022, Quantum Ventures committed to provide us up to an additional 1,000,000
for a total of 3,000,000 in working capital loans (the Working Capital Loans ). Refer to Note 5 of our financial statements.
On March 14, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note, effective as of January 3, 2022, in the amount of up to 480,000 to Quantum
Ventures evidencing the Working Capital Loans. The note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier (i) February 9, 2023
and (ii) the effective date of the consummation of our initial business combination. The note is required to be repaid in cash at the
Closing and is not convertible into private warrants. Refer to Note 5 of our financial statements. We may raise additional capital
through loans or additional investments from Quantum Ventures or its stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. As of December
31, 2022, a principal balance of 480,000 has been advanced to the Company. 

Through the date of this filing, the co-Sponsors
have advanced an aggregate total of 319,166 to the Company. 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 205-40, Presentation
of Financial Statements Going Concern, the liquidity and date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through April 9, 2023, (the extended scheduled liquidation date
of the Company if it does not complete a Business Combination prior to such date). Management s plan is to complete a business combination
prior to August 9, 2023. The Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement on November 16, 2022 and is in the process of completing
this Business Combination. However there are no assurances the Company will complete the Business Combination prior to the mandatory liquidation
date and may require an extension vote and potentially require additional funds to be added to the trust. As discussed above, on March
14, 2022, we issued an unsecured non-interest bearing promissory note, effective as of January 3, 2022, in the amount of up to 480,000
to Quantum Ventures evidencing the Working Capital Loans. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional
measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us
on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. The date for mandatory liquidation and the liquidity condition raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date that the financial statements are issued. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after April 9, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay Quantum Ventures a monthly fee of 10,000
for office space, utilities and secretarial support. We began incurring these fees on February 4, 2021 and will continue to incur these
fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business combination and our liquidation. 

We engaged Chardan as an advisor in connection
with a business combination to assist us in holding meetings with our stockholders to discuss the potential business combination and the
target business s attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in connection
with the potential business combination, assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for the business combination and assist us with our
press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. We will pay Chardan a marketing fee for such services upon
the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to, 7,043,750, or 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the initial public
offering, including the proceeds from the full exercise of the over-allotment option. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from
those estimates. 

Derivative Liabilities 

We account for derivative instruments as either
equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the derivative instruments specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The
assessment considers whether the derivative instruments are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition
of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the derivative instruments meet all of the requirements for equity classification under
ASC 815, including whether the derivative instruments are indexed to our own common stock, among other conditions for equity classification.
This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly
period end date while the warrants and the PIPE derivatives are outstanding. We have concluded that the public warrants should be
classified as equity instruments, and the PIPE derivatives and the private warrants should be classified as liability instruments. 

32 

For issued or modified derivatives that meet all
of the criteria for equity classification, the derivatives are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at
the time of issuance. For issued or modified derivatives that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the derivatives
are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the
estimated fair value of the derivatives are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument
and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either
within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, all shares
of common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
equity (deficit) section of our consolidated balance sheets. 

Net Loss Per Common Share 

Net loss per common share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of
common stock is excluded from loss per common share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06,
 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU
2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP.
ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception,
and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing
the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Following the consummation of our initial public
offering, the net proceeds of our initial public offering, including amounts in the trust account, were invested in U.S. government treasury
bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there
will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

This information appears following Item 15 of
this Report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

33 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) were not effective, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the
Company s accounting for complex financial instruments and as described below. 

Our management determined that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses with respect to compiling information to prepare our interim
and annual financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The material weaknesses are due to the previously omitted subsequent event
disclosure in the Form 10-K previously filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022, an advance from Quantum Ventures, the analysis and full disclosure
of the Merger Agreement, the impact of the Merger Agreement on our going concern assessment and the impact of the Merger Agreement as
it relates to the classification of our complex financial instruments, as well as the related determination of the fair value of the PIPE
derivative liability, accumulated deficit, net loss and related financial disclosures. 

As a result, we performed additional analysis
as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that
the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. 

Management has implemented remediation steps to
improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities
and related accounting standards and to improve our internal control over financial reporting. We plan to further improve this process
by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting
applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS
Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

34 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our current directors and
executive officers are listed below. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 John Schaible 
 
 52 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Miguel Leon 
 
 57 
 
 Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Sandip I. Patel 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas J. Hammond 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard Korhammer 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven J. Carlson 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

John Schaible ,
has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since our inception in October 2020. Prior to co-founding Quantum Ventures
LLC, Mr. Schaible was a co-founder of Atlas Bank, a Latin American based bank and, since 2010, has served as its Vice Chairman.
Mr. Schaible has also served as Chief Executive Officer of AtlasBanc since 2010 and of Atlas FinTech since 2012, each affiliates
of Atlas Bank. Mr. Schaible also co-founded Anderen Bank and was Chief Operating Officer of Anderen Financial, an FDIC chartered
financial institution and a bank holding company regulated by the Federal Reserve Board, respectively. Mr. Schaible also founded
NexTrade and was instrumental in growing NexTrade until the sale of NexTrade s electronic communications network (division of NexTrade)
to Citigroup, Inc. in 2006. Mr. Schaible also founded Matchbookfx, one of the first spot foreign currency electronic platforms.
Mr. Schaible has a degree in business management from Colorado State University. Mr. Schaible also served on the board of Colorado
State University s General Leadership Council and Center for Entrepreneurship. 

Miguel Leon, Ph.D. has
served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception in October 2020. Mr. Leon is currently a President and Founding Partner
of SCA Inventarios, a Chilean logistics and technology company since 2010; a Director of AtlasBank Panama since 2017; President of Sartor
Asset Managements since 2020, Director Azul Azul S.A since 2021. He was Director of Tanner Asset Management, an asset management company,
since 2020. He was also Partner and Director of Sol s de Ovando, Leon Company, an M A advisory boutique firm, since
2011. Previously, from 2006 to 2011, he was Lead Partner at KPMG Advisory Area Chile, directing more than ten lines of business in various
areas of consulting, including corporate finance, risk and compliance and technology. Mr. Leon was also head of the Centre of Excellence
at KPMG Corporate Finance in Latin America. Both at Arthur Andersen and Ernst Young, he served as Regional Director for the
Latin America Global Corporate Finance team. Mr. Leon led many mergers and acquisitions, due diligence, business appraisals, arbitration
proceedings, and surveys in economic, finance and accounting with a focus on the banking sector. He was also Dean of the Faculty of Economics,
Business and Engineering at the Universidad Finis Terrae and President of the Monetary Club Chile. Mr. Leon has a Ph.D. in management
science ESADE, Spain; an M.B.A. from the University of Deusto, Spain; a degree in computer engineering from the University Federico,
Santa Mar and a degree in business administration from the University of Talca. 

Sandip I. Patel, Esq. ,
has served as a member of our board of directors since our inception in October 2020. Mr. Patel has been an attorney and corporate
business consultant at Sandip I. Patel, P.A., a law firm founded by Mr. Patel in 2000. Since 2017, Mr. Patel has also served
as Chief Legal Counsel of Channel Investments, LLC, a medical device company. Mr. Patel has been involved in the formation, acquisition,
development, growth, and liquidity events related to companies in the healthcare, insurance and financial services fields. Mr. Patel
currently holds public and private investments in a wide range of industries with a focus on medical devices, biotechnology, healthcare
services and related technologies, as well as FinTech and related services. Mr. Patel is also a co-founding shareholder of
AtlasBanc, and was a co-founding shareholder, and board member of Anderen Bank. He served on the board of directors for Avatar Property
and Casualty Insurance Company, a Florida-based homeowners insurance company. Mr. Patel was the Founder, President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Orion group of companies, a full-service real estate development company. Previously, Mr. Patel served
as Head of the New Business Development and M A team to national health insurance companies. Mr. Patel oversaw all legal, regulatory
and governmental affairs on behalf of WellCare, while serving as the General Counsel and a partner in the company. Since September 2021,
Mr. Patel has served as a director of Monterey Bio Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition company (Nasdaq: MTRY). Mr. Patel
received his JD degree from the Stetson University College of Law, and a B.B.A in Finance from the University of Georgia. 

35 

Thomas J. Hammond has
served as one of our independent directors since February 2021. Mr. Hammond was the President of ICE Clear U.S., a wholly owned
clearing house of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (NYSE: ICE) from 2007 until his retirement in 2017. In that role, Mr. Hammond
oversaw all technology, operations and financial functions at the clearing house. Prior to joining ICE, Mr. Hammond was Managing
Director, Trading Operations at the Chicago Board of Trade (later the CME Group) where he played a leadership role in the successful
transition to the Common Clearing Link. Before joining the CME Group in 2003, for a 17-year period, Mr. Hammond served as Chief
Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Board of Trade Clearing Corporation (BOTCC), where he
successfully managed the development and implementation of integrated over the counter (OTC) clearing systems. Mr. Hammond currently
serves as a board member of Atlas FinTech Holdings Corp. and Atlas Bank and, prior to his retirement in 2017, served on the boards of
the Financial Services Division and the Chicago Operations Division of the Futures Industry Association, and participated in the Chicago
Federal Reserve Bank s Working Group on Financial Markets. Mr. Hammond earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration
from Lewis University in Romeoville, IL. 

Richard Korhammer has
served as one of our independent directors since February 2021. Since March 2020, Mr. Korhammer has served as Managing Director
and Co-Head of FinTech Investment Banking at Chardan Capital Markets, a global investment bank. From August 2017 to February 2020,
he served as Managing Director at SenaHill Securities LLC, an investment banking firm. Previously, from March 2016 to December 2017,
Mr. Korhammer served as Chief Executive Officer at Airex, Inc., a producer of cloud-based marketplace. Since 2012, Mr. Korhammer
has been the Chairman of the board of directors of Yieldbroker, a Sydney, Australia-based electronic debt and derivatives exchange.
Mr. Korhammer was the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Co-founder of Lava Trading, an equities and FX best execution trading
and order management system platform that he successfully guided from its inception to its acquisition by Citigroup Inc., where he became
a Managing Director, overseeing global electronic equities execution. Throughout his career, Mr. Korhammer has held leadership positions
including Senior Advisor to Lightyear Capital, a multi-billion dollar private equity firm focusing on the financial sector and Chairman
of The Receivables Exchange, an SMB and Fortune 500 receivables trading platform. Mr. Korhammer started his career as a systems
engineer as well as serving in business development roles at NeXT Computers, founded by Steve Jobs, which was acquired by Apple Computers.
He holds a B.S.E. in computer science and electrical engineering from Princeton University. 

Steven J. Carlson , has served
as one of our independent directors since February 2021. Since 2016, Mr. Carlson has served as Co-Chairman of Magellan Global,
a financial services holding company which owns Marco Polo Securities Inc., for which he serves as Chairman, Pi Capital International
LLC, for which he serves as Managing Partner, and several other early stage firms. Pi Capital, a global advisory firm headquartered in
New York City, provides capital raising, M A advisory, and general corporate advisory services to firms in the financial institutions,
renewable power generation, and real estate sectors around the globe. Securities are offered through an affiliate, Marco Polo Securities,
Inc. Marco Polo Securities is a distribution platform enabling foreign financial services firms to market their products in the United States
and other select jurisdictions worldwide. Before founding Pi Capital, Mr. Carlson was President and Head of Investment Banking at
INTL FCStone Financial Inc. from 2010 to 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Carlson was the founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
the Provident Group, a boutique investment banking firm providing capital raising, M A and other corporate finance advisory services
to firms globally. Provident Group was acquired by INTL in 2010. Prior to forming Provident in 1999, Mr. Carlson was a Managing Director
at Lehman Brothers holding various senior positions at the firm. Mr. Carlson began his career at Fannie Mae. Mr. Carlson graduated
with a BA in Economics from the University of Maryland and a Master s Degree in Public Policy from the Kennedy School of Government
at Harvard University. We believe Mr. Carlson is well qualified to serve as a director due to his 30 years of experience in
the financial services industry in various leadership positions, as well as his investment banking and entrepreneurial experience, having
founded and managed several businesses. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee, each of
which is composed solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors
and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available to view at our website, www.qftacorp.com,
under the Investor Relations section. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit
committee are Messrs. Carlson, Hammond and Patel. Mr. Carlson serves as chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Carlson qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

36 

We have adopted an Audit Committee
Charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving all related party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation
committee are Messrs. Carlson, Korhammer and Patel. Mr. Patel serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a Compensation
Committee Charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and, either as a committee or together with the other independent directors (as directed by the board), determining and approving the compensation level (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

37 

The charter provides that
the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other
adviser, and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before
engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will
consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating
and corporate governance committee are Messrs. Hammond, Korhammer and Patel. Mr. Hammond serves as chair of the nominating and corporate
governance committee. 

We have adopted a Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance
committee, including: 

assisting in identifying, recruiting and, if appropriate, interviewing candidates to fill positions on the board, including persons suggested by stockholders or others; 

reviewing the background and qualifications of individuals being considered as director candidates, taking into consideration the guidelines described below; 

recommending to the board the director nominees for election by the stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board, as the case may be; 

developing and making recommendations to the board regarding the criteria and qualifications for membership on the board; 

reviewing annually with the board the composition of the board as a whole and recommending, if necessary, measures to be taken so that the board reflects the appropriate balance of knowledge, experience, skills, expertise and diversity required for the board as a whole; 

reviewing the independence of each director and committee member in light of the independence criteria of the NYSE and any other applicable independence standards, and making recommendations to the board with respect to each director s independence; 

developing and recommending to the board a set of corporate governance guidelines for the company, which shall be consistent with any applicable laws, regulations and listing standards; and 

overseeing an annual evaluation of the board, its committees and management, and evaluating and reporting to the board on the performance and effectiveness of the board and its committees. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting
nominees, which are specified in the nominating and corporate governance committee charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. 

The nominating and corporate
governance committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating and corporate governance
committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise
from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members.
The nominating and corporate governance committee will not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

38 

Code of Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines
and Committee Charters 

We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with
applicable federal securities laws. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics, our Audit Committee Charter, our Compensation Committee
Charter and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter as exhibits to our registration statement for our initial public
offering. You may also review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. We intend to
disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Our board of directors has
also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as a flexible
framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. Copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Ethics,
our Audit Committee Charter, our Compensation Committee Charter and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter are available
on our corporate website at www.qftacorp.com, under the Investor Relations section. The information contained on or accessible
through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into this report. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

No executive officer has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on February 4, 2021 through the completion of our initial business combination
with a target business, we pay to Quantum Ventures a fee of 10,000 per month for providing us with office space and certain office
and secretarial services. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination
by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our
initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination. No compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees
and other similar fees, will be paid to our insiders or any of the members of our management team, for services rendered prior to or in
connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such
individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such
as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations
as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations.
There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed
the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such
expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished
to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider
our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form
8-K, as required by the SEC. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our shares of common stock as of March 25, 2022 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect
to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

39 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Quantum Ventures LLC (2) 
 3,796,335 
 36.2 
 
 Chardan Quantum LLC (3) 
 949,084 
 9.0 
 
 John Schaible (4) 
 40,833 

Miguel Leon 
 40,833 

Sandip I. Patel (4) 
 40,833 

Thomas J. Hammond 
 40,833 

Richard Korhammer 
 40,833 

Steven J. Carlson 
 40,833 

All executive officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 
 4,082,166 
 47.6 
 
 MMCAP International Inc. SPC (5) 
 2,500,000 
 23.8 
 
 Cable Car Capital (6) 
 2,351,800 
 22.4 
 
 Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (7) 
 1,584,024 
 15.1 
 
 Jane Street Group, LLC (8) 
 1,578,957.5 
 15.1 
 
 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (9) 
 1,472,274 
 14.0 
 
 Dark Forest Capital Management LP (10) 
 1,348,563 
 12.9 
 
 Periscope Capital (11) 
 1,269,477 
 12.1 

Less than 1 . 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation,
4221 W. Boy Scout Blvd., Suite 300, Tampa FL, 33607. 

(2) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022, the shares reported above are held in the name of Quantum Ventures.
Messrs. Schaible, Caamano and Patel are the three managers of Quantum Ventures. Any action by Quantum Ventures with respect to the founder
shares held by it, including voting and dispositive decisions, requires a majority vote of the board of managers. Accordingly, under the
so-called rule of three, because voting and dispositive decisions are made by a majority of Quantum Ventures managers,
none of the managers of Quantum Ventures is deemed to be a beneficial owner of Quantum Ventures securities, even those in which
such manager holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of such individuals is deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the
founder shares held by Quantum Ventures. 

(3) The business address of Chardan Quantum LLC is 17 State Street, New York, NY 10004. 

(4) Although Messrs. Schaible, Caamano and Patel disclaim beneficial ownership of the founder shares held by Quantum Ventures, for presentation
purposes, such shares are included in the totals set forth in this table. 

40 

(5) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023
by MMCAP International Inc. SPC MMCAP International and MM Asset Management Inc. MM Asset Management ).
MMCAP International and MM Asset Management share voting and dispositive power with respect to all of the reported shares. The address
for MMCAP International is c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 1348, Grand Cayman,
KY1-1108, Cayman Islands and the address for MM Asset Management is 161 Bay Street, TD Canada Trust Tower Ste 2240, Toronto, ON M5J 2S1
Canada. 

(6) According to a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023
by Funicular Funds, LP, Funicular Funds, LP, Cable Car Capital LLC and Jacob Ma-Weaver share voting and dispositive power with respect
to all of the reported shares and may be deemed to beneficially own these securities. The address for the entities is 2261 Market Street
#4307, San Francisco, CA 94114. 

(7) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023
by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP, Hudson Bay Capital Management serves as the investment manager to HB Strategies LLC and Hudson Bay
SPAC Master Fund LP, in whose name the securities reported herein are held. As such, the Investment Manager may be deemed to be the beneficial
owner of all shares of common stock held by HB Strategies LLC and Hudson Bay SPAC Master Fund LP. Sander Gerber serves as the managing
member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC, which is the general partner of Hudson Bay Capital Management LP. Mr. Gerber disclaims beneficial
ownership of these securities. share voting and dispositive power with respect to all of the reported shares and may be deemed to beneficially
own these securities. The address for the reporting persons is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 

(8) According
to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Jane Street Group, LLC and Jane Street Capital, LLC. Jane Street Group and
Jane Street Capital, LLC share voting power with respect to all of the reported shares and may be deemed to beneficially own these securities.
The address for the Jane Street Group is 250 Vesey Street, 6 th Floor, New York, NY 10281. 

(9) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022 by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. GS Group and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs ). GS Group and Goldman Sachs share voting and dispositive power with respect all of the reported shares. Goldman Sachs, a subsidiary of GS Group and a broker/dealer and investment adviser, may be deemed to beneficially own these securities. The address for GS Group and Goldman Sachs is 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282. 

(10) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 by Dark Forest Capital Management LP, (the Firm ), and Dark Forest Global Equity Master Fund LP Dark Forest Master ). The Firm and Dark Forest Master share voting and dispositive power with respect to all of the securities. The Firm, as the investment manager to Dark Forest Master, may be deemed to beneficially own these securities. Jacob Kline is the managing member of the general partner of the Firm and exercises investment discretion with respect to these securities. The address for the Firm and Dark Forest Master is 151 West Avenue, Darien, Connecticut 06820. 

(11) According
to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 12, 2023 by Periscope Capital Inc. Periscope, which is the beneficial owner of 992,377
shares of common stock, acts as investment manager of, and exercises investment discretion with respect to, certain private investment
funds that collectively directly own 277,100 shares of Common Stock. The address for Periscope Capital Inc. is 333 Bay Street, Suite
1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2. 

41 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

On October 23, 2020, Quantum
Ventures purchased 4,312,500 founder shares from us for 25,000, or 0.006 per share. In January 2021, Quantum Ventures sold 813,500 founder
shares to Chardan Quantum and 35,000 founder shares to each of our directors, in each case at the original price per share, resulting
in Quantum Ventures holding a balance of 3,254,000 founder shares. We refer to these shares held by our co-sponsors, officers and directors
as founder shares . On February 4, 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 718,750 shares with respect to our common stock,
resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 5,031,250 founder shares. 

On February 9, 2021, Quantum
Ventures purchased from us 4,450,000 private warrants and Chardan Quantum purchased from us 1,112,500 private warrants, in each case,
at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,562,500 in a private placement that closed simultaneously with
the closing of our initial public offering. Each private warrant is exercisable for one (1) share of common stock at an exercise price
of 11.50 per share. 

On February 12, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised
their over-allotment option, resulting in Quantum Ventures purchasing an additional 472,500 private warrants from us and Chardan Quantum
purchasing an additional 118,125 private warrants from us, in each case, at a price of 1.00 per warrant for an aggregate additional purchase
price of 590,625. If we do not complete our initial business combination by August 9, 2022 (or August 9, 2023, as extended), the proceeds
from the sale of the private warrants will be included in the liquidating distribution to the holders of our public shares. The private
warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the public units in this offering except that (i) each private warrant is exercisable
for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and (ii) the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be
exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

Commencing on February 4, 2021 through the completion of our initial
business combination with a target business, we pay to Quantum Ventures a fee of 10,000 per month for providing us with office space
and certain office and secretarial services. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee
upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses
in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later
than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In order to meet our working
capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our initial stockholders, officers and directors and their respective affiliates
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole
discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business
combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation
of our business combination into additional private warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a conversion price of 1.00 per private
warrant. Such private warrants will be identical to the private warrants to be issued at the closing of this offering, except that (i)
each private warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and (ii) the private warrants
will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the private warrants and underlying securities upon conversion
of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination.
If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would not be repaid. 

In October 2021, Quantum Ventures
committed to provide us up to 2,000,000 in Working Capital Loans. In February 2022, Quantum Ventures committed to provide us up to an
additional 1,000,000 for a total of 3,000,000 in Working Capital Loans. Refer to Note 5 of our financial statements. 

On March 14, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note, effective
as of January 3, 2022, in the amount of up to 480,000 to Quantum Ventures as evidence of the working capital loans. The note bears no
interest and is payable in full upon the earlier (i) February 9, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of the consummation of our initial business
combination. Refer to Note 11 of our financial statements. The note is required to be repaid in cash at the Closing and is not convertible
into private warrants. We may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from Quantum Ventures or its stockholders,
officers, directors, or third parties, however, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company needs approval from TradeStation to borrow
amounts over 500,000. As of the date of this filing, a principal balance of 319,166 has been advanced to the Company. 

The holders of our founder
shares, as well as the holders of the private warrants (and all underlying securities), are entitled to registration and stockholder rights
pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights agreement. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to
two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founder shares can elect to exercise these registration
rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. In
addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our consummation of a business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Chardan Quantum may not exercise its demand and piggyback 
registration rights after February 4, 2026 and February 4, 2028, respectively, and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one
occasion. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

42 

On October 1, 2020, we issued
an unsecured promissory note to Quantum Ventures, pursuant to which we were entitled to borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of
 200,000. The promissory note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) January 31, 2021 and (ii) the completion of the
initial public offering. As of December 31, 2020, there was 130,100 in borrowings outstanding under the promissory note. The outstanding
balance under the promissory note was repaid at the closing of the initial public offering on February 9, 2021. 	 

We will reimburse our officers
and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf
such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket
expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust
account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we
consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial
stockholder or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members
of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review
and approval. 

No compensation or fees of
any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of our initial stockholders,
officers or directors who owned our shares of common stock prior to our initial public offering, or to any of their respective affiliates,
prior to or with respect to the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

We entered into indemnity
agreements with each of our officers and directors. These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted
under Delaware law and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and our amended and restated articles of incorporation. 

All ongoing and future transactions
between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable
to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any compensation, will require prior
approval by a majority of our disinterested independent directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction,
in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction
unless our disinterested independent directors (or, if there are no independent directors, our disinterested directors) determine that
the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction
from unaffiliated third parties. 

We paid to Chardan an underwriting
discount of 0.225 per unit purchased by it in our initial public offering. We also engaged Chardan as an advisor in connection with our
business combination, pursuant to the Business Combination Marketing Agreement described under Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We will pay Chardan a marketing fee for such services upon the consummation
of our initial business combination in an amount equal to, 7,043,750, or 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the initial public offering, including
the proceeds from the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. As a result, Chardan will not be entitled to such
fee unless we consummate our initial business combination. 

Related Party Policy 

We have not yet adopted a
formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were
not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

Our Code of Ethics requires
us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except
under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related party transactions are defined as transactions in
which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year (or, in the case of a smaller
reporting company, the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the smaller reporting company s
total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years), (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a)
executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our common stock, or (c) immediate
family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than
solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise
when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts
of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

43 

Our audit committee, pursuant
to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions.
All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest
in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into
any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of
such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated
third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers 
questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize potential
conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial
stockholders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our public
stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or initial stockholders,
or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any
services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. 

Director Independence 

NYSE listing standards require
that within one year of the listing of our securities on the NYSE we have at least three independent directors and that a majority of
our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or
employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Carlson, Hammond, Korhammer and Patel are independent directors 
as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at
which only independent directors are present. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES 

Marcum LLP, or Marcum, acts as our independent
registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, review of our quarterly financial statements
and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for
the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 267,733 and 123,018,
respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning
financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax
planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for
other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed in connection with
the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all
audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee
prior to the completion of the audit). 

44 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this report or incorporated herein by reference: 

(1) 
 Our Financial Statements (Restated) are listed on page F-1 of this Annual Report 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedule 

None. 

45 

(3) 
 Exhibits: 

The following documents
are included as exhibits to this Annual Report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 (1) 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 4, 2021, by and among the Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation, TradeStation Group, Inc.,
 and TSG Merger Sub, Inc. 
 
 2.2 (2) 
 
 First
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 17, 2021, by and among Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation, TradeStation
 Group, Inc., and TSG Merger Sub, Inc. 
 
 2.3 (3) 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated November 16, 2022, by and among Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation, Calculator New Pubco, Inc., Calculator Merger Sub 1, Inc., Calculator Merger Sub 2, Inc. Atlas Clear, Inc., Atlas Fintech Holdings Corp., and Robert McBey. 
 
 2.4 (4) 
 
 Business
 Combination Marketing Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Registrant and Chardan Capital Markets LLC. 
 
 3.1 (4) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 3.2 (5) 
 
 Amendment
 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation dated February 6, 2023. 
 
 3.3 (6) 
 
 Bylaws. 
 
 4.1 (6) 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 
 
 4.2 (6) 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 4.3 (6) 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 
 
 4.4 (4) 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description
 of Securities. 
 
 10.1 (6) 
 
 Promissory Note, dated October 1, 2020, issued to Quantum Ventures LLC. 
 
 10.2 (6) 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated October 23, 2020, between the Registrant and Quantum Ventures LLC. 
 
 10.3 (4) 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, among the Registrant, Quantum Ventures LLC and Chardan Quantum LLC. 
 
 10.4 (4) 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, among the Registrant and each of the executive officers and directors of the Registrant. 
 
 10.5 (4) 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 10.6 (5) 
 
 Amendment
 to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2021, between Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation and Continental
 Stock Transfer Trust Company dated February 6, 2023. 
 
 10.7 (4) 
 
 Registration
 and Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, Quantum
 Ventures LLC, Chardan Quantum LLC and each of the executive officers and directors of the Registrant. 
 
 10.8 (4) 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Registrant and Quantum Ventures LLC. 
 
 10.9 (4) 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Registrant and Chardan Quantum LLC. 
 
 10.10 (4) 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Registrant and Quantum Ventures LLC. 
 
 10.11 (4) 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement. 

46 

10.12 (3) 
 
 Purchaser Support Agreement, dated November 16, 2022, by and among Quantum Ventures LLC, Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation, AtlasClear, Inc. and certain directors and officers of Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation party thereto. 
 
 10.12 (3) 
 
 Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, dated November 16, 2022, by and among Calculator New Pubco, Inc. and the stockholders of AtlasClear and Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation party thereto. 
 
 10.13 (3) 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 16, 2022, by and among AtlasClear, Inc. and Commercial Bancorp and, with respect to Section 6.16 only, Calculator New Pubco, Inc. 
 
 10.14 (7) 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated January 3, 2022, issued to Quantum Ventures LLC. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C.
 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 iXBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Calculation
 Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 iXBRL Taxonomy Label Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 iXBRL Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 iXBRL Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Certain of the
 exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K
 Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits
 and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) Incorporated by
 reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40009),
 filed with the SEC on November 10, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated by
 reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40009),
 filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40009), filed with the SEC
 on November 11, 2022. 

(4) Incorporated by
 reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40009),
 filed with the SEC on February 10, 2021. 

(5) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40009), filed with the SEC
 on February 7, 2023. 

(6) Incorporated by
 reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Form S-1 (File No. 333-252226),
 filed with the SEC on January 19, 2021, as amended. 

(7) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to an exhibit to the Registrant s Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-40009), filed with the SEC on April 11,
 2022. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

47 

QUANTUM FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corp 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations. In addition, the mandatory liquidation date is August 9, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit s .
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit s in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit s to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since October 23, 2020. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

QUANTUM FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

PIPE derivative liability 

Advance from related parties 

Promissory note related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption; shares at redemption value of and , respectively, per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 20,125,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

QUANTUM FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of PIPE derivative liability 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Other income (expense), net 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, non-redeemable common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

QUANTUM FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Accretion of Common Stock subject to Redemption 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Cash paid in excess of fair value for Private Warrants 

Fair value of PIPE derivative liability at issuance 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion of Common Stock subject to Redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

QUANTUM FINTECH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of PIPE derivative liability 

Transaction costs incurred in connection with warrant liability 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Advances from related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Initial classification of PIPE derivative liability 

Initial classification of warrant liability 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public
Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

warrants (each, a Private Warrant and, collectively, the
 Private Warrants at a price of per Private Warrant in a private placement to Quantum Ventures LLC Quantum
Ventures ), who purchased Private Warrants and Chardan Quantum LLC Chardan Quantum and together with Quantum
Ventures, the Co-Sponsors who purchased Private Warrants, generating gross proceeds of , which is described
in Note 4. 

F- 7 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), invested in U.S. government
treasury bills, notes or bonds having a maturity of days or less and/or (ii) in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the
Company s stockholders, as described below. 

Units issued for an aggregate amount of . In connection with
the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company also consummated the sale of an additional Private
Warrants at per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of . A total of was deposited into the Trust Account,
bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to . 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, and of other offering costs. Offering costs amounting to were charged to stockholders 
equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, and of the offering costs were related to the warrant liability and
charged to the operating and formation costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined
below) (excluding the taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business
Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business
Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder
vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder
approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
the Co-Sponsors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (a)
in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business
Combination or sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed
Business Combination. 

F- 8 

by the number of public shares then outstanding, up to a maximum
of for each such one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred,
in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination. In connection with
the Special Meeting, the holders of shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares
for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million,
leaving approximately million in the trust account. 

, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to
the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if
the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

). 

F- 9 

per Public Share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed
a valid and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any
monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the insiders will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company has sought and will continue to seek to reduce the possibility
that the insiders will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating bank account of which is required to be used to pay taxes, as described below), in marketable
securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem stock in connection therewith and
a working capital deficit of . As of December 31, 2022, of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented
income on marketable securities, which is available to the Company to pay franchise and income taxes. During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company withdrew from the Trust Account that will be used to pay franchise and income taxes. 

in loans in connection with the Working Capital Loans as described in Note 5. The Company
may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from Quantum Ventures or its stockholders, officers, directors, or
third parties. The Company s officers and directors and Quantum Ventures may, but are not obligated to (except as described above),
loan the Company funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s
working capital needs. The Company has drawn on the promissory note, evidencing the Working Capital Loans, as of December 31,
2022 (see Note 5). In February 2022, Quantum Ventures committed to provide the Company an additional for a total of 
in loans in connection with the Working Capital Loans as described in Note 5. 

to the Company. 

to Quantum
Ventures to evidence the Working Capital Loans. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional
measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available
to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. The date for mandatory liquidation and the liquidity condition raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date that the financial statements are
issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after
August 9, 2023. 

F- 10 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 11 

F- 12 

were charged to stockholders 
equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, and of the offering costs were related to the warrant liability and
charged to the operating and formation costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

, which
represents cumulative earnings and withdrawals on the Trust Account through December 31, 2022, net of reimbursable income and franchise
tax obligations as of December 31, 2022. The dissolution expense of is not included in the redemption value of the common stock
subject to redemption since it is only taken into account in the event of the Company s liquidation. Immediately upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in
the carrying value of redeemable common stock resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital, to the extent available, and accumulated
deficit. 

F- 13 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

shares of common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities
or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stocks and then share in the earnings of the Company.
As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per common stock for the periods
presented. 

F- 14 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is
not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 15 

Units, inclusive of Units sold to the underwriters on February 12, 2021 upon the underwriters election
to fully exercise their over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit. 

Private Warrants and Chardan Quantum purchased Private Warrants, in each
case, at a price of per Private Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. On February 12,
2021, in connection with the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, the Company sold an additional
 Private Warrants to the Co-Sponsors, at a price of per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds of . The proceeds from the Private Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Warrants
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate price of . In January
2021, Quantum Ventures sold Founder Shares to Chardan Quantum and Founder Shares to each of the Company s directors
and director nominees, in each case at the original price per share, resulting in Quantum Ventures holding a balance of Founder
Shares. On February 4, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares with respect to its common stock, resulting in the
initial stockholders holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares
that were subject to forfeiture. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on February
12, 2021, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 

F- 16 

shares granted to the Company s directors and director nominees was or per share. The Founders
Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related
to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature
in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore,
no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination
is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the
grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Upon completion of the
Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company incurred , in fees for these services. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid
 in fees for these services, which are included in the operating and formation costs in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets is and , respectively, for these services. 

. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) January 31, 2021 and (ii) the completion
of the Initial Public Offering. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no balance under this Promissory Note. The outstanding amount
of was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 9, 2021. 

Such warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close,
the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the
Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 

in loans in connection with the Working Capital Loans. In February 2022, Quantum Ventures
committed to provide the Company an additional for a total of in loans in connection with the Working Capital Loans. 

to Quantum Ventures to evidence the Working Capital
Loans. The note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier (i) February 9, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of the consummation
of our initial business combination. The note is required to be repaid in cash at the Closing and is not convertible into private warrants.
As of December 31, 2022, a principal balance of has been advanced. 

and , respectively to the Company. Through the date of this filing, the co-Sponsors have advanced an additional for an aggregate
of advanced to the Company. 

F- 17 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On February 12, 2021, the underwriter s elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase
an additional Public Units at a price of per Public Unit. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public offering or . 

F- 18 

million, less the purchase prices for WDCO
and CB, divided by (ii) . 

shares of New Pubco common stock (the Earn Out Shares ). The Earn Out Shares will be issued to AtlasClear
stockholders upon certain milestones (based on the achievement of certain price targets of New Pubco common stock following the Closing).
In the event such milestones are not met within the first 18 months following the Closing, the Earn Out Shares will be cancelled. Atlas
FinTech will also receive up to million of New Pubco common stock Software Products Earn Out Shares ), which will be
issued to Atlas FinTech upon certain milestones based on the achievement of certain revenue targets of software products contributed to
AtlasClear by Atlas FinTech and Atlas Financial Technologies Corp. following the Closing. The revenue targets will be measured yearly
for the five years following Closing, with no catch-up between the years. 

of Company Common Stock
and up to of the Private Warrants held indirectly by it to potential sources of debt, equity or financing if the Company pursues
financing between signing and the Closing. Any of such Company Common Stock or Private Warrants remaining following any transfers for
potential financing will be forfeited for no consideration. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, including
 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary equity. 

F- 19 

Public Warrants outstanding that are classified and accounted for as equity instruments. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on
the later of (a) the completion of a Business Combination or (b) one year from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. No Public Warrants
will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within
 days from the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. The Public Warrants will expire after
the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 20 

Private Warrants to purchase an equal number of common shares that are outstanding that are classified and accounted for as derivative
liabilities. Under this accounting treatment, the Company is required to measure the fair value of the Private Warrants at the end of
each reporting period as well as re-evaluate the treatment of the Private Warrants and recognize changes in the fair value from the prior
period in the Company s operating results for the current period. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying
the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that (i) each private warrant is exercisable for share of common stock at an
exercise price of per share, the Private Warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants
will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions.
Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and will be non-redeemable
so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than
the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such
holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 
 -

Business combination expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Start up costs 

Total deferred tax assets (liability) 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax assets (liability), net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

-

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 
 -
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income.
The federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had did not have any
state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

F- 21 

. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

Business combination expenses 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of PIPE derivative liability 

Transaction costs - warrants 

Penalties Interest 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 22 

and , respectively, in money market funds which are primarily invested in
U.S. Treasury securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew an amount of in income from the Trust
Account that will be used to pay franchise and income taxes. 

Liabilities: 

PIPE derivative liability Additional Shares 
 3 

Warrant liability Private Warrants 
 3 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 

Probability of a business combination 
 
 N/A

Exercise price 

Effective expiration date 

as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 23 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 

Term (in years) 

Exercising of underwriters over-allotment on February 12, 2021 

Initial measurement on November 4, 2021 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

for an aggregate of advanced to the Company. 

by the number of public shares then outstanding, up to a maximum
of for each such one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred,
in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination. In connection with
the Special Meeting, the holders of shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares
for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million,
leaving approximately million in the trust account. 

F- 24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Schaible 

John Schaible 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Miguel Leon 

Miguel Leon 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities indicated on March 31, 2023. 

Signatures 
 
 Capacity
 in Which Signed 

/s/ John Schaible 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 John Schaible 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Miguel
 Leon 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Miguel Leon 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

/s/ Sandip
 I. Patel 
 
 Director 
 
 Sandip I. Patel 

/s/ Thomas
 J. Hammond 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas J. Hammond 

/s/ Richard
 Korhammer 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard Korhammer 

/s/ Steven
 J. Carlson 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven J. Carlson 

48 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_quantumfin.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

EXHIBIT 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES

The following description
of the securities of Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation is a summary and does not purport to be complete. This summary is subject
to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws,
each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of which this Exhibit
4.5 is a part. We encourage you to read our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the General Corporation
law of the State of Delaware for additional information. 

In this document, unless
the context otherwise requires, references to: 

certificate of incorporation 
refers to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation; 

we, us our or our Company refers to Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation; 

initial stockholders refers to all of our stockholders immediately prior to the closing of the initial public offering, including the co-sponsors, officers and directors, to the extent they hold such shares; 

founder shares or insider shares refers to the 5,031,250 shares of common stock held by our initial stockholders prior to the closing of the initial public offering; 

private warrants refers to the warrants issued to our co-sponsors in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering; 

co-sponsors refers to Quantum Ventures and Chardan Quantum; 

Chardan or Chardan Capital Markets LLC refers to Chardan Capital Markets LLC, the representative of the underwriters; 

Chardan Quantum refers to Chardan Quantum LLC, an affiliate of Chardan; 

Quantum Ventures refers to Quantum Ventures LLC, an affiliate of certain of our officers and directors; 

public stockholders means the holders of shares of common stock which were sold as part of the units in the initial public offering, or public shares. 

General 

Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, our
authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value 0.0001. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one share of common stock
and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at a price of 11.50
per whole share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of one year after the closing of our initial
public offering or the consummation of an initial business combination, and will expire five years after the completion of an initial
business combination, or earlier upon redemption. 

Our units began trading on
February 5, 2021 on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol QFTA.U. Commencing on March 10,
2021, the shares of common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on the NYSE under the symbols QFTA 
and QFTA WS, respectively. Those units not separated continue to trade on the NYSE under the symbol QFTA.U. 
On October 31, 2022, the warrants ceased trading on the NYSE and now trade on the OTC under the symbol QFTAW. 

Common Stock 

Our holders of record of our common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial
business combination, our insiders, officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective shares of common stock owned by them
immediately prior to our initial public offering, including both the insider shares and any shares acquired in our initial public offering
or following our initial public offering in the open market, in favor of the proposed business combination. 

We will consummate our initial business combination
only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

Pursuant to our certificate
of incorporation, if we do not consummate our initial business combination by February 9, 2023 (subject to extensions up to August 9,
2023, as applicable), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our insiders have agreed to waive their rights to share
in any distribution with respect to their insider shares. 

Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive
or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock, except that
public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in any tender offer or have their shares of common stock converted to cash
equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination and the business combination is completed. 

If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance
or timing within which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such
vote. In either of such events, converting stockholders would be paid their pro rata portion of the trust account promptly following consummation
of the business combination or the approval of the amendment to the certificate of incorporation. If the business combination is not consummated
or the amendment is not approved, stockholders will not be paid such amounts. 

Preferred Stock 

There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding.
No shares of preferred stock were issued or registered in our initial public offering. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered,
without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely
affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock. However, the underwriting agreement dated February 4, 2021 prohibits
us, prior to a business combination, from issuing preferred stock which participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account,
or which votes as a class with the common stock on our initial business combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred stock to
effect our initial business combination. In addition, the preferred stock could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing
a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we reserve the right to do so in
the future. 

2 

Warrants 

Each public warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as described below,
at any time commencing on the later of February 9, 2022 or the consummation of an initial business combination. However, no public warrants
will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 120 days from the
closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and
during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant
to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of our initial
business combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time. 

The private warrants are identical to the public
warrants underlying the units sold in the initial public offering, except that (i) each private warrant is exercisable for one share of
common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and (ii) such private warrants will be exercisable for cash (even if a registration
statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective) or on a cashless basis, at the
holder s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by the initial purchasers or their
affiliates. 

We may call the outstanding warrants for redemption
(excluding the private warrants but including any warrants already issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option), in whole and not
in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at any time while the warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption
to each warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares
of common stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period ending on the third business
day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in
effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading
period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the
warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a
warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have been
established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient
differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result
of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The fair market
value shall mean the average reported last sale price of our common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require
all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our
common shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

The warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order to make
any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

3 

The exercise price and number of shares of common
stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary
dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock
or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a
newly issued price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good
faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking
into account any founder shares or private warrants held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial
business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value
is below 9.50 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher
of the Market Value and the newly issued price and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described below under will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or
official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After
the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Except as described above, no public warrants will
be exercisable for cash, and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such
warrant, a prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the shares of common
stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the
warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a
current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants.
However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants, and we will not be required to
settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants
is not current or if the common stock is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants
reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for
the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in
the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that
after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual
knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 or 9.99 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of common stock outstanding. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon
exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Contractual Arrangements with respect to the Certain Warrants 

We have agreed that so long as the private warrants
are still held by the initial purchasers or their affiliates, we will not redeem such warrants, and we will allow the holders to exercise
such warrants on a cashless basis (even if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such
warrants is not effective). However, once any of the foregoing warrants are transferred from the initial purchasers or their affiliates,
these arrangements will no longer apply. Furthermore, because the private warrants were issued in a private transaction, the holders and
their transferees will be allowed to exercise the private warrants for cash even if a registration statement covering the shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered shares of common stock. 

4 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares
of common stock to date, and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the
discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use
in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our shares of common stock
and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State Street, 30 th Floor, New
York, New York 10004. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We have opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporate Law, or the DGCL. However, our certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage
in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the
time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the
business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction
commenced, excluding certain shares; or 

at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved
by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned
by the interested stockholder. 

Generally, a business combination 
includes a merger, asset or stock sale or certain other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject
to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates,
owns, or within the previous three years owned, 20 or more of our voting stock. 

Under certain circumstances, this provision will
make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with
a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring our company to negotiate in
advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board of directors approves either
the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also
may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders
may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that the
co-sponsors and their respective affiliates, any of their respective direct or indirect transferees of at least 20 of our outstanding
common stock and any group as to which such persons are party to, do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes
of this provision. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our chief executive officer or by our chairman. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director
nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to
bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be delivered
to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day nor earlier than the opening of
business on the 120 th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify certain
requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing
matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

5 

Authorized but unissued shares 

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred
stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval, and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including
future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved
common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that,
unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company,
(2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our company
or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or
any director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws,
or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except
for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) arising under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act as to which the Court
of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the inclusion of such provision in our certificate of incorporation will not be deemed to be a waiver by our stockholders
of our obligation to comply with federal securities laws, rules and regulations, and the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to
suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of
the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased
consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. Furthermore, the enforceability of choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates
of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be
inapplicable or unenforceable. 

SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 

Immediately after our initial public offering, we
had 25,156,250 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 20,125,000 shares of common stock sold in the initial
public offering are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased
by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining shares are restricted securities
under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. All of those shares will not be transferable
except in limited circumstances. 

Rule 144 

A person who has beneficially owned restricted shares
of common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed
to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to
the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted
shares of common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding,
a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period
a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 of the number of shares of common stock then issued and outstanding,
which was 251,562 after our initial public offering; and 

6 

The average weekly trading volume of the shares of common stock
during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner
of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position
that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies,
like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale
of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any
time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions
are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports
and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required
to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule
144, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their insider shares freely without registration one year after we have completed our
initial business combination assuming they are not an affiliate of ours at that time. 

Registration and Stockholder Rights 

The holders of our insider shares, as well as the
holders of the private warrants (and underlying securities), are entitled to registration and stockholder rights pursuant to an agreement
dated February 4, 2021. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities.
The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months
prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private warrants
(and underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In
addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our consummation of a business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Chardan Quantum may not exercise its demand and piggyback 
registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after February 4, 2021, and may not exercise its demand rights on more than
one occasion. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

7 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_quantumfin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
John Schaible, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Quantum FinTech Acquisition
 Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 John Schaible 

John Schaible 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_quantumfin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Miguel Leon, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Quantum FinTech Acquisition
 Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Miguel Leon 

Miguel Leon 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_quantumfin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Quantum FinTech Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
we, John Schaible, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Miguel Leon, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the
 Report. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 John Schaible 

John Schaible 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Miguel Leon 

Miguel Leon 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 qfta-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 qfta-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 qfta-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 qfta-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 qfta-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

