<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1448597_0001213900-23-020383.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6530726</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>264247</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1349833</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1791310</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1536458</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1390799</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-020383.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315193234
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-020383
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUGUSTA GOLD CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001448597
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				412252162
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54653
		FILM NUMBER:		23736707

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 555 - 999 CANADA PLACE
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3E1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-687-1717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 555 - 999 CANADA PLACE
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3E1

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bullfrog Gold Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110802

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kopr Resources Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081023

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-020383.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_augusta.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction Of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S.
Employer 
Identification Number) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common stock was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was
 . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
shares of common stock par value 0.0001, were outstanding on March 15, 2023. 

Auditor Firm ID: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE TO INVESTORS REGARDING MINERAL ESTIMATES 
 ii 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 
 
 GLOSSARY OF SELECTED MINING TERMS 
 v 
 
 USE OF NAMES 
 vii 
 
 CURRENCY 
 vii 
 
 METRIC CONVERSION TABLE 
 vii 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 6 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 16 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 31 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 31 
 
 PART II 
 32 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 32 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 33 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 33 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 36 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 36 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 36 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 36 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 37 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 37 
 
 PART III 
 38 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 38 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 42 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 45 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 48 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 49 
 
 PART IV 
 50 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 
 50 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 50 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 51 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE TO INVESTORS REGARDING ESTIMATES OF MEASURED, 
INDICATED AND INFERRED RESOURCES AND PROVEN AND PROBABLE MINERAL RESERVES 

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and applicable Canadian securities laws, and as a result we report our mineral reserves and mineral resources according to two different
standards. U.S. reporting requirements are governed by subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act S-K 1300 ).
Canadian reporting requirements for disclosure of mineral properties are governed by NI 43-101. Both sets of reporting standards have
similar goals in terms of conveying an appropriate level of confidence in the disclosures being reported, but the standards embody slightly
different approaches and definitions. 

In
our public filings in the U.S. and Canada and in certain other announcements not filed with the SEC, we disclose proven and probable
reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources, each as defined in S-K 1300 and NI 43-101. As currently reported, there are
no material differences in our disclosed measured, indicated and inferred resource under each of S-K 1300 and NI 43-101. The estimation
of measured resources and indicated resources involve greater uncertainty as to their existence and economic feasibility than the estimation
of proven and probable reserves, and therefore investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of measured or indicated resources
will ever be converted into S-K 1300-compliant or NI 43-101-compliant reserves. The estimation of inferred resources involves far greater
uncertainty as to their existence and economic viability than the estimation of other categories of resources, and therefore it cannot
be assumed that all or any part of inferred resources will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Therefore, investors are cautioned
not to assume that all or any part of inferred resources exist, or that they can be mined legally or economically. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the exhibits attached hereto contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, and forward-looking information within the
meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation, collectively forward-looking statements . Such forward-looking statements
concern our anticipated results and developments in the operations of the Company in future periods, planned exploration activities,
the adequacy of the Company s financial resources and other events or conditions that may occur in the future. Forward-looking
statements are frequently, but not always, identified by words such as expects, anticipates, believes, 
 intends, estimates, potential, possible and similar expressions, or statements
that events, conditions or results will, may, could or should (or the negative
and grammatical variations of any of these terms) occur or be achieved. These forward looking statements may include, but are not limited
to, statements concerning: 

the
Company s strategies and objectives, both generally and in respect of the Bullfrog Gold Project and Reward Gold Project; 

the
 recommendations of the Technical Reports for the Bullfrog Gold Project and Reward Gold Project; 

the
 Company s decisions regarding the timing and costs of exploration programs with respect
 to, and the issuance of the necessary permits and authorizations required for, the Company s
 exploration programs at the Bullfrog Gold Project and Reward Gold Project; 

the
 Company s estimates of the quality and quantity of the mineralized materials at its
 mineral properties; 

the
 potential discovery and delineation of mineral deposits/reserves and any expansion thereof
 beyond the current estimate; 

the
 Company s expectation that it will become a gold producer; 

the
 Company s estimates of future operating and financial performance; 

the
 Company s potential funding requirements and sources of capital, including near-term
 sources of additional cash and long-term financing through the sale of equity and/or debt
 financings and through the exercise of stock options and warrants; 

the
 Company s expectation that the Company will continue to raise capital; 

the
 Company s expectation that the Company will continue to incur losses and will not pay
 dividends for the foreseeable future; 

the
 Company s estimates of its future cash position; 

the
 Company s anticipated general business and economic conditions; 

the
 Company s ability to meet its financial obligations as they come due, and to be able
 to raise the necessary funds to continue operations; and 

that
 the Company will operate at a loss for the foreseeable future. 

Such
forward-looking statements reflect the Company s current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Many factors could cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including,
among others, risks related to: 

our
 history of losses; 

negative
 cash flow; 

our
 limited operating history; 

increased
 costs affecting our financial condition; 

the
 Bullfrog Gold Project and Reward Gold Project being in the exploration stage; 

whether
 the Bullfrog Gold Project and Reward Gold Project are feasible; 

the
 Bullfrog Gold Project and Reward Gold Project requiring substantial capital investment; 

our
 inability to obtain required permits; 

our
 status as a junior mining company; 

difficulties
 in managing growth; 

our
 potential loss of key persons; 

risks
 related to the evolving novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and health crisis
 and the governmental and regulatory actions taken in response thereto; 

the
 risks of mineral exploration; 

iii 

evaluation
 uncertainty in estimating mineralized material; 

changes
 in estimates of mineralized material; 

our
 exploration projects not succeeding; 

price
 volatility of gold and silver; 

environmental
 regulations; 

challenges
 to title to our properties; 

amendments
 to mining law; 

supply
 shortages; 

inability
 to maintain infrastructure to conduct exploration activities; 

new
 regulation related to climate change; 

relationships
 with communities in which we operate; 

newly
 adopted mining disclosure regulations; 

evolving
 corporate standards; 

Canadian
 reporting requirements; and 

The
 price of the shares of common stock being volatile. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially
from those described herein. This list of factors that may affect any of the Company s forward-looking statements is not exhaustive.
Forward-looking statements are statements about the future and are inherently uncertain, and actual achievements of the Company or other
future events or conditions may differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties
and other factors, including without limitation those discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K as well as other factors described elsewhere in this report and the Company s other reports filed with the SEC. 

The
Company s forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on the beliefs, expectations and opinions
of management as of the date of this Annual Report. The Company does not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements if
circumstances or management s beliefs, expectations or opinions should change, except as required by law. For the reasons set forth
above, investors should not attribute undue certainty to or place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 

iv 

GLOSSARY
OF SELECTED MINING TERMS 

Ag 
 Silver 

Au 
 Gold 

Breccia 
 Broken sedimentary and
 volcanic rock fragments cemented by a fine-grained matrix 

Clastic Rock 
 Fragments, or clasts, of
 pre-existing minerals 

Cutoff Grade 
 The grade (i.e., the concentration
 of metal or mineral in rock) that determines the destination of the material during mining. For purposes of establishing prospects
 of economic extraction, the cut-off grade is the grade that distinguishes material deemed to have no economic value (it will
 not be mined in underground mining or if mined in surface mining, its destination will be the waste dump) from material deemed to
 have economic value (its ultimate destination during mining will be a processing facility). Other terms used in similar fashion as
 cut-off grade include net smelter return, pay limit, and break-even stripping ratio. 

Deposit 
 A mineralized body which
 has been physically delineated by sufficient drilling, trenching, and/or underground work, and found to contain a sufficient average
 grade of metal or metals to warrant further exploration and/or development expenditures. Such a deposit does not qualify as a commercially
 mineable ore body or as containing reserves or ore, unless final legal, technical and economic factors are resolved 

Detachment Fault 
 A regionally extensive,
 gently dipping normal fault that is commonly associated with extension in large blocks of the earth s crust 

g/t 
 Grams per metric tonne 

Metamorphic Rock 
 Rock that has transformed
 to another rock form after intense heat and pressure 

Miocene 
 A geologic era that extended
 from 5 million to 23 million years ago 

Mineralization 
 The concentration of metals
 and their chemical compounds within a body of rock 

Net Smelter Royalty 
 A percentage payable to
 an owner or lessee from the production or net proceeds received by the operator from a smelter or refinery, less transportation,
 insurance, smelting and refining costs and penalties as set out in a royalty agreement. 

Paleozoic 
 A geologic era extending
 from 230 million to 540 million years ago 

Photogrammetry 
 The science of making measurements
 from photographs; the output is typically a map or a drawing 

Proterozoic 
 A geologic era extending
 from 540 million years to 2,500 million years ago. 

Reverse Circulation
 (RC) 
 A drilling method whereby
 drill cuttings are returned to the surface through the annulus between inner and outer drill rods, thereby minimizing contamination
 from wall rock. 

Rhyolite 
 An igneous, volcanic extrusive
 rock containing more than 65 silica. 

Schist 
 A group metamorphic rocks
 that contain more than 50 platy and elongated minerals such as mica. 

Siliciclastic Rock 
 Non-carbonate sedimentary
 rocks that are almost exclusively silicas-bearing, either as quartz or silicate minerals. 

Tertiary 
 A geologic era from 2.6
 million to 65 million years ago. 

v 

S-K
1300 Definitions 

Exploration
 Stage Issuer 
 An exploration
 stage issuer is an issuer that has no material property with mineral reserves disclosed. 

Exploration Stage Property 
 An exploration stage
 property is a property that has no mineral reserves disclosed. 

Development Stage Issuer 
 A development stage
 issuer is an issuer that is engaged in the preparation of mineral reserves for extraction on at least one material property. 

Development Stage Property 
 A development stage
 property is a property that has mineral reserves disclosed, pursuant to this subpart, but no material extraction. 

Indicated Mineral Resource 
 An indicated mineral
 resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of adequate
 geological evidence and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with an indicated mineral resource is sufficient to
 allow a qualified person to apply modifying factors in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic
 viability of the deposit. Because an indicated mineral resource has a lower level of confidence than the level of confidence of a
 measured mineral resource, an indicated mineral resource may only be converted to a probable mineral reserve 

Inferred Mineral Resource 
 An inferred mineral
 resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited
 geological evidence and sampling. The level of geological uncertainty associated with an inferred mineral resource is too high to
 apply relevant technical and economic factors likely to influence the prospects of economic extraction in a manner useful for evaluation
 of economic viability. Because an inferred mineral resource has the lowest level of geological confidence of all mineral resources,
 which prevents the application of the modifying factors in a manner useful for evaluation of economic viability, an inferred mineral
 resource may not be considered when assessing the economic viability of a mining project, and may not be converted to a mineral reserve. 

Measured Mineral Resource 
 A measured mineral
 resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of conclusive
 geological evidence and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with a measured mineral resource is sufficient to
 allow a qualified person to apply modifying factors, as defined in this section, in sufficient detail to support detailed mine planning
 and final evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Because a measured mineral resource has a higher level of confidence
 than the level of confidence of either an indicated mineral resource or an inferred mineral resource, a measured mineral resource
 may be converted to a proven mineral reserve or to a probable mineral reserve. 

Mineral Reserve 
 A mineral reserve 
 is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified
 person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured
 or indicated mineral resource, which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined
 or extracted 

vi 

Mineral Resource 
 A mineral resource 
 is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth s crust in such form, grade or quality, and
 quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization,
 taking into account relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed
 and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It is not
 merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled. 

Modifying Factors 
 Modifying factors
 are the factors that a qualified person must apply to indicated and measured mineral resources and then evaluate in order to establish
 the economic viability of mineral reserves. A qualified person must apply and evaluate modifying factors to convert measured and
 indicated mineral resources to proven and probable mineral reserves. These factors include, but are not restricted to: Mining; processing;
 metallurgical; infrastructure; economic; marketing; legal; environmental compliance; plans, negotiations, or agreements with local
 individuals or groups; and governmental factors. The number, type and specific characteristics of the modifying factors applied will
 necessarily be a function of and depend upon the mineral, mine, property, or project. 

Probable Reserve 
 A probable mineral
 reserve is the economically mineable part of an indicated and, in some cases, a measured mineral resource. 

Production Stage Issuer 
 A production stage
 issuer is an issuer that is engaged in material extraction of mineral reserves on at least one material property. 

Production Stage Property 
 A production stage
 property is a property with material extraction of mineral reserves. 

Proven Reserve 
 A proven mineral
 reserve is the economically mineable part of a measured mineral resource and can only result from conversion of a measured
 mineral resource. 

USE
OF NAMES 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we , us , our , Augusta
Gold , Augusta Gold Corp. or the Company refer to Augusta Gold Corp., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

CURRENCY 

References
to CDN or C refer to Canadian currency and USD or to United States currency. 

METRIC
CONVERSION TABLE 

To
 Convert Metric Measurement Units 
 
 To
 Imperial Measurement Units 
 
 Multiply
 by 
 
 Hectares 
 
 Acres 
 
 2.4710 
 
 Meters 
 
 Feet 
 
 3.2808 
 
 Kilometers 
 
 Miles 
 
 0.6214 
 
 Tonnes 
 
 Tons (short) 
 
 1.1023 
 
 Liters 
 
 Gallons 
 
 0.2642 
 
 Grams 
 
 Ounces (troy) 
 
 0.0322 
 
 Grams per tonne 
 
 Ounces (troy) per ton (short) 
 
 0.0292 

vii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General
Corporate Overview 

Augusta
Gold Corp. Augusta Gold or the Company is a gold company that is an exploration stage issuer focused on
building a long-term business that delivers stakeholder value through developing the Company s Bullfrog and Reward gold projects
and pursing accretive merger and acquisition opportunities. We are focused on exploration and advancement of gold exploration and potential
development projects, which may lead to gold production or strategic transactions such as joint venture arrangements with other mining
companies or sales of assets for cash and/or other consideration. At present all our properties are exploration stage properties and
we do not mine, produce or sell any mineral products and we do not currently generate cash flows from mining operations. 

The
Bullfrog Gold Project is located approximately 120 miles north-west of Las Vegas, Nevada and 4 miles west of Beatty, Nevada. The Reward
Gold Project is located seven miles from the Bullfrog Gold Project. The Company owns, controls
or has acquired mineral rights on federal patented and unpatented mining claims in the State of Nevada for the purpose of exploration
and potential development of gold, silver, and other metals. The Company plans to review opportunities and acquire additional mineral
properties with current or historic precious and base metal mineralization with meaningful exploration potential. See Part
I - Item 2 - Properties in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further description of the Bullfrog and Reward gold projects. 

The
Company is led by a management team and board of directors with a proven track record of success in financing, exploring and developing
mining assets and delivering shareholder value. 

Augusta
Gold Corp. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 23, 2007 as Kopr Resources Corp. On July 21, 2011, the Company
changed its name to Bullfrog Gold Corp. On January 26, 2021, the Company changed its name to Augusta Gold Corp. 
and completed a consolidation of its shares of common stock on the basis of one (1) new share of common stock for every six (6) old shares
of common stock (the Consolidation ). 

Recent
Development of the Business 

On
October 9, 2020, the Company entered into a membership interest purchase agreement (the MIPA among the Company, Homestake
Mining Company of California Homestake ), and Lac Minerals (USA) LLC Lac Minerals and together with Homestake,
the Barrick Parties ). 

Pursuant
to the MIPA, the Company agreed to purchase from the Barrick Parties, and the Barrick Parties agreed to sell to the Company, all of the
equity interests (the Equity Interests in Bullfrog Mines LLC Bullfrog Mines ), the successor by conversion
of Barrick Bullfrog Inc. (the Acquisition Transaction ). 

The
Acquisition Transaction closed on October 26, 2020. Through the Company s acquisition of the Equity Interests, the Company acquired
rights to 1,500 acres of land adjoining the Company s Bullfrog Gold deposit. Additional details on the Acquisition Transaction
are set out in this Annual Report under Part I - Item 2 - Properties Bullfrog Gold Project, Nye County,
Nevada - Location, Property Description and Ownership - Barrick Claims . 

Following
closing of the Acquisition Transaction, the Company s board and management was reconstituted to include Maryse B langer
as President, CEO and director, and Messrs. Donald Taylor and Daniel Earle as directors of the Company joining Mr. David Beling as the
sole pre-existing Company director. 

On
January 7, 2021, the Company announced the appointment of Mr. Richard Warke, Ms. Poonam Puri and Mr. John Boehner as directors of the
Company, the resignation of Mr. David Beling as a director of the Company, and the appointments of new members of management. On January
20, 2021, the Company announced the appointment of Mr. Len Boggio as a director of the Company. 

1 

On
April 13, 2021, the Company announced the appointment of Mr. Donald Taylor as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and
the resignation of Maryse Belanger as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the outstanding membership interests (collectively, the CR Interests of CR Reward LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Waterton CR Reward ), pursuant to a membership interest purchase agreement
(the Reward Agreement with Waterton Nevada Splitter, LLC Waterton ). CR Reward holds the Reward Project
located seven miles from the Company s Bullfrog Project in Nevada. The CR Interests were acquired for the following consideration:
(a) 12,500,000 in cash paid at the closing; plus (b) the issuance of 7,800,000 shares of Augusta Gold common stock at the closing; plus
(c) 22,121,398 in cash paid on September 14, 2022. 

On
September 14, 2022, the Company also announced that it had entered into a loan with a company owned by the Company s executive
chairman for 22,232,561. The loan bears interest at a rate of prime plus 3 , is for a maximum period of 12 months, and is secured by
the Company s Bullfrog and Reward projects. 

On
January 20, 2023, the Company announced that it had closed a bought deal offering of units of Augusta Gold (the Units for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately C 11.5 million, including the full exercise of the over-allotment option in the amount
of C 1.5 million. Pursuant to the Offering, a total of 6,725,147 Units were sold at a price of C 1.71 per Unit. Each Unit was comprised
of one share of the Company s common stock and one-half of one common stock purchase warrant (each whole common stock purchase
warrant, a Warrant ). Each Warrant entitles the holder to acquire one share of the Company s common stock at a price
of C 2.30 until January 20, 2026. 

Availability
of Raw Materials 

All
of the raw materials we require to carry on our business are readily available through normal supply or business contracting channels
in Canada and the United States. As a result, we do not believe that we will experience any shortages of required personnel, equipment
or supplies in the foreseeable future. 

Dependence
on a Few Contracts 

Our
business is not substantially dependent on any contract such as a contract to sell the major part of the Company s products or
services or to purchase the major part of its requirements for goods, services or raw materials, or on any franchise or license or other
agreement to use a patent, formula, trade secret, process or trade name upon which its business depends. Rather, our ability to continue
making the holding, assessment, lease and option payments necessary to maintain our interest in our mineral projects is of primary concern.
We do not presently anticipate any difficulties in this regard in the current financial year. 

Competition 

We
compete with other mining companies in connection with the acquisition, exploration, financing and development of gold properties. There
is competition among mining companies for a limited number of gold acquisition and exploration opportunities. We may compete with other
mining companies for mining claims in regions adjacent to our existing claims. Some of these competing mining companies have substantially
greater financial and technical resources than us. As a result, we may have difficulty acquiring attractive gold projects at reasonable
prices. 

We
compete with other mining companies to retain expert consultants required to complete our geological, project development, and analytical
and metallurgical studies. We also compete with other mining companies to hire mining engineers, geologists and other skilled personnel
in the mining industry, and for exploration and development services. In competing for qualified mineral exploration personnel, we may
be required to pay compensation or benefits relatively higher than those paid in the past, and the availability of qualified personnel
may be limited in high-demand commodity cycles. 

We
will be subject to competition and unforeseen limited sources of supplies in the industry in the event spot shortages for certain equipment
such as bulldozers and excavators and services, such as contract drilling that we will need to conduct exploration. There is also significant
competition for power in Beatty, Nevada. If we are unsuccessful in securing the products, equipment, services and power we need, we may
have to suspend our exploration plans until we are able to secure them. 

2 

Compliance
with Government Regulation 

The
exploration and development of a mining property is subject to regulation by a number of federal and state government authorities. These
include the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA and the United States Bureau of Land Management BLM as well as the various state environmental protection agencies. The regulations address many environmental issues relating to air, soil
and water contamination and apply to many mining related activities including exploration, mine construction, mineral extraction, ore
milling, water use, waste disposal and use of toxic substances. In addition, we are subject to regulations relating to labor standards,
occupational health and safety, mine safety, general land use, export of minerals and taxation. Many of the regulations require permits
or licenses to be obtained and the filing of Notices of Intent and Plans of Operations, the absence of which or inability to obtain will
adversely affect the ability for us to conduct our exploration, development and operation activities. The failure to comply with the
regulations and terms of permits and licenses may result in fines or other penalties or in revocation of a permit or license or loss
of a prospect. 

Federal 

On
lands owned by the United States, mining rights are governed by the General Mining Law of 1872, as amended, which allows the location
of mining claims on certain federal lands upon the discovery of a valuable mineral deposit and compliance with location requirements.
The exploration of mining properties and development and operation of mines is governed by both federal and state laws. Federal laws
that govern mining claim location and maintenance and mining operations on federal lands are generally administered by the BLM. Additional
federal laws, governing mine safety and health, also apply. State laws also require various permits and approvals before exploration,
development or production operations can begin. Among other things, a reclamation plan must typically be prepared and approved, with
bonding in the amount of projected reclamation costs. The bond is used to ensure that proper reclamation takes place, and the bond will
not be released until that time. Local jurisdictions may also impose permitting requirements (such as conditional use permits or zoning
approvals). 

Nevada 

In
Nevada, initial stage surface exploration activities that do not disturb the surface, do not require any permits. Notice-level exploration
permits NOI are required (through the BLM) for the Bullfrog Gold Project to perform drilling or other surface disturbing
activities with less than five acres extent. More extensive disturbance requires submittal and approval of a Plan of Operations 
and Environmental Assessment from the BLM. 

In
Nevada, we are also required to post bonds with the State of Nevada to secure our environmental and reclamation obligations on private
land, with amount of such bonds reflecting the level of rehabilitation anticipated by the then proposed activities. 

If
in the future we are successful in defining a commercially viable mineral deposit on our property interests, then if and when we commence
any mineral production, we will also need to comply with laws that regulate or propose to regulate our mining activities, including the
management and handling of raw materials, disposal, storage and management of hazardous and solid waste, the safety of our employees
and post-mining land reclamation. 

We
cannot predict the impact of new or changed laws, regulations or permitting requirements, or changes in the ways that such laws, regulations
or permitting requirements are enforced, interpreted or administered. Health, safety and environmental laws and regulations are complex,
are subject to change and have become more stringent over time. It is possible that greater than anticipated health, safety and environmental
capital expenditures or reclamation and closure expenditures will be required in the future. We expect continued government and public
emphasis on environmental issues will result in increased future investments for environmental controls at our operations. 

Environmental
Regulation 

Our
mineral projects are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing protection of the environment. These
laws are continually changing and, in general, are becoming more restrictive. The development, operation, closure, and reclamation of
mining projects in the United States requires numerous notifications, permits, authorizations, and public agency decisions. Compliance
with environmental and related laws and regulations requires us to obtain permits issued by regulatory agencies, and to file various
reports and keep records of our operations. Certain of these permits require periodic renewal or review of their conditions and may be
subject to a public review process during which opposition to our proposed operations may be encountered. We are currently operating
under various permits for activities connected to mineral exploration, reclamation, and environmental considerations. Our policy is to
conduct business in a way that safeguards public health and the environment. We believe that our operations are conducted in material
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

Changes
to current local, state or federal laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate could require additional capital expenditures
and increased operating and/or reclamation costs. Although we are unable to predict what additional legislation, if any, might be proposed
or enacted, additional regulatory requirements could impact the economics of our projects. 

3 

U.S.
Federal Laws 

The
Comprehensive Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ), and comparable state statutes, impose
strict, joint and several liability on current and former owners and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for
the disposal of hazardous substances found at such sites. It is not uncommon for the government to file claims requiring cleanup actions,
demands for reimbursement for government-incurred cleanup costs, or natural resource damages, or for neighboring landowners and other
third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances released into the environment.
The Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), and comparable state statutes, govern the disposal of solid
waste and hazardous waste and authorize the imposition of substantial fines and penalties for noncompliance, as well as requirements
for corrective actions. CERCLA, RCRA and comparable state statutes can impose liability for clean-up of sites and disposal of substances
found on exploration, mining and processing sites long after activities on such sites have been completed. 

The
Clean Air Act CAA ), as amended, restricts the emission of air pollutants from many sources, including exploration, development,
mining and processing activities. The Company s current exploration activities and any future development, mining or processing
operations by the Company may produce air emissions, including fugitive dust and other air pollutants from stationary equipment, storage
facilities and the use of mobile sources such as trucks and heavy construction equipment, which are subject to review, monitoring and/or
control requirements under the CAA and state air quality laws. New facilities may be required to obtain permits before development, mining
and processing work can begin, and existing facilities may be required to incur capital costs in order to remain in compliance. In addition,
permitting rules may impose limitations on our production levels or result in additional capital expenditures in order to comply with
the rules. 

The
National Environmental Policy Act NEPA requires federal agencies to integrate environmental considerations into their
decision-making processes by evaluating the environmental impacts of their proposed actions, including issuance of permits to mining
facilities, and assessing alternatives to those actions. If a proposed action could significantly affect the environment, the agency
must prepare a detailed statement known as an Environmental Impact Statement EIS ). The EPA, other federal agencies, and
any interested third parties will review and comment on the scoping of the EIS and the adequacy of and findings set forth in the draft
and final EIS. This process can cause delays in issuance of required permits or result in changes to a project to mitigate its potential
environmental impacts, which can in turn impact the economic feasibility of a proposed project. 

The
Clean Water Act CWA ), and comparable state statutes, impose restrictions and controls on the discharge of pollutants into
waters of the United States. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of
a permit issued by the EPA or an analogous state agency. The CWA regulates storm water at mining facilities and requires a storm water
discharge permit for certain activities. Such a permit requires the regulated facility to monitor and sample storm water run-off from
its operations. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit discharges of dredged and fill material in wetlands and
other waters of the United States unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. The CWA and comparable state statutes provide
for civil, criminal and administrative penalties for unauthorized discharges of pollutants and impose liability on parties responsible
for those discharges for the costs of cleaning up any environmental damage caused by the release and for natural resource damages resulting
from the release. 

The
Safe Drinking Water Act SDWA and the Underground Injection Control UIC program promulgated thereunder,
regulate the drilling and operation of subsurface injection wells. The EPA directly administers the UIC program in some states and in
others the responsibility for the program has been delegated to the state. The program requires that a permit be obtained before drilling
a disposal or injection well. Violation of these regulations and/or contamination of groundwater by exploration, development, mining,
processing or other related activities may result in fines, penalties, and remediation costs, among other sanctions and liabilities under
the SWDA and state laws. In addition, third party claims may be filed by landowners and other parties claiming damages for alternative
water supplies, property damages, and bodily injury. 

Nevada 

Other
Nevada regulations govern operating and design standards for the construction and operation of any source of air contamination and landfill
operations. Any changes to these laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our financial performance and results of operations
by, for example, requiring changes to operating constraints, technical criteria, fees or surety requirements. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this filing, the Company has 12 employees (including shared employees). We continue to engage various independent contractors
and consultants to fulfill additional needs. Additional employees will be hired on an as needed basis. 

4 

The
Company s management values the benefits that diversity can bring and seeks to maintain a management team and workforce comprised
of talented and dedicated executives and employees with a diverse mix of experience, skills and backgrounds collectively reflecting the
strategic needs of the business and the nature of the environment in which the Company operates. In identifying qualified candidates
for available positions within the Company, the Company s management will consider prospective candidates based on merit, having
regard to those competencies, expertise, skills, background and other qualities identified from time to time by management being important
in fostering a diverse and inclusive culture which solicits multiple perspectives and views and is free of conscious or unconscious bias
and discrimination. The Company s management will give due consideration to characteristics, such as gender, age, ethnicity, disability,
sexual orientation and geographic representation. 

Gold
Price History 

The
price of gold is volatile and is affected by numerous factors, all of which are beyond our control, such as the sale or purchase of gold
by various central banks and financial institutions, inflation, recession, fluctuation in the relative values of the U.S. dollar and
foreign currencies, changes in global gold demand and political and economic conditions. 

The
following table presents the high, low and average afternoon fixed prices in U.S. dollars for an ounce of gold on the London Bullion
Market over the past five years: 

Year 
 High 
 Low 
 Average 
 
 2018 
 1,355 
 1,178 
 1,269 
 
 2019 
 1,546 
 1,270 
 1,393 
 
 2020 
 2,067 
 1,474 
 1,770 
 
 2021 
 1,943 
 1,684 
 1,797 
 
 2022 
 2,039 
 1,628 
 1,800 

Data
Source: www.kitco.com 

Seasonality 

The
Company s business operations, including exploration of the Bullfrog and Reward gold projects, are not subject to material restrictions
on our operations due to seasonality. 

Environmental
Responsibility 

Augusta
Gold is committed to effective environmental stewardship. We have implemented and continue to develop business practices that are designed
to reduce negative environmental impacts. We believe part of being a good corporate citizen requires a dedicated focus on how our industry,
precious metals mining, affects the environment. In planning our development of the Bullfrog and Reward gold projects, we strive towards
a more environmentally sound project development plan at the projects and within the local community. 

Available
Information 

We
make available, free of charge, on or through our Internet website, at www.augustagold.com, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Our Internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be,
and are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

5 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Each of these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as
materially and adversely affect the value of an investment in our Common Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones facing
the Company. Additional risks that we are not presently aware of, or that we currently believe are immaterial, may also adversely affect
our business, operating results and financial condition. We cannot assure you that we will successfully address these risks or that other
unknown risks exist that may affect our business. 

Financial
Risks 

We
have a history of losses and expect to continue to incur losses in the future. 

With
the exception of the current fiscal year, we have incurred losses since inception, have negative cash flow from operating activities
and expect to continue to incur losses in the future. 

We
have an accumulated deficit of approximately 40,000,000 as of December 31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur losses unless and until
such time as our Bullfrog or Reward gold projects or one of our future acquired properties enters into commercial production and generates
sufficient revenues to fund continuing operations. We recognize that if we are unable to generate cash flows from mining operations and
dispositions of our properties, we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. At this early stage of our operation, we
also expect to face the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies at the start up stage of
their business development. We cannot be sure that we will be successful in addressing these risks and uncertainties and our failure
to do so could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Negative
Operating Cash Flow 

The
Company is an exploration stage issuer and has not generated cash flow from operations. The Company is devoting significant resources
to the advancement of its Bullfrog and Reward gold projects and to actively pursue exploration and development opportunities, however,
there can be no assurance that it will generate positive cash flow from operations in the future. The Company expects to continue to
incur negative consolidated operating cash flow and losses until such time as it achieves commercial production at a particular project.
The Company currently has negative cash flow from operating activities. 

We
have a limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of our business and prospects. 

Since
our inception we have had no revenue from operations. We have no history of producing metals from any of our properties. Our Bullfrog
and Reward gold projects are exploration stage properties. Advancing properties from exploration into the development stage requires
significant capital and time, and successful commercial production from a property, if any, will be subject to completing feasibility
studies, permitting and construction of the mine, processing plants, roads, and other related works and infrastructure. As a result,
we are subject to all of the risks associated with developing and establishing new mining operations and business enterprises including: 

completion
 of feasibility studies to verify reserves and commercial viability, including the ability
 to find sufficient gold/silver mineral reserves to support a commercial mining operation; 

the
 timing and cost, which can be considerable, of further exploration, preparing feasibility
 studies, permitting and construction of infrastructure, mining and processing facilities; 

the
 availability and costs of drill equipment, exploration personnel, skilled labor and mining
 and processing equipment, if required; 

the
 availability and cost of appropriate smelting and/or refining arrangements, if required; 

compliance
 with environmental and other governmental approval and permit requirements; 

the
 availability of funds to finance exploration, development and construction activities, as
 warranted; 

potential
 opposition from non-governmental organizations, environmental groups, local groups or local
 inhabitants which may delay or prevent development activities; 

potential
 increases in exploration, construction and operating costs due to changes in the cost of
 fuel, power, materials and supplies; and 

potential
 shortages of mineral processing, construction and other facilities related supplies. 

6 

The
costs, timing and complexities of exploration, development and construction activities may be increased by the location of our properties
and demand by other mineral exploration and mining companies. It is common in exploration programs to experience unexpected problems
and delays during drill programs and, if commenced, development, construction and mine start-up. Accordingly, our activities may not
result in profitable mining operations and we may not succeed in establishing mining operations or profitably producing metals at any
of our properties. 

We
may need to obtain additional financing to fund our exploration programs. 

If
we raise additional funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership of existing stockholders may be
diluted and the securities that we may issue in the future may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the current
holders of our common stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we could be subject to debt covenants that could place limitations
on our operations and financial flexibility. 

Increased
costs could affect our financial condition. 

We
anticipate that costs at our projects and properties that we may explore or develop will frequently be subject to variation from one
year to the next due to a number of factors, such as changing grade, metallurgy and revisions to mine plans, if any, in response to the
physical shape and location of the body. In addition, costs are affected by the price of commodities such as fuel, steel, rubber, and
electricity. Such commodities are at times subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production at certain
operations less profitable. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect on our profitability. 

Operating
Risks 

Our
Bullfrog and Reward gold projects are in the exploration stage. 

The
Bullfrog and Reward gold projects have estimated mineral resources, but there has not been a mineral reserve estimation in accordance
with S-K 1300. There is no assurance that we can establish the existence of any mineral reserves on the Bullfrog or Reward gold projects
in commercially exploitable quantities. Until we can do so, we cannot earn any revenues from the projects and if we do not do so, we
will lose all of the funds that we expend on exploration. If we do not discover any mineral reserves in a commercially exploitable quantity,
the exploration component of our business could fail. 

The
probability of an individual prospect ever having a reserve that meets the requirements of the SEC s S-K 1300 standards
is extremely remote; in all probability our projects do not contain any reserves and any funds that we spend on exploration
could be lost. Even if we do eventually discover a mineral reserve on our project, there can be no assurance that they can be developed
into producing mines and extract those minerals. Both mineral exploration and development involve a high degree of risk and few mineral
properties which are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. 

The
commercial viability of an established mineral deposit will depend on a number of factors including, by way of example, the size, grade
and other attributes of the mineral deposit, the proximity of the mineral deposit to infrastructure such as a smelter, roads and a point
for shipping, government regulation and market prices. Most of these factors will be beyond our control, and any of them could increase
costs and make extraction of any identified mineral deposit unprofitable. 

We
cannot be assured that the Bullfrog or Reward gold projects are feasible or that a feasibility study will accurately forecast economic
results. 

The
Bullfrog and Reward gold projects are our principal assets. Our future profitability depends largely on the economic feasibility of the
projects. Before arranging financing for development and production at either the Bullfrog or Reward gold projects, we will have to complete
a feasibility study. The results of our feasibility study may not be as favorable as the results of our prior studies. There can be no
assurance that mining processes and results including potential gold production rates, revenue, capital and operating costs including
taxes and royalties will not vary unfavorably from the estimates and assumptions included in such feasibility study. 

7 

The
Bullfrog and Reward gold projects require substantial capital investment and we may be unable to raise sufficient capital on favorable
terms or at all. 

The
exploration and, if warranted, development and operation of the Bullfrog and Reward gold projects will require significant capital. Our
ability to raise sufficient capital and/or secure a development partner on satisfactory terms, if at all, will depend on several factors,
including a favorable feasibility study, acquisition of the requisite permits, macroeconomic conditions, and future gold prices. Uncontrollable
factors or other factors such as lower gold prices, unanticipated operating or permitting challenges, perception of environmental impact
or, illiquidity in the debt markets or equity markets, could impede our ability to finance the Bullfrog or Reward gold projects on acceptable
terms, or at all, including the cost of such capital and other conditions of financing arrangements that impose restrictive covenants
and security interests that may affect the Company s ability to operate as intended and ultimately its ability to continue as a
going concern. 

We
may not be able to get the required permits at the Bullfrog and Reward gold projects in a timely manner or at all. 

Any
delay in acquiring the requisite permits, or failure to receive required governmental approvals could delay or prevent the start of exploration
or, if warranted, development of the Bullfrog and Reward gold projects. If we are unable to acquire permits to explore, develop or mine
the property, then the projects cannot be developed and operated. In addition, the property would have no reserves under S-K 1300, which
could result in an impairment of the carrying value of the project. 

We
are a junior gold exploration company with no mining operations, and we may never have any mining operations in the future. 

Our
business is exploring for gold and other minerals. In the event that we discover commercially exploitable gold or other deposits, we
will not be able to generate any sales from them unless the gold or other minerals are actually mined, or we sell all or a part of our
interest. Accordingly, we will need to find some other entity to mine our properties on our behalf, mine them ourselves or sell our rights
to mine to third parties. Mining operations in the United States are subject to many different federal, state, and local laws and regulations,
including stringent environmental, health and safety laws. In the event we assume any operational responsibility for mining our properties,
it is possible that we will be unable to comply with current or future laws and regulations, which can change at any time. It is possible
that changes to these laws will be adverse to any potential mining operations. Moreover, compliance with such laws may cause substantial
delays and require capital outlays in excess of those we anticipate, adversely affecting any potential mining operations of ours. Our
future mining operations, if any, may also be subject to liability for pollution or other environmental damage. It is possible that we
will choose to not be insured against this risk because of high insurance costs or other reasons. 

Difficulties
we may encounter managing our growth could adversely affect our results of operations. 

As
our business needs expand, we may need to hire a significant number of employees. This expansion may place a significant strain on our
managerial and financial resources. To manage the potential growth of our operations and personnel, we will be required to: 

improve
 existing, and implement new, operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems
 and procedures; 

install
 enhanced management information systems; and 

train,
 motivate and manage our employees. 

We
may not be able to install adequate management information and control systems in an efficient and timely manner, and our current or
planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. If we are unable to manage
growth effectively, our business would be seriously harmed. 

8 

If
we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our
business and achieve our objectives. 

We
believe our future success will depend upon our ability to retain our key management. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining
employees in the future and the loss of the key members of management would have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

The
outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic may impact the Company s plans and activities 

The
Company s exploration and development activities may be affected by existing or threatened medical pandemics, such as the novel
coronavirus (COVID-19). A government may impose strict emergency measures in response to the threat or existence of an infectious disease,
such as the emergency measures imposed by governments of many countries and states in response to the COVID-19 virus pandemic. As such,
there are potentially significant economic and social impacts of infectious diseases, including but not limited to the inability of the
Company to develop and operate as intended, shortage of skilled employees or labor unrest, inability to access sufficient healthcare,
significant social upheavals or unrest, disruption to operations, supply chain shortages or delays, travel and trade restrictions, government
or regulatory actions or inactions (including but not limited to, changes in taxation or policies, or delays in permitting or approvals,
or mandated shut downs), declines in the price of precious metals, capital markets volatility, availability of credit, loss of investor
confidence and impact on economic activity in affected countries or regions. In addition, such pandemics or diseases represent a serious
threat to maintaining a skilled workforce in the mining industry and could be a major health-care challenge for the Company. There can
be no assurance that the Company or the Company s personnel will not be impacted by these pandemic diseases and the Company may
ultimately see its workforce productivity reduced or incur increased medical costs/insurance premiums as a result of these health risks.
COVID-19 is rapidly evolving and the effects on the mining industry and the Company are uncertain. The Company may not be able to accurately
predict the impact of infectious disease, including COVID-19, or the quantum of such risks. There can be no assurance that the Company
will not be impacted by adverse consequences that may be brought about by pandemics on global financial markets, which may reduce resources,
share prices and financial liquidity and may severely limit the financing capital available to the Company. 

Mining
Risks 

The
nature of mineral exploration and production activities involves a high degree of risk and the possibility of uninsured losses. 

Exploration
for minerals is highly speculative and involves much greater risk than many other businesses. Most exploration programs do not result
in the discovery of mineralization, and any mineralization discovered may not be of sufficient quantity or quality to be profitably mined.
Our operations are, and any future development or mining operations we may conduct will be, subject to all of the operating hazards and
risks normally incident to exploring for and development of mineral properties, such as, but not limited to: 

economically
 insufficient mineralized material; 

the
 ability to find sufficient gold, silver or other metal reserves to support a profitable mining
 operation; 

fluctuation
 in production costs that make mining uneconomical; 

labor
 disputes; 

unanticipated
 variations in grade and geological characteristics; 

environmental
 events such as storms and flooding; 

water
 availability; 

difficult
 surface or underground conditions; 

industrial
 accidents; 

unexpected
 metallurgical response; 

mechanical
 and equipment performance limitations; 

geotechnical
 constraints; and 

decrease
 in the value of mineralized material due to lower gold and/or silver prices. 

9 

Any
of these risks can materially and adversely affect, among other things, the development of properties, production quantities and rates,
costs and expenditures, potential revenues and production dates. We currently have very limited insurance to guard against some of these
risks. If we determine that capitalized costs associated with any of our mineral interests are not likely to be recovered, we would incur
a write-down of our investment in these interests. All of these factors may result in losses in relation to amounts spent which are not
recoverable, or result in additional expenses. 

Estimates
of mineral resources are subject to evaluation uncertainties that could result in project failure. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, mineral resource figures presented in this Annual Report and in our filings with securities regulatory authorities,
press releases and other public statements that may be made from time to time are based upon estimates made by independent geologists
and mining engineers. When making determinations about whether to advance any of our projects to development, we must rely upon such
estimates as to mineral resources, mineral reserves and grades on our properties. 

Our
exploration and future mining operations, if any, are and would be faced with risks associated with being able to accurately predict
the quantity and quality of resources/reserves using sampling techniques and known resource estimation methodologies. Estimates of resources/reserve
on our properties would be made using samples obtained from drilling programs. There is an inherent variability of assays between paired
samples (proximal to each other) that cannot be reasonably eliminated. Additionally, there also may be unknown geologic details that
have not been identified or correctly defined at the current level of accumulated knowledge about our properties. This could result in
uncertainties that cannot be reasonably eliminated from the process of estimating resources/reserves. 

Any
material changes in resources/reserve estimates and grades will affect the economic viability of placing a property into production and
a property s return on capital. 

As
we have not completed feasibility studies on our Bullfrog or Reward gold projects and have not commenced actual production, resource
estimates may require adjustments or downward revisions. In addition, the grade ultimately mined, if any, may differ from that indicated
by our technical reports and drill results. Minerals recovered in small scale tests may not be duplicated in large scale tests under
existing on-site conditions or in production scale. 

The
mineral resource estimates contained in this Annual Report have been determined based on assumed future prices, cut-off grades and operating
costs that may prove to be inaccurate. Extended declines in market prices for gold or silver may render portions of our mineral resources
uneconomic and result in reduced reported mineralization or adversely affect any commercial viability determinations we may reach. Any
material reductions in estimates of mineral resources, or of our ability to extract mineral resources, could have a material adverse
effect on our share price and the value of our properties. 

Our
exploration activities on our properties may not be commercially successful, which could lead us to abandon our plans to develop our
properties and our investments in exploration. 

Our
long-term success depends on our ability to identify mineral deposits on our existing Bullfrog and Reward gold projects and other properties
we may acquire, if any, that we can then develop into commercially viable mining operations. Mineral exploration is highly speculative
in nature, involves many risks and is frequently non-productive. These risks include unusual or unexpected geologic formations, and the
inability to obtain suitable or adequate equipment, or labor. The success of gold, silver and other commodity exploration is determined
in part by the following factors: 

the
 identification of potential mineralization based on surficial analysis; 

availability
 of government-granted exploration permits; 

the
 quality of our management and our geological and technical expertise; and 

the
 capital available for exploration and development work. 

Substantial
expenditures are required to establish proven and probable mineral reserves through drilling and analysis, to develop metallurgical processes
to extract metal, and to develop the mining and processing facilities and infrastructure at any site chosen for mining. Whether a mineral
deposit will be commercially viable depends on a number of factors, which include, without limitation, the particular attributes of the
deposit, such as size, grade and proximity to infrastructure; metal prices, which fluctuate widely; and government regulations, including,
without limitation, regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use, importing and exporting of minerals and
environmental protection. We may invest significant capital and resources in exploration activities and abandon such investments if we
are unable to identify commercially exploitable mineral reserves. The decision to abandon a project may have an adverse effect on the
market value of our securities and the ability to raise future financing. 

10 

The
volatility of the price of gold and silver could adversely affect our future operations and, if warranted, our ability to develop our
properties. 

The
potential for profitability of our operations, the value of our Bullfrog and Reward gold projects or other properties we may acquire,
the market price of our shares of common stock and our ability to raise funding to conduct continued exploration and development, if
warranted, are directly related to the market price of gold and silver. Our decision to put a mine into production and to commit the
funds necessary for that purpose must be made long before the first revenue from production would be received. A decrease in the price
of gold and/or silver may prevent our properties from being economically mined or result in the write-off of assets whose value is impaired
as a result of lower gold and silver prices. The prices of gold and silver are affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including
inflation, fluctuation of the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies, global and regional demand, the sale of gold by central banks, and
the political and economic conditions of major gold and silver producing countries throughout the world. 

The
volatility in gold prices is illustrated in the table presented under Part I - Item 1. Business - Gold Price History above. 

The
volatility of metal prices represents a substantial risk which no amount of planning or technical expertise can fully eliminate. In the
event gold and/or silver prices decline or remain low for prolonged periods of time, we might be unable to develop our properties, which
may adversely affect our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows. 

We
are subject to significant governmental regulations, which affect our operations and costs of conducting our business. 

Our
current and future operations are and will be governed by laws and regulations, including: 

laws
 and regulations governing mineral concession acquisition, prospecting, development, mining
 and production; 

laws
 and regulations related to exports, taxes and fees; 

labor
 standards and regulations related to occupational health and mine safety; and 

environmental
 standards and regulations related to waste disposal, toxic substances, land use and environmental
 protection. 

Companies
engaged in exploration activities often experience increased costs and delays in production and other schedules as a result of the need
to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits may result in
enforcement actions, including the forfeiture of mineral claims or other mineral tenures, orders issued by regulatory or judicial authorities
requiring operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional
equipment or costly remedial actions. We may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of our mineral exploration
activities and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of such laws, regulations and permits. 

Existing
and possible future laws, regulations and permits governing operations and activities of exploration companies, or more stringent implementation,
could have a material adverse impact on our business and cause increases in capital expenditures or require abandonment or delays in
exploration. 

Our
business is subject to extensive environmental regulations which may make exploring for or mining prohibitively expensive, and which
may change at any time. 

All
our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations which can make exploration expensive or prohibit it altogether. We
may be subject to potential liabilities associated with the pollution of the environment and the disposal of waste products that may
occur as the result of exploring and other related activities on our properties. We may have to make payments to remedy environmental
pollution, which may reduce the amount of money that we have available to use for exploration. This may adversely affect our financial
position, which may cause shareholders to lose their investment. If we are unable to fully remedy an environmental problem, we might
be required to suspend operations or to enter into interim compliance measures pending the completion of the required remedy. If our
properties are mined and we retain any operational responsibility for doing so, our potential exposure for remediation may be significant,
and this may have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial position. We have not purchased insurance for potential environmental
risks (including potential liability for pollution or other hazards associated with the disposal of waste products from our exploration
activities). 

11 

If
we mine one or more of our properties and retain operational responsibility for mining, then such insurance may not be available to us
on reasonable terms or at a reasonable price. All of our exploration and, if warranted, development activities may be subject to regulation
under one or more local, state and federal environmental impact analyses and public review processes. Future changes in applicable laws,
regulations and permits or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could have significant impact on some portion of
our business, which may require us to re-evaluate our business from time to time. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risk
that regulatory authorities may increase bonding requirements beyond our financial capability. Inasmuch as posting of bonding in accordance
with regulatory determinations is a condition to the right to operate under all material operating permits, increases in bonding requirements
could prevent operations even if we are in full compliance with all substantive environmental laws. 

Our
property titles may be challenged. We are not insured against any challenges, impairments or defects to our mineral claims or property
titles. We have not fully verified title to our properties. 

Unpatented
claims were created and maintained in accordance with the federal General Mining Law of 1872. Unpatented claims are unique U.S. property
interests and are generally considered to be subject to greater title risk than other real property interests because the validity of
unpatented claims is often uncertain. This uncertainty arises, in part, out of the complex federal and state laws and regulations under
the General Mining Law. Although the annual payments and filings for these claims, permits and patents have been maintained, we have
conducted limited title search on our properties. The uncertainty resulting from not having comprehensive title searches on the properties
leaves us exposed to potential title suits. Defending any challenges to our property titles may be costly, and may divert funds that
we could otherwise use for exploration activities and other purposes. In addition, unpatented claims are always subject to possible challenges
by third parties or contests by the federal government, which, if successful, may prevent us from exploiting our discovery of commercially
extractable gold. Challenges to our title may increase our costs of operation or limit our ability to explore on certain portions of
our properties. We are not insured against challenges, impairments or defects to our property titles, nor do we intend to carry extensive
title insurance in the future. 

Possible
amendments to the General Mining Law could make it more difficult or impossible for us to execute our business plan. 

The
U.S. Congress has considered proposals to amend the General Mining Law of 1872 that would have, among other things, permanently banned
the sale of public land for mining. The proposed amendment would have expanded the environmental regulations to which we are subject
and would have given Indian tribes the ability to hinder or prohibit mining operations near tribal lands. The proposed amendment would
also have imposed a royalty of 8 of gross revenue on new mining operations located on federal public land, which would have applied
to substantial portions of our properties. The proposed amendment would have made it more expensive or perhaps too expensive to recover
any otherwise commercially exploitable gold deposits which we may find on our properties. While at this time the proposed amendment is
no longer pending, this or similar changes to the law in the future could have a significant impact on our business. 

Market
forces or unforeseen developments may prevent us from obtaining the supplies and equipment necessary to explore for gold and other minerals. 

Gold
exploration, and resource exploration in general, requires engaging contractors, and may result in unforeseen shortages of supplies and/or
equipment that could result in the disruption of our planned exploration activities. Current demand for exploration drilling services,
equipment and supplies is robust and could result in suitable equipment and skilled manpower being unavailable at scheduled times for
our exploration program. Fuel prices are extremely volatile as well. We will attempt to locate suitable equipment, materials, manpower
and fuel if we have sufficient funds to do so. If we cannot find the equipment and supplies needed for our various exploration programs,
we may have to suspend some or all of them until equipment, supplies, funds and/or skilled manpower become available. Any such disruption
in our activities may adversely affect our exploration activities and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to maintain the infrastructure necessary to conduct exploration activities. 

Our
exploration activities depend upon adequate infrastructure. Reliable roads, bridges, power sources and water supply are important factors
which affect capital and operating costs. Unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, government or other interference in the
maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect our exploration activities and financial condition. 

12 

Regulations
and pending legislation governing issues involving climate change could result in increased operating costs, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

A
number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to various climate change
interest groups and the potential impact of climate change. Legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could impose
significant costs on us, our venture partners and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements, capital equipment,
environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs to comply with such regulations. Any adopted future climate change regulations
could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Given the emotion,
political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be dealt with, we cannot predict how legislation
and regulation will affect our financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation,
increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies
in our industry could harm our reputation. The potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and
would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. These may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns
and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures. These impacts may adversely impact the cost, production
and financial performance of our operations. 

Our
relationship with the communities in which we operate impacts the future success of our operations. 

Our
relationship with the communities in which we operate is important to ensure the future success of our existing operations. While we
believe our relationships with the communities in which we operate are strong, there is an increasing level of public concern relating
to the perceived effect of mining activities on the environment and on communities impacted by such activities. Certain non-governmental
organizations NGOs ), some of which oppose globalization and resource development, are often vocal critics of the mining
industry and its practices. Adverse publicity generated by such NGOs or others related to extractive industries generally, or its operations
specifically, could have an adverse effect on our reputation or financial condition and may impact its relationship with the communities
in which we operate. While we believe that we operate in a socially responsible manner, there is no guarantee that our efforts in this
respect will mitigate this potential risk. 

Newly
adopted rules regarding mining property disclosure by companies reporting with the SEC may result in increased operating and legal costs. 

On
October 31, 2018, the SEC adopted new rules to modernize mining property disclosure in reports filed with the SEC in order to harmonize
SEC disclosure requirements with international standards. These rules are not effective until the Company s first full fiscal year
beginning on or after January 1, 2021. The Company currently reports mineralized material and reserves in Canada in compliance with NI
43-101. Because the Company files its reports with the SEC on U.S. domestic forms, under the new rules, the Company will be required
to comply with the new SEC mining property disclosure requirements. These changes to the Company s reporting requirements could
result in increased compliance costs. 

General
Risks 

Our
business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations that have increased both our compliance costs
and the risk of noncompliance, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

We
are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulated organizations, including the
SEC, applicable securities regulatory authorities in Canada, the Canadian Securities Exchange, applicable Canadian authorities and the
Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements
have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. Our efforts to comply with
new regulations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

13 

We
are required to comply with Canadian securities regulations and are subject to additional regulatory scrutiny in Canada. 

We
are a reporting issuer in Canada. As a result, our disclosure outside the United States differs from the disclosure contained
in our SEC filings. Our reserve and resource estimates disseminated outside the United States are not directly comparable to those made
in filings subject to SEC reporting and disclosure requirements, as we generally report reserves and resources in accordance with Canadian
practices. These practices are different from the practices used to report reserve and resource estimates in reports and other materials
filed with the SEC. It is Canadian practice to report measured, indicated, and inferred resources, which are generally not permitted
in disclosures filed with the SEC. In the United States, mineralization may not be classified as a reserve unless the determination
has been made that the mineralization could be economically and legally produced or extracted at the time the reserve determination is
made. United States investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of measured or indicated resources will ever be converted
into reserves. Further, inferred resources have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence and as to whether they
can be mined legally or economically. Disclosure of contained ounces is permitted disclosure under Canadian regulations;
however, the SEC only permits issuers to report resources as in-place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures.
Accordingly, information concerning descriptions of mineralization, reserves, and resources contained in disclosures released outside
the United States may not be comparable to information made public by other United States companies subject to the reporting and disclosure
requirements of the SEC. 

We
are also subject to increased regulatory scrutiny and costs associated with complying with securities legislation in Canada. For example,
we are subject to civil liability for misrepresentations in written disclosure and oral statements. Legislation has been enacted in these
provinces which creates a right of action for damages against a reporting issuer, its directors and certain of its officers in the event
that the reporting issuer or a person with actual, implied, or apparent authority to act or speak on behalf of the reporting issuer releases
a document or makes a public oral statement that contains a misrepresentation or the reporting issuer fails to make timely disclosure
of a material change. We do not anticipate any particular regulation that would be difficult to comply with. However, failure to comply
with regulations may result in civil awards, fines, penalties, and orders that could have an adverse effect on us. 

Our
stock price may be volatile. 

The
stock market in general has experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public
company. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various
factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

changes
 in our industry; 

competitive
 pricing pressures; 

our
 ability to obtain working capital financing; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

limited
 public float in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack
 of sales could result in positive or negative pricing pressure on the market prices of our
 common stock; 

sales
 of our common stock; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

operating
 results that fall below expectations; 

loss
 of any strategic relationship; 

regulatory
 developments; 

economic
 and other external factors; and 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our financial results. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. 

We
have never paid nor do we expect in the near future to pay dividends. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable
future. Investors should not rely on an investment in our Company if they require income generated from dividends paid on our capital
stock. Any income derived from our common stock would only come from rise in the market price of our common stock, which is uncertain
and unpredictable. 

14 

Broker-dealers
may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares of common stock because they are considered a penny stock and are subject to
the penny stock rules. 

Our
shares of common stock are currently considered a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines penny
stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than
 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. The shares of common stock are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. 
The term accredited investor refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a
net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure
document in a form prepared by the SEC, which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny
stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation
of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock
held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must
be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before
or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for
the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect
of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the shares of common stock. Consequently, these penny stock rules
may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade in the shares of common stock. 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period,
under Rule 144, or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants or upon the conversion of our Series B Preferred Stock,
it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which the market price of our
common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult
our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity related securities in the future at a time and price that
we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

We
are dependent upon information technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation
and integration. 

We
are dependent upon information technology systems in the conduct of our operations. Our information technology systems are subject to
disruption, damage or failure from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber-attacks,
natural disasters and defects in design. Cybersecurity incidents, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious
software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems,
unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. Various measures have been implemented
to manage our risks related to information technology systems and network disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing,
nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could potentially be subject to operational delays, the compromising of confidential
or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems
and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive
position, financial condition or results of operations. 

15 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Technical
Report Summaries 

The
technical report for the Bullfrog Gold Project is the technical report summary, prepared pursuant to S-K 1300, entitled S-K 1300
Technical Report, Mineral Resource Estimate, Bullfrog Gold Project, Nye County, Nevada with an effective date of December 31,
2021, and an issue date of March 16, 2022 (the Bullfrog Technical Report ). 

The Bullfrog Technical Report was prepared by Forte Dynamics, Inc.
under the supervision of Russ Downer, P. Eng. and Adam House, MMSA QP, each of whom is a qualified person under S-K 1300 and NI 43-101. 

The
description of the Bullfrog Gold Project contained herein is based upon the Bullfrog Technical Report. 

The
technical report for the Reward Gold Project is the technical report summary, prepared pursuant to S-K 1300, entitled Mineral
Resource Estimate for the Reward Project, Nye County, Nevada with an effective date of May 31, 2022, and an issue date of June
29, 2022 (the Reward Technical Report ). 

The Reward Technical
Report was prepared by Michael Dufresne, M.Sc., P. Geol., P.Geo, and Timothy D. Scott, SME, each of whom is a qualified person under S-K
1300 and NI 43-101. 

The
description of the Reward Gold Project contained herein is based upon the Reward Technical Report. 

Summary
of Mineral Properties 

Augusta
Gold currently has interests in four gold exploration properties located in the state of Nevada, including the Bullfrog Gold Project
and the Reward Gold Project. Each of the properties are exploration stage properties with measured, indicated and inferred resources
but no known mineral reserves and our primary operations are exploring these properties to move them towards a development decision. 

Ownership
Interests 

At our Bullfrog Project,
 we have four option/lease/purchase agreements in place and, with the additional claims it has located, give it control of 734 unpatented
 lode mining claims and mill site claims, and 87 patented mining claims. The claims do not have an expiration date, as long as the
 fees and obligations are maintained. For additional details see Bullfrog Gold Project, Nye County Nevada Property
 Holdings below. 

At
our Reward Project, the project encompasses 123 unpatented Bureau of Land Management (BLM) placer and lode mining claims and six patented
placer mining claims, totalling approximately 2,333 net acres (944 hectares). Only the patented claims have been legally surveyed. Under
United States mining law, claims may be renewed annually for an unlimited number of years upon a small payment per claim (currently 155
per claim due to the BLM and an aggregate 1,502 due to Nye County) and the same claim status-whether lode or placer-may be used for
exploration or exploitation of the lodes or placers. 

Several
 blocks of unpatented claims are leased by CR Reward from underlying owners, and are referred to as Connolly, Webster, Orser-McFall
 and Van Meeteren leases. 

16 

In
total our options and leases cover 15,998 net acres in the aggregate, consisting of a mix of 93 patented mining claims, 857 unpatented
mining claims either leased with option to purchase, or joint ventured, and private property leases. 

Summary
Mineral Resources 

Summary
Mineral Resources at End of Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Measured mineral resources (koz) 
 Indicated mineral resources (koz) 
 Measured and indicated mineral resources (koz) 
 Inferred mineral resources (koz) 
 
 Gold 

United States (Nevada) 

Bullfrog Project 
 526.7 
 682.6 
 1,209.3 
 257.9 
 
 Reward Project 
 169.9 
 256.8 
 426.7 
 27.1 
 
 Total Gold 
 696.6 
 939.4 
 1636.0 
 285.0 

Silver 

United States (Nevada) 

Bullfrog Project 
 1309.1 
 1557.5 
 2866.6 
 515.7 
 
 Total Silver 
 1309.1 
 1557.5 
 2866.6 
 515.7 

Bullfrog
Gold Project, Nye County, Nevada 

Summary
Disclosure 

We
hold the Bullfrog Project through our wholly-owned subsidiaries Bullfrog Mines, Rocky Mountain Minerals Corp., a Nevada corporation RMMC and Standard Gold Corp., a Nevada corporation SGC ). 

Property
Location and Access 

The
Bullfrog Gold Project is located in the Bullfrog Hills of Nye County, Nevada and in the southern half of the Bullfrog Mining District
(Figure 1). Project properties are located in Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 14, 15, 16, 17, 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 35 and 36 of T11S, R46E
and Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, and 23 of T12S, R46E, Mt. Diablo Meridian. 

The
Bullfrog Gold Project is accessible via a 2 hour (120 mile) drive north of Las Vegas, Nevada on US Highway 95. Las Vegas, the
largest city in Nevada, is serviced by a major international airport, and has ample equipment, supplies and services to support many
of the project s needs. The project is 4 miles west of the Town of Beatty, Nevada via a paved highway. Beatty has a population
of approximately 1,000 and can provide basic housing, services, and supplies. Access around the project is by a series of reasonably
good gravel roads that extend to the open pit mines and most of the significant exploration areas. 

17 

Figure
1: Location Map 

Project
Stage 

The
Bullfrog Gold Project is an exploration stage property with measured, indicated and inferred mineral resources but no known mineral reserves. 

Mineral
Resources Estimates 

Mineral
resources utilize all new drilling through the end of 2021 in addition to updated geologic models and database improvements by the Company s
staff. Three-dimensional block models for each area (Bullfrog, Montgomery-Shoshone and Bonanza) were created using Vulcan software. Surfaces
and solids representing topography, overburden, geologic units, historic stope shapes and gold mineralization were incorporated into
the resource models. Resource estimates utilize drill hole, survey, analytical and bulk density information provided by the project personnel.
Gold and silver values have been given null values for all material that has been historically mined by both open pit and underground
methods. Bulk density has been adjusted for backfill material placed in the historical open pit and underground operations. 

18 

Mineral
resources are pit constrained using reasonable cost assumptions, however detailed costing and economic evaluations have not been performed.
The resources only consider mining mineralization and waste that will take place on lands controlled by the Company. Pit slope parameters
are based on the existing pit wall angles and vary by geology, depth and lateral extent. Different metallurgical recoveries were assigned
to oxide and sulphide material and used in the calculation of the optimized pit shells. 

Mineral
resources are reported inside optimized pit shells with Minemax software using high-level economic assumptions, geotechnical pit slope
parameters and property boundaries. Estimated mineral resources for the Bullfrog Project are being reported for the Bullfrog, Montgomery-Shoshone
and Bonanza areas, respectively. 

The
following table presents the combined global gold and silver mineral resources for the three areas, Bullfrog, Montgomery-Shoshone and
Bonanza, at the Bullfrog Gold Project. 

Bullfrog
Gold Project - Summary of Gold and Silver Mineral Resources at the End of the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Based on 1,550/oz.
Gold and 20/oz. Silver 

Combined Global Resources - Oxide and Sulphide 
 
 Classification 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Au grade (g/t) 
 Ag grade (g/t) 
 Au Contained (koz) 
 Ag Contained (koz) 
 
 Measured 
 30.13 
 0.544 
 1.35 
 526.68 
 1,309.13 
 
 Indicated 
 40.88 
 0.519 
 1.18 
 682.61 
 1,557.49 
 
 Measured and Indicated 
 71.01 
 0.530 
 1.26 
 1,209.29 
 2,866.62 
 
 Inferred 
 16.69 
 0.481 
 0.96 
 257.90 
 515.72 

Notes: 

1. Oxide
estimated Mineral Resources are reported within a pit shell using the Lerch Grossman algorithm, a gold price of US 1,550/oz and a recovery
of 82 for Au and silver price of US 20/oz and a recovery of 20 For Ag. 

2. Sulphide
estimated Mineral Resources are reported within a pit shell using the Lerch Grossman algorithm, a gold price of US 1,550/oz and a recovery
of 50 for Au and silver price of US 20/oz and a recovery of 12 for Ag. No sulphide material was reported for Montgomery-Shoshone or
Bonanza. 

3. Mining
costs for mineralized material and waste are US 2.25/tonne. 

4. Processing,
general and administration, and refining costs are US 5.00/tonne, US 0.50/tonne, and US 0.05/tonne respectively. 

5. Due
to rounding, some columns or rows may not compute as shown. 

6. Estimated
Mineral Resources are stated as in situ dry metric tonnes. 

7. The
estimate of Mineral Resources may be materially affected by legal, title, taxation, socio-political, marketing, or other relevant issues. 

19 

The
following tables present the gold and silver mineral resources for each of the three project areas, Bullfrog, Montgomery-Shoshone and
Bonanza. 

Bullfrog
Gold Project - Bullfrog Area, Gold and Silver Mineral Resources at the End of the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Based on 1,550/oz.
Gold and 20/oz. Silver 

Mineral Resources - Bullfrog 
 
 Redox 
 Classification 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Au grade (g/t) 
 Ag grade (g/t) 
 Au Contained (koz) 
 Ag Contained (koz) 

Measured 
 24.50 
 0.537 
 1.28 
 422.77 
 1,010.02 

Indicated 
 36.32 
 0.515 
 1.14 
 602.02 
 1,332.18 
 
 Oxide 
 Measured and Indicated 
 60.82 
 0.524 
 1.20 
 1,024.79 
 2,342.20 

Inferred 
 14.40 
 0.460 
 0.77 
 213.06 
 358.49 

Measured 
 1.30 
 0.710 
 1.28 
 29.77 
 53.52 

Indicated 
 1.99 
 0.625 
 1.32 
 39.94 
 84.47 
 
 Sulphide 
 Measured and Indicated 
 3.29 
 0.659 
 1.30 
 69.72 
 137.99 

Inferred 
 1.05 
 0.657 
 1.14 
 22.14 
 38.53 

Measured 
 25.80 
 0.545 
 1.28 
 452.55 
 1,063.54 

Indicated 
 38.31 
 0.521 
 1.15 
 641.96 
 1,416.65 
 
 Total - Oxide and Sulphide 
 Measured and Indicated 
 64.12 
 0.531 
 1.20 
 1,094.51 
 2,480.19 

Inferred 
 15.44 
 0.474 
 0.80 
 235.20 
 397.02 

Notes: 

1. Oxide
estimated Mineral Resources are reported within a pit shell using the Lerch Grossman algorithm, a gold price of US 1,550/oz and a recovery
of 82 for Au and silver price of US 20/oz and a recovery of 20 For Ag. 

2. Sulphide
estimated Mineral Resources are reported within a pit shell using the Lerch Grossman algorithm, a gold price of US 1,550/oz and a recovery
of 50 for Au and silver price of US 20/oz and a recovery of 12 for Ag. 

3. Mining
costs for mineralized material and waste are US 2.25/tonne. 

4. Processing,
general and administration, and refining costs are US 5.00/tonne, US 0.50/tonne, and US 0.05/tonne respectively. 

5. Due
to rounding, some columns or rows may not compute as shown. 

6. Estimated
Mineral Resources are stated as in situ dry metric tonnes. 

7. The
estimate of Mineral Resources may be materially affected by legal, title, taxation, socio-political, marketing, or other relevant issues. 

Bullfrog
Gold Project - Montgomery-Shoshone Area, Gold and Silver Mineral Resources at the End of the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Based
on 1,550/oz. Gold and 20/oz. Silver 

Mineral Resources - Montgomery-Shoshone 
 
 Redox 
 Classification 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Au grade (g/t) 
 Ag grade (g/t) 
 Au Contained (koz) 
 Ag Contained (koz) 

Measured 
 1.97 
 0.637 
 3.35 
 40.35 
 212.12 

Indicated 
 1.35 
 0.555 
 2.85 
 24.04 
 123.66 
 
 Oxide 
 Measured and Indicated 
 3.32 
 0.603 
 3.15 
 64.38 
 335.78 

Inferred 
 1.05 
 0.586 
 3.45 
 19.76 
 116.41 

Notes: 

1. Oxide
 estimated Mineral Resources are reported within a pit shell using the Lerch Grossman algorithm,
 a gold price of US 1,550/oz and a recovery of 82 for Au and silver price of US 20/oz and
 a recovery of 20 For Ag. 

2. Sulphide
 estimated Mineral Resources are reported within a pit shell using the Lerch Grossman algorithm,
 a gold price of US 1,550/oz and a recovery of 50 for Au and silver price of US 20/oz and
 a recovery of 12 for Ag. No sulphide material was reported for Montgomery-Shoshone. 

3. Mining
 costs for mineralized material and waste are US 2.25/tonne. 

4. Processing,
 general and administration, and refining costs are US 5.00/tonne, US 0.50/tonne, and US 0.05/tonne
 respectively. 

5. Due
 to rounding, some columns or rows may not compute as shown. 

6. Estimated
 Mineral Resources are stated as in situ dry metric tonnes. 

7. The
 estimate of Mineral Resources may be materially affected by legal, title, taxation, socio-political,
 marketing, or other relevant issues. 

20 

Bullfrog
Gold Project - Bonanza Area, Gold and Silver Mineral Resources at the End of the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Based on 1,550/oz.
Gold and 20/oz. Silver 

Mineral Resources - Bonanza 
 
 Redox 
 Classification 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Au grade (g/t) 
 Ag grade (g/t) 
 Au Contained (koz) 
 Ag Contained (koz) 

Measured 
 2.35 
 0.446 
 0.44 
 33.78 
 33.48 

Indicated 
 1.22 
 0.422 
 0.44 
 16.61 
 17.17 
 
 Oxide 
 Measured and Indicated 
 3.58 
 0.438 
 0.44 
 50.40 
 50.65 

Inferred 
 0.19 
 0.473 
 0.37 
 2.94 
 2.28 

Notes: 

1. Oxide
estimated Mineral Resources are reported within a pit shell using the Lerch Grossman algorithm, a gold price of US 1,550/oz and a recovery
of 82 for Au and silver price of US 20/oz and a recovery of 20 For Ag. 

2. Sulphide
estimated Mineral Resources are reported within a pit shell using the Lerch Grossman algorithm, a gold price of US 1,550/oz and a recovery
of 50 for Au and silver price of US 20/oz and a recovery of 12 for Ag. No sulphide material was reported for Bonanza. 

3. Mining
costs for mineralized material and waste are US 2.25/tonne. 

4. Processing,
general and administration, and refining costs are US 5.00/tonne, US 0.50/tonne, and US 0.05/tonne respectively. 

5. Due
to rounding, some columns or rows may not compute as shown. 

6. Estimated
Mineral Resources are stated as in situ dry metric tonnes. 

7. The
estimate of Mineral Resources may be materially affected by legal, title, taxation, socio-political, marketing, or other relevant issues 

In
each case above, Estimated Mineral Resources have not changed from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 due to the fact that Bullfrog
Gold Project is in the exploration stage and no new resources were added to the project through exploration activities in 2022. The material
assumptions underlying mineral resources as previously disclosed at December 31, 2021 remain current in all material respects. 

Property
Holdings 

We
have four option/lease/purchase agreements in place and, with the additional claims it has located, give it control of 734 unpatented
lode mining claims and mill site claims, and 87 patented mining claims. The claims do not have an expiration date, as long as the fees
and obligations are maintained. 

NPX
Assignment of Lands 

In
September 2011, we issued 14.4 million shares of the Company to the shareholders of SGC to acquire 100 of SGC and its assets. SGC is
a private Nevada corporation and now wholly owned by the Company. Concurrently, NPX Metals, Inc. NPX and Bull Frog Holding,
Inc. BHI assigned all title and interests in 79 claims and two patents to SGC. The Company granted a production royalty
of 3 NSR on the property to NPX and BHI, plus an aggregate 3 NSR cap on any acquired lands within one mile of the 2011 boundary. Thus,
NPX and BHI would not receive any royalty on acquisitions having a 3 or greater NSR. 

Mojave
Gold Option 

In
March 2014, we formed RMMC, a private Nevada corporation, as a wholly owned subsidiary, specifically for holding and acquiring assets.
On October 29, 2014, RMMC exercised an option to purchase from Mojave Gold Mining Co. 12 patents west and adjacent to our initial property
holdings and that cover the NE half of the M-S pit. Mojave was paid 750,000 shares of our common stock plus 16,000. RMMC agreed to make
annual payments totaling 180,000 over nine years to fully exercise the option, and expend as a minimum work commitment for the benefit
of the Property 100,000 per year and a total of 500,000 over five years on the properties and surrounding lands within one-half mile
of the 12 Mojave patents. Alternatively, RMMC can pay cash to Mojave at 50 of the difference between the minimum required and the actual
expenditures. Mojave retained a sliding scale Net Smelter Return royalty ranging from 1 for gold prices below 1,200/ounce and up to
4 for gold prices above 3,200 per ounce. 

21 

Lunar
Landing Lease 

On
July 1, 2017, RMMC entered a lease with Lunar Landing LLC on 24 patents in the Bullfrog District: 

Two
 patents are adjacent and west of the M-S pit that could allow potential expansion of the
 pit down dip of the Polaris vein and stock work system. 

Ten
 patents have provided the Company with contiguous and connecting lands between the M-S and
 Bullfrog pits. These patents will also allow further expansions of the Bullfrog pit to the
 north and east. 

Four
 patents are within 0.5 to 1.2 miles west of the Bullfrog pit in the vicinity of the Bonanza
 Mountain open pit mine. 

Eight
 patents are in an exploration target area located about 1.5 miles NW of the Bullfrog pit
 and where the Company has owned the Aurium patent since 2011. 

The
lease includes the following: 

The
 Company paid 26,000 on signing and is scheduled to annually pay 16,000 for years 2-5, 21,000
 for years 6-10, 25,000 for years 11-15, 30,000 for years 16-20, 40,000 for years 21-25
 and 45,000 for years 26-30. 

Production
 royalty of 5 net smelter returns with the right to buy-down to 2.5 . 

The
 Company is to expend as a work commitment not less than 50,000 per year and 500,000 in
 total to maintain the lease. 

The
 Company has rights to commingle ores and the flexibility to operate the Project as a logical
 land and mining unit. 

Brown
Claims 

On
January 29, 2018, RMMC purchased two patented claims (the Brown Claims ), thereby eliminating minor constraints to expand
the Bullfrog pit to the north. As partial consideration for the Brown Claims, RMMC granted the sellers of the Brown Claims a 5 net smelter
returns royalty on the Brown Claims, of which 2.5 can be purchased by RMMC for aggregate consideration of US 37,500. 

Barrick
Claims 

On
October 26, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of Bullfrog Mines pursuant to the MIPA with the Barrick Parties. 

Pursuant
to the MIPA, the Company purchased from the Barrick Parties all of the Equity Interests in Bullfrog Mines for aggregate consideration
of (i) 54,600,000 units of the Company, each unit consisting of one share of common stock of the Company and one four-year warrant purchase
one share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of C 0.30 (such number of units and exercise price are set out on a pre-Consolidation
basis), (ii) a 2 net smelter returns royalty (the Barrick Royalty granted on all minerals produced from all of the patented
and unpatented claims (subject to the adjustments set out below), pursuant to a royalty deed, dated October 26, 2020 by and among Bullfrog
Mines and the Barrick Parties (the Royalty Deed ), (iii) the Company granting indemnification to the Barrick Parties pursuant
to an indemnity deed, dated October 26, 2020 by and among the Company, the Barrick Parties and Bullfrog Mines, and (iv) certain investor
rights, including anti-dilution rights, pursuant to the investor rights agreement, dated October 26, 2020, among the Company, Augusta
Investments Inc., and Barrick. 

Through
the Company s acquisition of the Equity Interests, the Company acquired rights to the 1,500 acres of claims adjoining the Company s
Bullfrog Gold deposit. 

Pursuant
to the Royalty Deed, the Barrick Royalty is reduced to the extent necessary so that royalties burdening any individual parcel or claim
included in the Barrick Properties on October 26, 2020, inclusive of the Barrick Royalty, would not exceed 5.5 in the aggregate, provided
that the Barrick Royalty in respect of any parcel or claim would not be less than 0.5 , even if the royalties burdening a parcel or claim
included in the Barrick Properties would exceed 5.5 . 

Abitibi
Royalties Option 

On
December 9, 2020, Bullfrog Mines entered into a mining option agreement with Abitibi Royalties (USA) Inc. Abitibi granting
Bullfrog Mines the option (the Abitibi Option to acquire forty-three unpatented lode mining claims to the south of the
Bullfrog deposit. The Abitibi Option was amended on December 9, 2022, to extend the exercise deadline and to increase the last payment
amount required to exercise the option. Bullfrog Mines made an initial payment to Abitibi of C 25,000 and exercised the Abitibi Option
in full on January 30, 2023, by: 

Paying
 to Abitibi C 50,000 in cash before December 9, 2021; 

Paying
 to Abitibi C 78,750 in cash before January 30, 2023; and 

Granting
 to Abitibi a 2 net smelter royalty on the claims subject to the Abitibi Option on January
 30, 2023, of which Bullfrog Mines has the option to purchase 0.5 for C 500,000 on
 or before December 9, 2030. 

22 

Other
Property Holding Payments 

All
the unpatented lode mining claims are on U.S. public land administered by the Bureau of Land Management BLM and, therefore,
are subject to exploration and development permits as required by the several current regulations. The unpatented lode mining claims
require annual payments of 155 per claim to the BLM and 12 per claim to Nye County. 

Infrastructure 

Augusta
Gold maintains sufficient surface rights to support mining operations, including areas for potential waste disposal, tailings storage,
heap leach pads and potential mill sites. The Company recently located additional mining claims and is pursuing the acquisition of other
lands in the area. Most claim blocks are contiguous, and the water rights that Barrick held through Bullfrog Mines were indirectly acquired
by Augusta Gold as part of its acquisition of Bullfrog Mines. 

The
towns of Beatty, Pahrump and Tonopah in Nye County have populations that support mining operations in the area. 

Valley
Electric Association based in Pahrump, Nevada owns a 138 KV transmission line and a 24.9 KV distribution line that remain on-site and
serviced mining at the site previously. The substation connected to the 24.9 KV line remains on-site, but the transformers and switchgear
have been removed. Current monthly demand and energy rates are 3.75/kw and 0.12/kw-h, respectively. 

Pumping
from relatively shallow wells completed near the bottom of the Bullfrog pit is required to access deeper mineralization and could produce
most of the Project water needs. Water may also be available from Barrick s production wells located a few miles south of Highway
374, possibly from the Town of Beatty wellfield in Section 2, and to a limited extent from deepening the M-S pit. 

Geological
Setting, Mineralization, and Deposit Type 

The
Bullfrog Gold Project is in the southern Walker Lane trend within brittle upper-plate volcanic host rocks that were severely broken from
dominant detachment faulting and associated dip-slip and strike-slip displacements. Epithermal solutions permeated the broken host rocks
in the Montgomery-Shoshone (M-S) and Bullfrog deposits precipitating micron-sized and relatively high-grade gold (Au) within major quartz-calcite
veins and disseminated gold in associated stock-work veins. The veins contain gangue minerals other than quartz, such as calcite and
manganese oxides, the latter of which contributes associated silver (Ag) recoveries and gold. 

The
strike length of the Bullfrog mineralization is about 1,600 m, including the underground portion which accounts for about 600 m of the
strike length. True widths mined in the underground, where the ore cutoff was 3.0 g/t Au, typically average 5-10 m and local zones may
be as much as 15-20 m wide. The highest grades typically correlate with zones of black manganese-rich material, where much of the early
manganiferous calcite has been leached out, rendering the vein a rubble zone of quartz, calcite, and wad. Veins continue up dip and down
dip, but the gold grades and thicknesses diminish rapidly above and below these elevations. 

As
in the underground mine, the highest grades in the open pit were associated with veins and vein breccias along the MP fault and its immediate
hanging wall. Higher ore grades also occurred in veins along the UP fault, but widths were generally narrow. Zones of quartz stockwork
veins and breccia were developed between the MP and UP faults in intensely silicified and adularized wall rocks. The ore zone in the
hanging wall of the MP fault, was termed the upper stockwork zone (Jorgensen et al., 1989). Many of the stockwork veins are subparallel
in strike to the MP and UP faults, but dip more steeply. A zone of stockwork quartz veins also occurs in the footwall latite lavas (Tr1g)
immediately beneath the MP fault, but here the ore zone is usually 

In
most parts of the open pit, mineralized rock is truncated by the erosional surface and gravels. The ore zone thinned up-dip and only
a modest amount of ore was probably lost to erosion. Below the open pit, ore grade values persist. 

In
the Bullfrog mineralization, the high-grade zones do not comprise obvious discrete plunging ore shoots. Instead high-grade ore zones
are developed along the plane of the MP fault/vein, within 10-20 of the dip of the fault. The overall geometry of these zones is
that of elongate lenses in the plane of the fault, with long dimensions that strike roughly north-south at a low angle of plunge. The
highest gold grades roughly coincided with the oxidation-reduction boundary in the deposit and the pre-mining water table, and modest
localized supergene enrichment of precious metals near this boundary is suggested. 

The
gold deposits of the southern Bullfrog Hills are contained in epithermal quartz-calcite veins and stockworks. 

23 

Historical
Operations 

In
1904 the Original Bullfrog and Montgomery-Shoshone mines were discovered by local prospectors. Prospecting activity was widespread over
the Bullfrog Hills and encompassed a 200 square mile area but centered within a two-mile radius around the town of Rhyolite and included
part of the Company s property. The Montgomery-Shoshone mine reportedly produced about 67,000 ounces of gold averaging 0.47 gold
opt prior to its closure in 1911. The District produced about 94,000 ounces of gold prior to 1911. Mines in the District were sporadically
worked from 1911 through 1941, but the Company has no production records of such limited activities. 

The
Company s Providence lode mining claim designated by the Surveyor General as Survey No. 2470 was located in October 1904, surveyed
in April 1906, patented in May 1906 and recorded in Nye County Nevada in June 1908. The unpatented Lucky Queen claim is immediately east
and adjacent to the Providence patent and is believed to have been located in the same time period but was not patented. 

With
the rise of precious metal prices in the early 1970 s, the Bullfrog District again underwent intense prospecting and exploration activity
for gold as well as uranium. Companies exploring the area included Texas Gas Exploration, Inc., Phillips Uranium, Tenneco /Copper Range,
U.S. Borax, Western States Minerals, Rayrock, St. Joe American and successors Bond, Lac and Barrick Minerals, Noranda, Angst Mining Company,
Placer Dome, Lac-Sunshine Mining Company Joint Venture, Homestake, and others. In addition to these major companies, several junior mining
companies and individuals were involved as prospectors, promoters and owners. These scientific investigations yielded a new deposit model
for the gold deposits that were mined by others in the Bullfrog District. The identification and understanding of the detachment fault
system led to significant changes in exploration program techniques, focus, and success. 

In
1982 St. Joe American, Inc. initiated drilling in the Montgomery-Shoshone mine area. By 1986, sixty holes had been drilled and a mineral
inventory was defined. Subsequent drilling outlined a reported 2.9 million ounces of gold equivalent in the Bullfrog deposit. A series
of corporate takeovers transferred ownership from St. Joe, to Bond Gold, to Lac Minerals and eventually to Barrick Minerals. Production
started in 1989 and recovered approximately 200,000 ounces of gold annually from a conventional, 9,000 ton/day cyanidation mill mainly
fed from open pit operations and later supplemented with underground production. Barrick discontinued production operations in 1999 and
completed reclamation in 2003. Thereafter several groups continued exploration on a limited basis on some of the lands currently held
by the Company, but no reserves were ever defined by these companies on those portions of the Company s lands. 

Exploration
and Drilling 

The
Company s exploration activities to date have focused on the following: 

Exploration
 drilling, data acquisition and geologic modeling; 

Acquiring,
 organizing, digitizing and vetting electronic and paper data bases obtained from Barrick
 mainly related to drill data, metallurgy and project infrastructure; and 

Maintaining
 and expanding the land holdings. 

The
project drilling includes 1,311 holes, for a total of 263,757 meters completed between 1983 and early 2021. The holes were drilled using
both core and reverse circulation methods, as detailed in the drilling section of this report. 

24 

The
following table summarizes project drilling by year: 

Table
1: Project Drilling by Year 

Total Drilling 
 Coring 
 Reverse Circulation 
 
 Year 
 Holes 
 Meters 
 Holes 
 Meters 
 Holes 
 Meters 
 
 1983 
 6 
 975 
 6 
 975 
 0 
 0 
 
 1984 
 37 
 3,560 
 
 0 
 37 
 3,560 
 
 1985 
 3 
 303 
 
 0 
 3 
 303 
 
 1986 
 29 
 3,364 
 
 0 
 29 
 3,364 
 
 1987 
 163 
 29,479 
 3 
 732 
 163 
 28,747 
 
 1988 
 321 
 66,325 
 32 
 6,121 
 321 
 60,204 
 
 1989 
 71 
 12,285 
 
 0 
 71 
 12,285 
 
 1990 
 154 
 37,114 
 33 
 3,676 
 154 
 33,438 
 
 1991 
 79 
 22,954 
 42 
 3,627 
 79 
 19,327 
 
 1992 
 23 
 4,907 
 
 0 
 23 
 4,907 
 
 1993 
 9 
 387 
 
 0 
 9 
 387 
 
 1994 
 210 
 31,362 
 9 
 1,412 
 210 
 29,951 
 
 1995 
 99 
 22,370 
 3 
 248 
 99 
 22,122 
 
 1996 
 58 
 15,254 
 19 
 3,329 
 45 
 11,924 
 
 2020 
 26 
 4,405 
 1 
 502 
 25 
 3,903 
 
 2021 
 43 
 14,820 
 38 
 12,749 
 5 
 2,071 
 
 2022 
 6 
 2,596 
 6 
 2,596 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 1,337 
 272,460 
 192 
 35,967 
 1,273 
 236,493 

A
total of 69 drill holes, 30 reverse circulation (RC) and 39 core holes have been drilled by Augusta from 2020-2021. The purpose of the
drilling was to further define resources and the ultimate limits of the Bullfrog and Montgomery-Shoshone pits and gather data to support
advanced geotechnical and metallurgical studies. The 2020 program also fulfilled a final work commitment for the Company to purchase
a 100 interest in lands under lease from Barrick by mid-September 2020. Two holes were drilled at the Paradise Ridge target. 

Permitting 

Baseline
studies necessary to advance permitting are in progress. 

The
following outlines the general framework for permitting a mine in Nevada and the required permits. Many of the permits discussed herein
apply to the construction stage and are not currently being pursued. 

Exploration
activities on Federal mining claims on BLM lands requires a Notice of Intent (NOI) for exploration activities under five acres of disturbance
and a Plan of Operations for larger scale exploration activities. A Plan of Operations is also required with the Nevada Department of
Environmental Protection (NDEP) to fulfill the State of Nevada permitting obligations on private and public lands, respectively. Reclamation
bonds related to environmental liabilities need to be calculated and posted to cover activities on the Project. Additional permits and
bonding will be required for developing, constructing, operating, and reclaiming the Project. 

Additional
Baseline Studies will be required to update the historical studies completed by Barrick. This will include geochemistry, hydrologic studies
of the in-pit water and water in existing wells, plant, wildlife and threatened and endangered species surveys, meteorological information,
and cultural surveys: 

Water
 Pollution Control Permits (WPCP): The WPCP application must address the open pit, heap
 leach pad, mining activities and water management systems with respect to potentially degrading
 of the waters of Nevada. Sufficient engineering, design and modeling data must be included
 in the WPCP. A Tentative Permit Closure Plan must be submitted to the NDEP-BMRR in conjunction
 with the WPCP. A Final Permanent Closure Plan will be needed two years prior to Project closure. 

Air
 Quality: An application for a Class II Air Quality Permit must be prepared using Bureau
 of Air Pollution Control (BAPC) forms. The application must include descriptions of the facilities,
 a detailed emission inventory, plot plans, process flow diagrams and a fugitive dust control
 plan for construction and operation of the Project. A Mercury Operating Permit and a Title
 V Operating permit will also be necessary for processing loaded carbon or electro-winning
 precipitates. 

Water
 Right: Additional water rights will need to be acquired from third parties or obtained
 from the Nevada Division of Water Resources (NDWR) for producing Project water. 

Industrial
 Artificial Pond : Water storage ponds, which are part of the water management systems,
 will require Industrial Artificial Pond permits (IAPP) from the Nevada Department of wildlife.
 Approval from the Nevada State Engineer s Office is also required if embankments exceed
 specified heights. 

25 

Additional
minor permits will be required for the project to advance to production and are listed in Table 8. 

Table
8: Additional Minor Permits Required 

Notification/Permit 
 
 Agency 
 
 Mine
 Registry 
 
 Nevada
 Division of Minerals 
 
 Mine
 Opening Notification 
 
 State
 Inspector of Mines 
 
 Solid
 Waste Landfill 
 
 Nevada
 Bureau of Waste Management 
 
 Hazardous
 Waste Management Permit 
 
 Nevada
 Bureau of Waste Management 
 
 General
 Storm Water Permit 
 
 Nevada
 Bureau of Water Pollution Control 
 
 Hazardous
 Materials Permit 
 
 State
 Fire Marshall 
 
 Fire
 and Life Safety 
 
 State
 Fire Marshall 
 
 Explosives
 Permit 
 
 Bureau
 of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms Explosives 
 
 Notification
 of Commencement of Operation 
 
 Mine
 Safety and Health Administration 
 
 Radio
 License 
 
 Federal
 Communications Commission 
 
 Public
 Water Supply Permit 
 
 NV
 Division of Environmental Protection 
 
 MSHA
 Identification Number and MSHA Coordination 
 
 U.S.
 Department of Labor Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) 
 
 Septic
 Tank 
 
 NDEP-Bureau
 of Water Pollution Control 
 
 Petroleum
 Contaminated Soils 
 
 NV
 Division of Environmental Protection 

2023
Project Exploration Plans 

Subject
to funding, the Company s focus in 2023 for exploration at the Bullfrog Gold Project is drilling at the Gap Target, an epithermal
lithocap at the northern end of the Bullfrog land package, as well as continued support of ongoing permitting and engineering work. 

Reward
Gold Project, Nye County, Nevada 

Property
Location and Access 

The
Reward Gold Project (the Project or Reward Project is situated about 11.3 km (7 miles) south-southeast of
the town of Beatty, NV about 3.2 km (2 miles) east of US Highway 95 in Nye County (Figure 1). The Project can be accessed from Beatty
by paved road on Highway 95 followed by traveling two miles east on a gravel road. Several dirt roads diverge into various canyons of
the Bare Mountains. The Project area lies within Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 9, 10, 11 and 16 of Township 13 South, Range 47 East and Sections
33, 34, and 35 of Township 12 South, Range 47 East, all referred to the Mount Diablo Baseline and Meridian. The Project can be accessed
from Beatty by paved road on Highway 95 followed by traveling two miles east on a gravel road. Several dirt roads diverge into various
canyons of the Bare Mountains. 

Project
Stage 

The
Project is an exploration stage property with measured, indicated and inferred mineral resources but no known mineral reserves. 

26 

Mineral
Resource Estimates 

Mineral
Resources were classified using a combination of assessment of geological confidence, data quality and grade continuity. Reasonable prospects
of eventual economic extraction were considered by constraining the estimate within a conceptual pit shell that used the assumptions
in Table 9. 

Table
9. Reward Conceptual Open Pit Parameters. 

Parameter 
 Unit (Imperial) 
 Cost (Imperial) 
 Unit (Metric) 
 Cost (Metric) 
 
 Gold Price 
 US /oz 
 1,700 
 US /g 
 54.656 
 
 Gold Metallurgical Recovery 
 
 80 
 
 80 
 
 Pit Wall Angles 
 
 48-58 
 
 48-58 
 
 Mining Cost 
 US /st 
 2.00 
 US /tonne 
 2.20 
 
 Processing Rate 
 Mst/a 
 3 
 Mtonne/a 
 2.7 
 
 Processing Cost 
 US /st 
 5.50 
 US /tonne 
 6.06 
 
 G A Cost 
 US /st 
 0.75 
 US /tonne 
 0.80 
 
 Cut-off Grade (break even) 
 oz/st 
 0.0047 
 g/tonne 
 0.158 
 
 Royalty 
 
 3 
 
 3 

The
Mineral Resource Estimate for the Reward Project is presented in Table 10 below. 

Table
10. Reward Project Mineral Resource Estimate at December 31, 2022 Based on USD 1,700/oz. Au 

Classification 
 Tonnage (Mt) 
 Average Grade (g/t) 
 Contained Au (koz) 
 
 Good Hope 

Measured 
 6.19 
 0.86 
 169.9 
 
 Indicated 
 10.76 
 0.69 
 240.0 
 
 M I Total 
 16.94 
 0.75 
 409.9 
 
 Inferred 
 0.29 
 0.56 
 5.3 
 
 Gold Ace 

Indicated 
 0.83 
 0.63 
 16.8 
 
 Inferred 
 1.03 
 0.73 
 21.8 
 
 Reward (Combined Good Hope and Gold Ace) 

Measured 
 6.19 
 0.86 
 169.9 
 
 Indicated 
 11.58 
 0.69 
 256.8 
 
 M I Total 
 17.77 
 0.75 
 426.7 
 
 Inferred 
 1.23 
 0.68 
 27.1 

Notes: 

1. Oxide
estimated Mineral Resources are reported within a pit shell using the Lerch Grossman algorithm, a gold price of US 1,700/oz and a recovery
of 80 for Au were utilized. 

2. Mining
costs for mineralized material and waste are US 2.20/tonne. 

3. Processing
and general and administration are US 6.06/tonne and US 0.83/tonne per tonne processed, respectively. 

4. Due
to rounding, some columns or rows may not compute as shown. 

5. Estimated
Mineral Resources are stated as in situ dry metric tonnes and are partially diluted. 

6. The
estimate of Mineral Resources may be materially affected by legal, title, taxation, socio-political, marketing, or other relevant issues. 

7. The
effective date of the Reward mineral resource estimate is December 31, 2022. 

27 

Estimated
Mineral Resources have not changed from May 22, 2022 (the date estimates were initially reported to the Commission in the Company Current
Report on Form 8-K dated July 7, 2022) to December 31, 2022 due to the fact that the Reward Gold Project is in the exploration stage
and no new resources were added to the project through exploration activities in the remainder of 2022. The material assumptions underlying
mineral resources as previously disclosed at May 31, 2022 remain current in all material respects. 

Property
Holdings 

The
Project area lies within Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 9, 10, 11 and 16 of Township 13 South, Range 47 East and Sections 33, 34, and 35 of Township
12 South, Range 47 East, all referred to the Mount Diablo Baseline and Meridian. 

Canyon
Resources Corporation (Canyon Resources) holds a 100 interest in the mineral claims that form the Project. In 2008, Canyon Resources
assigned all of the patented and unpatented claims comprising the Project to an entity which was subsequently converted into CR Reward. 

The
Project encompasses 123 unpatented Bureau of Land Management (BLM) placer and lode mining claims and six patented placer mining claims,
totalling approximately 2,333 net acres (944 hectares). Only the patented claims have been legally surveyed. Under United States mining
law, claims may be renewed annually for an unlimited number of years upon a small payment per claim (currently 155 per claim due to
the BLM and an aggregate 1,502 due to Nye County) and the same claim status-whether lode or placer-may be used for exploration or exploitation
of the lodes or placers. 

Several
blocks of unpatented claims are leased by CR Reward from underlying owners, and are referred to as Connolly, Webster, Orser-McFall and
Van Meeteren leases. 

Connolly
Lease 

This
lease agreement (the Connolly Lease), effective as of September 28 th , 2004, covers a two-third interest in each of the Sunshine
and Reward unpatented lode claims (collectively, the Connolly Claims). The Connolly Lease is for an initial term of 20 years and continues
so long thereafter as the Project remains in commercial production. A 3 NSR royalty is payable on any minerals mined from the Connolly
Claims, but is reduced to 2 due to the fact that CR Reward only owns a two-third interest in the Connolly Claims. Annual advance minimum
royalty payments are payable under the Connolly Lease in an amount equal to 10,000 per year. These annual advance minimum royalty payments
shall be applied toward, credited against and fully deductible from earned mineral production royalty payments due from the Connolly
Claims. 

Webster
Lease 

This
lease agreement (the Webster lease), effective as of November 9, 2004 (as amended on November 9 th , 2004 and November 8 th ,
2006), covers a one-third interest in each of the Sunshine and Reward unpatented lode claims and a half interest in the Good Hope unpatented
lode claim (collectively, the Webster Claims). The Webster Lease is for an initial term of 20 years and continues so long thereafter
as the Project remains in commercial production. A 3 NSR royalty is payable on any minerals mined from the Webster Claims, but is (i)
reduced to 1 on the Sunshine and Reward claims due to the fact that the lessee only owns a one-third interest, and (ii) reduced to 1.5 
on the Good Hope claim due to the fact that CR Reward only owns a half interest in this claim. Annual advance minimum royalty payments
are payable under the Webster Lease in an amount equal to 7,500 per year. The annual advance minimum royalty payments paid in any given
year may be applied toward, credited against and fully deductible from any earned mineral production royalty payments due on the Webster
Claims during the calendar year in which such annual advance minimum royalty payments are due. 

Orser-McFall
Lease 

This
lease agreement (the Orser-McFall Lease), effective as of February 5, 2005 (as amended on August 18 th , 2005 and November 14 th ,
2006), applies to 12 unpatented lode and six unpatented placer mining claims (collectively, the Orser-McFall Claims). The Orser-McFall
Lease is for an initial term of 20 years and continues so long thereafter as the Project remains in commercial production. The lessors
under the Orser-McFall Lease own 100 of the Orser-McFall Claims, except for the Good Hope claim, in which they own a half interest (the
other half being owned by the Daniel D. Webster Living Trust and leased to CR Reward pursuant to the Webster Lease). A 3 NSR royalty
is payable on minerals mined from the Orser-McFall Claims, but is reduced to 1.5 on the Good Hope claim due to the fact that the lessee
only owns a half interest in that claim. Annual advance minimum royalty payments are payable under the Orser-McFall Lease in an amount
equal to 20,000 per year. These annual advance minimum royalty payments shall be applied toward, credited against and fully deductible
from earned mineral production royalty payments due from the Orser-McFall Claims. 

28 

Van
Meeteren et al Lease 

This
lease agreement (the Van Meeteren Lease), effect as of December 1 st , 2011 (applies to the Double RS and the Durlers Hope unpatented
placer claims (the Van Meeteren Claims). The Van Meeteren Lease is for an initial term of 20 years and continues so long thereafter as
the Project remains in commercial production or CR Reward is actively conducting exploration, development, reclamation or remediation
operations. A 3 NSR royalty is payable on minerals mined from the Van Meeteren Claims. Annual advance minimum royalty payments are payable
under the Van Meeteren Lease in an amount equal to 15/acre from 2011 through 2020, for a total of 1,800 per year, and 20/acre from
and after 2021, for a total of 2,400 per year. These annual advance minimum royal payments are recoupable from earned mineral production
royalties. All payments described above have been timely paid by CR Reward and its predecessor and the agreements are all in good standing. 

The
Project area mainly consists of Federal public domain lands administered by the BLM. There are no State or private tracts within the
Project area, except the six patented claims owned by CR Reward, all of which carry surface and mineral rights ownership. 

The
Project is not subject to any other back-in rights payments, agreements or encumbrances. 

CR
Reward has the right to use 391,494 m3 (317.39 acre-ft) of water annually under Application No. 61412, Certificate No. 16384 and Permit
No. 76390. 

The
Amargosa River basin is an enclosed basin, and the water rights are thus not affected by the Colorado River Compact or other agreements. 

Infrastructure 

The
Project is located seven miles by road southeast of Beatty, a town of approximately 1,000 people that serves as a transit hub and service
centre for travellers between Las Vegas and Reno, and those going to Death Valley. Several motels and restaurants, gas stations, a post
office, and several small stores provide basic services. 

The
Project is currently serviced by an existing 14.4/24.9 kV power line owned and operated by Valley Electric. A water well currently provides
water for exploration activities. 

Project
employees would likely be recruited from the local area, including the communities of Beatty, Amargosa, and Pahrump, located within Nye
County, and the regional urban centre of Las Vegas, located within Clark County. There is available nearby accommodation to the Project
site in Beatty and other smaller communities 

The
Project has sufficient land area, with adjacent public-domain lands also potentially available, to allow mine development, including
space for the mining operations, waste rock disposal facilities (WRDs), heap leach pads and processing plants. 

Geological
Setting, Mineralization and Deposit Type 

Mineralization
in the Good Hope Deposit and Golden Ace Zone can be classified as examples of a structurally controlled, locally disseminated, sediment
hosted, mesothermal quartz vein gold deposit. 

The
Project is hosted within the Bare Mountain Complex which lies within an intricate tectonic setting of the Nevada Basin and Range Province. 

29 

The
Bare Mountain Complex consist of up to 6,096 m (20,000 ft) of Upper Proterozoic to Paleozoic marine sedimentary rocks in the lower plate
that have been juxtaposed against Miocene silicic volcanic sequences in the upper plate. The lower plate units were deformed through
folding, thrust faulting, low and high angle normal faulting during a Mesozoic compression event, and have been metamorphosed from lower
amphibolite to sub-greenschist grade. Two dominant normal fault sets have been mapped in the lower plate, including the moderately east-dipping
Bare Mountain and Gold Ace faults, and shallowly southeast-dipping faults that cut or curve into east-dipping faults. 

The
Project is located on the southwestern flank of the Bare Mountain Complex and is underlain by moderately-deformed marine clastic and
carbonate rocks of Late Proterozoic and Late Cambrian age that have been metamorphosed to greenschist grade. Tertiary and younger alluvium
cover the lower slopes and the adjacent Armagosa Valley to the south and west. The east-dipping Gold Ace fault, locally termed the Good
Hope fault zone, separates northeast dipping Late Proterozoic to Early Cambrian units in the footwall block from Middle to Late Cambrian
units in the hanging wall block. 

The
gold mineralization in the Good Hope Deposit is spatially associated with, and along, the Good Hope fault zone, and is primarily hosted
in altered and veined Wood Canyon Formation, and to a lesser extent, in the Juhl and Sutton Members of the Stirling Formation. Mineralization
hosted along the contact between the Sutton and Morris Marble Members of the Stirling Formation is referred to as the Gold Ace Zone.
Although there are small historic prospects along the Good Hope fault zone, most of the historic production came from the Gold Ace Zone. 

Historical
Operations 

Historical
exploration of the Project was completed by several other companies from 1976 to 2004, including Galli Exploration Associates (Galli
Exploration), Teco Inc. (Teco), St. Joe Minerals Corporation (St Joe), Gexa Gold Corp (Gexa), Cloverleaf Gold Inc. (Cloverleaf), Homestake
Mining Company (Homestake), Pathfinder Gold Corporation (Pathfinder), Bond Gold Exploration Inc. (Bond Gold), Barrick, US Nevada Gold
Search (USNGS), Rayrock Mines, Inc (Rayrock), Glamis Gold, Ltd. (Glamis Gold), and Marigold Mining Company (Marigold Mining). Historical
exploration included airborne geophysics, reverse circulation (RC) and core drilling, initial metallurgical testwork, mineral resource
estimates and technical studies. 

Canyon
Resources acquired the Project in 2004, and together with Atna Resources Ltd. (Atna) and CR Reward, have completed data compilation and
validation, ground induced polarization/resistivity geophysical surveys, RC and core drilling, mineral resource and mineral reserve estimates,
metallurgical testwork, permitting studies, environmental baseline studies, and technical studies. The following permits and authorizations
were granted to CR Reward in 2007: 

Plan
of Operations authorized under N-82840. 

Water
Pollution Control Permit (WPCP); WPCP NEV2007101. 

General
construction permit; NVR100000 CSW-17415. 

Water
rights permitted by Nevada Division of Water Resources (NDWR) under Mining, Milling, Domestic permit 76390. 

Mining
reclamation permit granted by the Bureau of Mining Regulation and Reclamation (BMRR) under mine site permit #0300. 

Nevada
Bureau of Air Pollution Control (BAPC) authorized Class II Air Quality permit AP1041-2492. 

Permitting 

The
current Project area includes public and private lands within Nye County, Nevada. The Project, therefore, falls under the jurisdiction
and permitting requirements of Nye County, the State of Nevada (primarily the BMRR) and the BLM. 

30 

The
following permits and authorizations were granted to CR Reward: 

Plan
of Operations authorized under N-82840. 

Water
Pollution Control Permit (WPCP); WPCP NEV2007101. 

Water
rights permitted by Nevada Division of Water Resources (NDWR) under Mining, Milling, Domestic permit 76390 and permit 89658. 

Mining
reclamation permit granted by the Bureau of Mining Regulation and Reclamation (BMRR) under mine site permit #0300. 

Nevada
Bureau of Air Pollution Control (BAPC) authorized Class II Air Quality permit AP1041-2492. 

The
reader is referred to Evans et al. (2019) for additional information regarding permitting considerations for mining activities at the
Project. Regarding exploration activities, during early phases of exploration, when surface disturbance is generally limited, authorization
from the BLM is conditionally granted under a notice (40 CFR 3890.21). There are currently no exploration notices associated with
the Project and none are likely to be granted given the Project has a mine plan of operations (MPO) that was granted in 2020. 

2023
Project Exploration Plans 

Subject
to funding, the Company s focus in 2023 for exploration at the Reward Project is expanding the resource down-dip, and performing
infill drilling where there are gaps in the current resource model. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
know of no material, active or pending legal proceedings against the Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding
or pending litigation, nor is our property the subject of any material legal proceedings. There are no proceedings in which any of our
directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse
to our interest. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Pursuant
to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act, issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other
mine in the United States are required to disclose specified information about mine health and safety in their periodic reports. These
reporting requirements are based on the safety and health requirements applicable to mines under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act
of 1977 (the Mine Act which is administered by the U.S. Department of Labor s Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ). During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, none of the Company s or its subsidiaries properties
or projects was subject to regulation by MSHA under the Mine Act and thus no disclosure is required under Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank
Act. 

31 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock is quoted for trading on the OTCQB under the symbol AUGG and in traded on the Toronto Stock
Exchange (or TSX) under the symbol G . Over-the-counter market quotations on the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

As at March 14, 2023, there were 85,929,753 Common Shares issued and
outstanding, and the Company had approximately 85 shareholders of record. On March 14, 2023, the closing price of the shares of common
stock as reported by the Toronto Stock Exchange was C 1.20 and as quoted on OTCQB was 0.89. 

Dividend
Policy 

The
Company has not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

All
unregistered sales of equity securities by the Company were previously reported on Form 8-K. 

Recent
Repurchases of Securities 

None. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
September 30, 2011, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. The 2011 Equity Incentive Plan reserves
750,000 shares of common stock for grant to directors, officers, consultants, advisors or employees of the Company. There was a total
of 750,000 options granted from the 2011 Plan in March 2015 (the March 2015 Options ), with no outstanding options as of
December 31, 2022. 

On
December 1, 2017, our Board of Directors adopted the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The 2017 Equity Incentive Plan reserves 2,300,000 shares
of common stock for grant to directors, officers, consultants, advisors or employees of the Company. There was a total of 675,000 options
granted from the 2017 Plan in December 2017 (the December 2017 Options ), with 225,002 outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

On
February 22, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors
 approved a new stock option plan (the Plan ).
The aggregate number of shares of common stock of the Company (a Share that
may be reserved for issuance pursuant to the Plan shall not exceed 10 of the number of Shares issued and outstanding from time to time.
The Company granted 5,825,000 options to officers, directors and employees of the Company in February 2021, 500,000 on August 30, 2021,
350,000 options on June 9, 2022, and 100,000 options on August 8, 2022, with 4,975,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

32 

The
following table sets forth equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be
Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (column a) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise 
Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (column b) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 225,002 
 0.86 
 0 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 4,975,000 
 1.48 
 3,442,973 
 
 Total 
 5,200,002 
 1.45 
 3,442,973 

Note:
C converted to US based on an exchange rate of C 1.00/US 0.7383. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the two years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, and the related notes thereto, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States U.S. GAAP ). This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as
a result of many factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under the section heading Item 1A. Risk Factors 
above and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See section heading Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
above. 

Results
of Operations 

Twelve
Months Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to December 31, 2021 

Twelve Months Ended 

12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 
 Operating expenses 

General and administrative 
 5,087,128 
 4,664,565 
 
 Lease expense 
 21,000 
 16,000 
 
 Exploration, evaluation and project expense 
 5,739,534 
 7,909,333 
 
 Accretion expense 
 77,941 
 24,749 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 44,057 
 44,057 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 10,969,660 
 12,658,704 

Net operating loss 
 (10,969,660 
 (12,658,704 

Revaluation of warrant liability 
 (7,852,349 
 15,857,500 
 
 Interest expense 
 (721,924 
 0 
 
 Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) 
 (176,279 
 253,236 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (19,720,212 
 3,452,032 

33 

For
the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, the Company increased general and administrative expenses by approximately 422,000. The
increase was due to the following year over year variances: 

Twelve months ending 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 Variance 
 
 Accounting fees 
 309,000 
 257,000 
 52,000 
 
 Legal and other professional fees 
 1,397,000 
 500,000 
 897,000 
 
 Marketing expense 
 50,000 
 87,000 
 (37,000 
 
 Payroll 
 677,000 
 1,548,000 
 (871,000 
 
 Corporate expenses rent 
 176,000 
 273,000 
 (97,000 
 
 Share based compensation 
 2,164,000 
 1,560,000 
 604,000 
 
 Insurance 
 162,000 
 121,000 
 41,000 
 
 Stock exchange fees 
 132,000 
 239,000 
 (107,000 
 
 Other general expenses 
 20,000 
 80,000 
 (60,000 
 
 Total 
 5,087,000 
 4,665,000 
 422,000 

Accounting
 fees increase resulted from higher costs for review procedures along with additional consulting
 fees needed for required regulatory filings and tax compliance. Management believes these
 increased costs will continue in future fiscal periods. 

Legal
 fees and professional fees increased due to a legal agreement that was finalized in June
 2022 along with professional consulting fees and an increase in franchise tax fees and other
 expenses. Management does believe that legal costs will be higher than prior periods moving
 forward due to the Company s increased compliance costs and the implementation of regulatory
 changes in relation to property disclosure requirements in our filings with the SEC. 

Marketing
 expense was lower as 2021 had additional amounts that were used for company and shareholder
 awareness projects . 

The
 majority of payroll and corporate expenses was from the Company s agreement to share
 office space, equipment, personnel, consultants and various administrative
 services for the Company s head office located in Vancouver, BC Canada. Management
 expects payroll costs to increase in 2023 due to increased personnel and consultants added
 in the prior six months that will be retained moving forward. 

The
 Company granted options to officers, directors and employees of the Company pursuant to the
 terms of the Company s Stock Option Plan; 4,041,667 in the first quarter 2021 (adjusted
 for 1,783,333 canceled options); 500,000 in the third quarter 2021; 350,000 in the second
 quarter 2022; and 100,000 in the third quarter 2022 . 

Stock
 exchange fee variance is a result of the initial listing fee paid to the TSX in April 2021.
 Annual exchange fees will continue. 

For
the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, there was a variance 2,169,000 for the same period in 2021 in exploration and evaluation
expenses. The increase was due to the following year over year variances : 

Twelve months ending 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 Variance 
 
 Drilling 
 1,572,000 
 3,992,000 
 (2,420,000 
 
 Consultants/Contractors 
 2,607,000 
 1,670,000 
 937,000 
 
 Supplies and equipment 
 382,000 
 743,000 
 (361,000 
 
 Assay 
 84,000 
 543,000 
 (459,000 
 
 Water haulage 
 0 
 389,000 
 (389,000 
 
 Overhead and payroll 
 778,000 
 298,000 
 480,000 
 
 Permits and fees 
 291,000 
 268,000 
 23,000 
 
 Other 
 26,000 
 6,000 
 20,000 
 
 Total 
 5,740,000 
 7,909,000 
 (2,169,000 

In
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company continued with test work on metallurgical drill core samples from the Bullfrog deposit. 
Preparation of a technical report for the Reward project continued. 

34 

The revaluation of the warrant liability is based on the following
warrants issued: 

Issue Date 
 Expiration Date 
 Warrants Issued 
 Exercise Price 
 
 October 2020 
 October 2024 
 18,333,333 
 C 1.80 
 
 March 2021 
 March 2024 
 3,777,784 
 C 2.80 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company has no revenue generating operations
from which it can internally generate funds. To date, the Company s ongoing operations have been financed by the sale of its equity
securities by way of public offerings, private placements and the exercise of incentive stock options and share purchase warrants. The
Company believes that it will be able to secure additional private placements and public financings in the future, although it cannot
predict the size or pricing of any such financings. This situation is unlikely to change until such time as the Company can develop a
bankable feasibility study on one of its projects. 

On March 4, 2021, the
Company issued 7,555,556 units pursuant to a private placement at a price of C 2.25 per unit for gross proceeds of C 17 million, each
unit comprised of one share of common stock of the Company and one half of one common stock purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles
the holder to acquire one share of common stock at an exercise price of C 2.80 per share for a period of three years from the date of
issuance. Finders fees of C 450,000 were paid in connection with the private placement. 

On January 20, 2023, the Company announced that
it had closed a bought deal offering of units of Augusta Gold (the Units for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately
C 11.5 million, including the full exercise of the over-allotment option in the amount of C 1.5 million. Pursuant to the Offering, a total
of 6,725,147 Units were sold at a price of C 1.71 per Unit. Each Unit was comprised of one share of the Company s common stock and
one-half of one common stock purchase warrant (each whole common stock purchase warrant, a Warrant ). Each Warrant
entitles the holder to acquire one share of the Company s common stock at a price of C 2.30 until January 20, 2026. 

Liquidity 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total
liquidity of 333,000 in cash and cash equivalents. The Company had negative working capital of 26,141,000 and an accumulated deficit
of 39,894,000. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company had negative operating cash flows before changes in working
capital of 9,582,000 and a net loss of 19,720,000. 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had total
liquidity of 19,582,000 in cash and cash equivalents. The Company had working capital of 18,530,000 and an accumulated deficit of 20,174,000.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company had negative operating cash flows before changes in working capital of 10,776,000
and a net income of 3,452,000. 

The Company
expects that it will operate at a loss for the foreseeable future and believes the current cash and cash equivalents and working capital
will be sufficient for it to maintain its currently held properties, fund its planned exploration, and fund its currently anticipated
general and administrative costs for at least the next 12 months from the date of this report. However, the Company does expect that it
will be required to raise additional funds through public or private equity financings in the future in order to continue in business
in the future past the immediate 12-month period. Should such financing not be available in that time-frame, the Company will be required
to reduce its activities and will not be able to carry out all of its presently planned exploration and, if warranted, development activities
on its currently anticipated scheduling. 

Capital Management 

The Company s objectives when managing capital
are to safeguard the Company s ability to continue as a going concern in order to pursue the development and exploration of its
mineral properties and to maintain a flexible capital structure, which optimizes the costs of capital to an acceptable risk. 

As of December 31, 2022, the capital structure
of the Company consists of 79,204,606 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001. The Company manages the capital structure and adjusts
it in response to changes in economic conditions, its expected funding requirements, and risk characteristics of the underlying assets.
The Company s funding requirements are based on cash forecasts. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company
may issue new debt, new shares and/or consider strategic alliances. Management reviews its capital management approach on a regular basis.
The Company is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. 

35 

Contractual obligations and commitments 

The Company s contractual obligations and
commitments as of December 31, 2022, and their approximate timing of payment are as follows: 

5 years 
 Total 
 
 Leases 
 116,557 
 150,594 
 50,000 
 650,000 
 967,151 
 
 Capital Expenditure 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 30,000 

146,557 
 150,594 
 50,000 
 650,000 
 997,151 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not engage in any activities involving variable
interest entities or off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

Stock based compensation is measured at grant
date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the employee s requisite service period. We estimate
the fair value of each stock option as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The Company determines the expected
life based on historical experience with similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms, vesting schedules and post-vesting
forfeitures. The Company uses the risk-free interest rate on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent
remaining term approximately equal to the expected life of the award. The Company has never paid any cash dividends on its common stock
and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Mineral property exploration costs are expensed
as incurred until such time as economic reserves are quantified. To date, the Company has not established any proven or probable reserves
on its mineral properties. Costs of lease, exploration, carrying and retaining unproven mineral lease properties are expensed as incurred.
The Company has chosen to expense all mineral exploration costs as incurred given that it is still in the exploration stage. Once the
Company has identified proven and probable reserves in its investigation of its properties and upon development of a plan for operating
a mine, it would enter the development stage and capitalize future costs until production is established. When a property reaches the
production stage, the related capitalized costs will be amortized over the estimated life of the probable-proven reserves. When the Company
has capitalized mineral properties, these properties will be periodically assessed for impairment of value and any diminution in value.
To date, the Company has not established the commercial feasibility of any exploration prospects; therefore, all exploration costs are
being expensed. Costs of property acquisitions are being capitalized, and a required payment of 20,000 was made in 2018 to Mojave Gold
Mining Corporation Mojave as part of the Option to Purchase Agreement Option ). 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Our financial statements appear beginning at page
F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls ), as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

36 

Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls
and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and (ii) that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating
our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in
evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 

Our management does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system
must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can
be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon
certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

With respect to the fiscal year ending December
31, 2022, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our Disclosure Controls
were effective as of December 31, 2021. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 and determined
that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was
not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, which permanently exempts non-accelerated filers from complying with Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There have not been any changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter
ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 

Not Applicable. 

37 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following persons are our executive officers
and directors and hold the positions set forth opposite their respective names. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Richard Warke 
 
 63 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 John Boehner 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 Daniel Earle 
 
 42 
 
 Director 
 
 Poonam Puri 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 Lenard Boggio 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Donald R. Taylor 
 
 66 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Michael McClelland 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Purni Parikh 
 
 53 
 
 Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Corporate Secretary 
 
 Johnny Pappas 
 
 63 
 
 Vice President, Environmental Permitting 
 
 Jim Wickens 
 
 58 
 
 Vice President, Operations 
 
 Tom Ladner 
 
 33 
 
 Vice President, Legal 

Richard Warke (appointed January 7, 2021) 

Executive Chairman 

Richard Warke is a Vancouver-based Canadian business
executive with more than 35 years of experience in the international resource sector. In 2005, Mr. Warke founded the Augusta Group of
Companies which has an unrivaled track record of value creation in the mining sector. 

From 2006 and until 2018 Augusta founded, managed,
and funded three world class mineral discoveries. Ventana Gold, discovered the La Bodega gold deposit in Colombia, now reported to host
over 10Moz of gold, Augusta sold the company for 1.3B in 2011. Augusta Resource, advanced the Rosemont copper project in Arizona through
drilling, feasibility and permitting to become one of the largest copper deposits in United States, it was sold for 667M in 2014. Arizona
Mining, discovered the Taylor deposit and grew the Hermosa-Taylor deposit into one of the top five primary zinc deposits globally, largest
in United States, prior to its sale for 2.1B in 2018. 

Currently, Augusta Group is comprised of private
businesses and public companies that currently includes Titan Mining Corporation, Augusta Gold Corp. and Solaris Resources Inc. Titan
Mining operates a zinc mine in New York State, Augusta Gold is exploring for a gold mine in a prolific mining district in Nevada, and
Solaris Resources is advancing a portfolio of copper and gold assets in the Americas, including a high-grade, world-class resource at
its copper and gold project Warintza in Ecuador. 

In addition, in 2017 Mr. Warke co-founded Equinox
Gold which has now become a mid-tier gold producer and one of the fastest growing gold companies in the Americas growing to over a 3.0B
market cap with mines in US, Mexico and Brazil. 

During the course of his career, Mr. Warke has
established a reputation for building successful companies by generating pioneering transactions in the mining sector through prudent
investing in earlier stages of the mine cycle. His specialization is surfacing value through award-winning exploration efforts and rapidly
advancing projects with consistent access to low-cost capital through exploration, feasibility, and permitting to point of sale or into
production. His expertise, combined with his extensive relationships across the global mining sector, have resulted in rapid growth and
a proven track record of success making him a widely-recognized strategic partner and a sought after industry expert for commentary on
business, mining and related topics. 

John Boehner (appointed January 7, 2021) 

Director 

John Boehner served as the 53rd Speaker of the
United States House of Representatives from 2011 to 2015. A member of the Republican Party, Mr. Boehner was the U.S. Representative from
Ohio s 8th congressional district, serving from 1991 to 2015. He previously served as the House Minority Leader from 2007 until
2011, and House Majority Leader from 2006 until 2007. Following his career in government service, Mr. Boehner joined Squire Patton Boggs,
a global law and public policy firm. He earned a Bachelor of Arts in business administration from Xavier University. 

38 

Daniel Earle 

Director 

Daniel Earle has over 17 years of experience in
the mining sector and capital markets, covering projects ranging from early stage exploration through feasibility and engineering to production.
Mr. Earle is currently the President and CEO of Solaris Resources and also serves on its Board of Directors. Prior to joining Solaris
in November 2019, he was a Vice President and Director at TD Securities where he covered the mining sector for over 12 years and established
himself as a thought leader in the space. Prior to joining TD Securities in 2007, Mr. Earle was a senior executive with a number of Canadian
and U.S. public mineral exploration and mining companies. He is a graduate and scholar of the Lassonde Mineral Engineering Program at
the University of Toronto. 

Poonam Puri (appointed January 7, 2021) 

Director 

Poonam Puri is an experienced corporate director
and professor of business law at Osgoode Hall Law School in Toronto. She is also a practicing lawyer and affiliated scholar at Davies
Ward Phillips Vineberg LLP. Ms. Puri currently serves on the boards of several public companies and Crown corporations including
Colliers International Group Inc, DRI Healthcare Trust and the Canada Infrastructure Bank. She is also chair of the board of directors
of Holland Bloorview Kids Rehabilitation Hospital in Toronto. Ms. Puri has been recognized with the Peter Dey Governance Achievement Award,
the Law Society Medal, the Ontario Attorney General s David Walter Mundell Medal, and the Royal Society of Canada s Yvan Allaire
Medal for excellence in contributions to governance. She is a past recipient of Canada s Top 40 under 40 and has been recognized
as one of the top 25 most influential lawyers in Canada by Canadian Lawyer Magazine. Ms. Puri earned her Bachelor of Laws degree from
the University of Toronto, and she holds a Masters of Law degree from Harvard Law School. 

Lenard Boggio (appointed January 20, 2021) 

Director 

Len Boggio was formerly a partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP (PwC) where he served for more than 30 years until his retirement in May 2012. During that time, he was Leader of the B.C. Mining
Group of PwC, a senior member of PwC s Global Mining Industry Practice and an auditor of Canadian, U.S. U.K. and other internationally-listed
mineral resource and energy clients. Mr. Boggio is a Fellow of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (FCPA, FCA) and has served
as president of the British Columbia Institute of Chartered Accountants and chairman of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants. 

Donald R. Taylor, P.G. (appointed CEO April
13, 2021) 

President, CEO and Director 

Donald R. Taylor has 30 years of mineral exploration
experience with precious and base metals on five continents, taking projects from exploration to mine development. He is the recipient
of the Prospectors and Developers Association of Canada s 2018 Thayer Lindsley Award for the 2014 discovery of the Taylor lead-zinc-silver
deposit in Arizona. Mr. Taylor has worked extensively for large and small cap companies, including Arizona Mining, BHP Minerals, Bear
Creek Mining, American Copper and Nickel, Doe Run Resources and Westmont Mining Company. He is a Licensed Professional Geologist in several
eastern and western states and a qualified person as defined by National Instrument 43-101. Mr. Taylor has a Bachelor of Science degree
in Geology from Southeast Missouri State University and a Master of Science degree from the University of Missouri at Rolla. 

Michael McClelland, CPA, CA 

CFO 

Michael McClelland has over 15 years of experience
in accounting and finance. He was formerly the Chief Financial Officer of Bisha Mining Share Company, an operating subsidiary of Nevsun
Resources. Prior to that he worked for Goldcorp as the Mine General Manager at Wharf Resources (now owned by Coeur Mining), and prior
to that was Director of Finance, Canada and USA. Mr. McClelland started his career at KPMG LLP as a Senior Accountant with the mining
group. He is a Chartered Accountant and has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Simon Fraser University in British Columbia, Canada. 

39 

Purni Parikh 

Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Corporate
Secretary 

Purni Parikh has over 25 years of public company
experience in the mining sector including corporate affairs and finance, legal and regulatory administration, and governance. Ms. Parikh
joined Augusta Gold in October, 2020. She is President of the Augusta Group of Companies, and Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs
of Solaris Resources Inc. and Titan Mining Corporation. Ms. Parikh was previously Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Corporate
Secretary of Arizona Mining Inc. and Newcastle Gold Ltd., and Vice President, Corporate Secretary Augusta Resource Corporation and Ventana
Gold Corp. prior to their acquisition. Ms. Parikh obtained a Certificate in Business from the University of Toronto and a Gemology degree.
She holds the ICD.D designation from the Institute of Corporate Directors, and has worked extensively with boards. 

Johnny Pappas 

Vice President, Environmental Permitting 

Johnny Pappas has a distinguished career in the
field of environmental management and permitting. Mr. Pappas recently, from January 2016 to August 2018, held the position of Vice-President,
Environmental and Permitting for Arizona Mining where he directed the permitting of the Hermosa Taylor Deposit Project, Director of Environmental
Affairs for Romarco Minerals Inc., from September 2009 to December 2015, where he was instrumental in directing the federal and state
permitting of the Haile Gold Mine; the first gold mine permitted east of the Mississippi in the last 20 years. He was previously, from
May 2008 to August 2009, the Environmental Manager of the Climax Mine. In addition, he has held several Senior Environmental Engineer
positions with PacifiCorp, Plateau Mining and Santa Fe Pacific Gold. Mr. Pappas holds a B.Sc. degree in Geology and Business Administration.
Mr. Pappas is recognized as a leader in his field and has won numerous awards including: the 2003 Best of the Best Award
- awarded by the Department of Interior s Office of Surface Mining in recognition for extraordinary personal commitment and outstanding
contribution for the reclamation success at the Castle Gate Mine and the 2003 Excellence in Surface Coal Mining Reclamation 
Award. 

Jim Wickens 

Vice President, Operations 

Jim Wickens brings over 35 years of experience
in mining and operations. He has spent most of his career in operations with major gold producers Placer Dome and Barrick Gold in Canada
and the United States. He was the Process Manager for Haile Gold Mine through the feasibility study and detailed engineering phases of
the project. In addition to operations, Mr. Wickens has worked as a consultant to the mining industry in the fields of equipment supply
and metallurgical laboratory testing. Mr. Wickens is active in the SME. currently serving on the MPD Executive Committee, and is the Founder
and Past-Chairman of the Nevada Mineral Processors Subsection of SME. In 2022, Mr. Wickens was awarded a SME President s Citation
for Individual Service for his work pioneering the Nevada Mineral Processors Subsection. He obtained his B.A.Sc. in Mining and Mineral
Process Engineering from the University of British Columbia in 1987. 

Tom Ladner 

Vice President, Legal 

Tom Ladner is Vice President Legal for Augusta
Gold Corp. and the Augusta Group of Companies, including Solaris Resources Inc., Titan Mining Corporation and Armor Minerals Inc. Mr.
Ladner brings legal, securities and mining expertise to the Company, having advised on multiple M A transactions valued in excess
of C 1 billion and more than 25 public market financings raising in aggregate more than C 750 million. Prior to joining the Augusta Group
in 2020, Mr. Ladner practiced law in the Securities and Capital Markets group of a major Canadian law firm. Mr. Ladner has his Honors
in Business Administration (with distinction) from the Richard Ivey School of Business and his Juris Doctor from Western University. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

The number of directors is established by the
Board of Directors. Our Board currently consists of six (6) directors. Each elected director will serve until the Company s next annual
meeting of shareholders and until a successor is elected and qualified. 

40 

Our officers are appointed by the Board and serve
at the discretion of the Board, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set
forth in our Amended and Restated Bylaws as it deems appropriate. 

Arrangements between Officers and Directors 

Except as set forth below, to our knowledge, there
is no arrangement or understanding between any of our directors or officers and any other person, including directors and officers, pursuant
to which the director or officer was selected to serve as an officer. 

Mr. Warke is the sole officer and director of
Augusta Investments Inc. Augusta ), the Company s largest stockholder. On October 26, 2020, the Company closed a private
placement of units with Augusta pursuant to which Augusta gained control of the Company. Upon gaining control Augusta appointed Daniel
Earle and Donald Taylor as directors of the Company and Michael McClelland and Johnny Pappas as officers of the Company. Subsequently,
Augusta s appointed directors also appointed Purni Parikh and Tom Ladner as officers of the Company and Mr. Warke as the Chairman
of the Company. Augusta controls 22,084,688 shares of common stock with the right to acquire an additional 18,865,727 shares underlying
warrants and 533,333 vested options representing 39.4 of the issued and outstanding voting shares of the Company on a partially diluted
basis as of the date hereof. 

On September 14, 2022, the Company announced that
it had entered into a loan with a company owned by the Company s executive chairman for 22,232,561. The loan bears interest at
a rate of prime plus 3 , is for a maximum period of 12 months, and is secured by the Company s Bullfrog and Reward projects. 

Family Relationships 

None of our directors or executive officers are
related by blood, marriage, or adoption to any other director, executive officer, or other key employees. 

Other Directorships 

Other than
John Boehner who is a director of Acreage Holdings, Inc., Lenard Boggio who is a director of Equinox Gold Corp., and Poonam Puri who is
a director of Colliers International Group Inc., none of the directors of Augusta Gold are also directors of issuers with a class of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (or which otherwise are required to file periodic reports under the Exchange Act). 

Legal Proceedings 

We are not aware of any of our directors or officers
being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings
(other than traffic and other minor offenses) or being subject to any of the items set forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of the Shares, to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership
of such securities with the SEC. 

Based solely on a review of the reports received
by the SEC, the Company believes that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company s officers, directors and greater
than 10 owners timely filed all reports they were required to file under Section 16(a). 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

On February 8, 2021, we adopted a code of business
conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers, employees, consultants, contractors, subcontractors and other agents of the
Company. Our code of business conduct and ethics is available at our website which is located at www.augustagold.com. We will post any
amendments to, or waivers from, including an implicit waiver, the Code of Ethics on that website. 

Audit Committee and
Audit Committee Financial Experts 

We
have a standing Audit Committee and audit committee charter, which complies with Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Our Audit Committee was
established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. Our Audit Committee is composed of three directors, Lenard Boggio,
Daniel Earle and Poonam Puri, each of whom, in the opinion of the Board, are independent (in accordance with Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange
Act and the requirements of Section 803A of the NYSE American Company Guide) and financially literate (pursuant to the requirements of
Section 803B of the NYSE American Company Guide). Lenard Boggio satisfies the requirement of a financial expert as defined
under Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

41 

Director Nomination Procedures 

On February 8, 2021, we adopted a Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and approved a charter for the committee. The charter can be found on our website at www.augustagold.com. 

There have been no material
changes to the procedures pursuant to which a stockholder may recommend a nominee to the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee does not have a set policy for whether or how stockholders are to recommend nominees for consideration by the Board. Recommendations
for director nominees made by stockholders are subject to the same considerations as nominees selected by the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee or the Board. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The table below sets forth, for the last two fiscal
years, the compensation earned by our named executive officers consisting of our executive chairman, chief executive officer, chief financial
officer, VP Environmental Permitting and our former chief executive officer. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary (2) ) 
 Bonus (4) ) 
 Stock Awards ) (1) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive
 
 Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 Richard
 Warke, 
 2022 
 268,964 
 -- 
 -- 
 88,845 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 357,809 
 
 Executive
 Chairman 
 2021 
 239,325 
 -- 
 -- 
 871,672 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 1,110,997 

Donald
 Taylor, 
 2022 
 250,000 
 -- 
 -- 
 93,283 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 343,283 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (3) 
 2021 
 179,166 
 -- 
 -- 
 584,794 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 763,960 

Michael
 McClelland, 
 2022 
 129,885 
 48,029 
 -- 
 44,423 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 222,337 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 2021 
 72,654 
 37,119 
 -- 
 435,836 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 545,609 

Maryse
 Belanger, 
 2022 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (3) 
 2021 
 100,231 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 100,231 

Johnny
 Pappas, 
 2022 
 200,000 
 -- 
 -- 
 38,260 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 238,260 
 
 VP
 Environmental Permitting 
 2021 
 160,000 
 -- 
 -- 
 381,357 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 541,357 

Jim
 Wickens, 
 2022 
 122,500 

232,012 

354,512 
 
 VP
 Operations 
 2021 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 

(1) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB 123. 

(2) Messrs Warke and McClelland were paid in C and translated into US using the average 2022 exchange rate
per Bank of Canada of 1.3013 and 1.2535 for 2021. Payments made by the Company to Mr. Warke were to Augusta Capital Corporation, a private
company 100 beneficially held by Mr. Warke. 

(3) Ms. Belanger was appointed CEO October 26,2020. Ms. Belanger s salary was paid in C and translated
into US at the average exchange rate for the fourth quarter of 2020 of 1.3030 and at the average of the first and second quarters of
2021 of 1.2471 per Bank of Canada. The Company appointed Mr. Taylor as CEO on April 13, 2021. Ms. Belanger resigned from the Company on
that same date. 

(4) Paid in the first quarter of 2023. 

42 

Consulting Agreements 

The Company has entered into a consulting agreement
with Augusta Capital Corporation, a private company 100 beneficially held by Mr. Warke, Chairman of the Company. Under the terms of the
agreement, Augusta Capital Corporation. is paid a monthly rate of C 29,167 and is eligible for an annual success fee of C 245,000 at the
discretion of the Board. In the event of a change of control, Augusta Capital Corporation shall be paid a success fee of C 1,785,000.
The agreement went into effect January 1, 2021 and remains in effect until terminated. 

Employment Agreements 

Donald Taylor, Michael McClelland, Johnny
Pappas and Jim Wickens 

The Company has entered into an employment or
letter agreement with each of Mr. Taylor, Mr. McClelland and Mr. Pappas for an indefinite term. Each agreement provides for a base salary
(as may be adjusted annually), a bonus, grant of Options, vacation time and various standard benefits including life, disability, medical,
dental and reimbursement of reasonable expenses. Where applicable, the payment of a bonus is tied to corporate, operational and individual
performance and the grant of Options are at the discretion of the Board. Bonuses are paid at the discretion of the Compensation Committee
and the Board. Refer to the Summary Compensation Table above for compensation paid to, earned by or accrued for each of Mr. Taylor, Mr.
McClelland and Mr. Pappas for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Change of Control - Donald R. Taylor 

If Mr. Taylor s employment is terminated
without cause or by him for good reason, the Company shall pay (in addition to basic entitlements for unpaid base salary to the date of
termination, accrued and outstanding vacation pay and reimbursement for properly incurred business expenses) an amount in cash equal to
one and one-half times his then base annual salary. Mr. Taylor will also be entitled to retain any vested securities granted to him under
any compensation plan of the Company in accordance with such compensation plan. If Mr. Taylor is terminated without cause or resigns for
any reason within six months following a Change of Control, he will be entitled to an amount in cash equal to one times the aggregate
of his then base annual salary and target bonus. All unvested Options held by Mr. Taylor at the time of a Change of Control will vest
on the date of such Change of Control. 

Change of Control - Michael McClelland 

If Mr. McClelland s employment is terminated
without cause or by him for good reason the Company will pay (in addition to basic entitlements for unpaid base salary to the date of
termination, accrued and outstanding vacation pay and reimbursement for properly incurred business expenses) an amount in cash equal to
one and one-half times the aggregate of his then base annual salary attributed to the Company. Mr. McClelland will also be entitled to
retain any vested securities granted to him under any compensation plan of the Company in accordance with such compensation plan. In the
event that Mr. McClelland is terminated without cause or resigns for any reason within six months following a Change of Control, he will
be entitled to an amount in cash equal to two times the aggregate of his then base annual salary and target bonus attributed to the Company.
All unvested Options held by Mr. McClelland at the time of a Change of Control will vest on the date of such Change of Control. 

Change of Control - Johnny Pappas 

If Mr. Pappas employment is terminated
without cause or by him for good reason the Company will pay (in addition to basic entitlements for unpaid base salary to the date of
termination, accrued and outstanding vacation pay and reimbursement for properly incurred business expenses) an amount in cash equal to
one-half times the aggregate of his then base annual salary. Mr. Pappas will also be entitled to retain any vested securities granted
to him under any compensation plan of the Company in accordance with such compensation plan. In the event that Mr. Pappas is terminated
without cause or resigns for any reason within six months following a Change of Control, he will be entitled to an amount in cash equal
to one and one-half times the aggregate of his then base annual salary and target bonus. All unvested Options held by Mr. Pappas at the
time of a Change of Control will vest on the date of such Change of Control. 

43 

Change of Control Jim Wickens 

If Mr. Wickens employment is terminated
without cause or by him for good reason the Company will pay (in addition to basic entitlements for unpaid base salary to the date of
termination, accrued and outstanding vacation pay and reimbursement for properly incurred business expenses) an amount in cash equal to
 two months plus one month for every year of service to a maximum of six months . Mr. Wickens will
also be entitled to retain any vested securities granted to him under any compensation plan of the Company in accordance with such compensation
plan. In the event that Mr. Wickens is terminated without cause or resigns for any reason within six months following a Change of Control,
he will be entitled to an amount in cash equal to one and one-half times the aggregate of his then base annual salary and target bonus.
All unvested Options held by Mr. Wickens at the time of a Change of Control will vest on the date of such Change of Control. 

Maryse Belanger 

On April 13, 2021, Ms. Maryse Belanger resigned
as Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of the Company for personal reasons. Ms. Belanger s resignation as a director
of the Company was not a result of any disagreement with the Company, known to an executive officer of the Company, on any matter relating
to the Company s operations, policies or practice. 

O utstanding equity awards at year end December
31, 2022 

The following
table sets forth the stock options granted to our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. No stock appreciation rights have
been awarded. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options: (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options: (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Name Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Richard Warke 
 266,667 
 533,333 
 C 2.00 
 2/22/2026 
 -- 
 
 Donald Taylor 
 175,000 
 175,000 
 C 2.00 
 2/22/2026 
 -- 
 
 Donald Taylor 
 166,667 
 333,333 
 C 2.00 
 8/30/2026 
 -- 
 
 Michael McClelland 
 133,333 
 266,667 
 C 2.00 
 2/22/2026 
 -- 
 
 Johnny Pappas 
 116,667 
 233,333 
 C 2.00 
 2/22/2026 
 -- 
 
 Jim Wickens 
 -- 
 250,000 
 C 2.05 
 6/01/2027 
 -- 

Director Compensation 

The following table shows compensation paid to
our directors (excluding compensation included under our summary compensation table above) for service as directors during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 John Boehner 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Daniel Earle 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Poonam Puri 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Lenard Boggio 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 

Represents the aggregate grant date fair value computed in
accordance with FASB 123. 

44 

Compensation of Directors 

Directors that were also executive officers received
no monetary compensation for serving as a Director. Non-executive directors are granted non-qualified stock options as compensation. Such
stock option awards are determined at the sole discretion of the Company s Compensation Committee. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The following tables set forth certain information
as of the approximate date of this filing regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: 

each person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than 5 of our common stock; 

our named executive officers; 

each director; and 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

The percentages of common stock beneficially owned
are reported on the basis of regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission governing the determination of beneficial ownership
of securities. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if
that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of the security, or dispositive power,
which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of the security. Shares of common stock that a person purpose has
the right to acquire beneficial ownership of within 60 days of the date of this filing are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person
holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, each beneficial
owner named in the table below has sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned. 

45 

As of March 15, 2022 we had 85,929,753 shares
of common stock outstanding. 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Name and Address 
 Shares Owned 
 Percentage 
 
 Richard Warke (1) Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 41,483,748 
 39.4 

Don Taylor (2) Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 890,000 
 1.0 

John Boehner (3) Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 350,000 
 0.4 

Lenard Boggio (4) Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 403,333 
 0.5 

Daniel Earle (5) Suite 2915, 181 Bay St Toronto, ON M5J 2T3 
 1,692,634 
 2.0 

Poonam Puri (6) Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 416,666 
 0.5 

Michael McClelland (7) Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 281,666 
 0.3 

Purni Parikh (8) Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 675,000 
 0.8 

Johnny Pappas (9) Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 356,666 
 0.4 

Jim Wickens Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 0 
 0.0 

Tom Ladner (10) Suite 555 - 999 Canada Place Vancouver, BC V6C 3E1 
 175,000 
 0.2 

All executive officers and directors as a group (11 persons) 
 46,724,713 
 42.8 

46 

Other 5 or Greater Stockholders (Common Stock) 

Name and Address 
 Shares Owned 
 Percentage 
 
 Barrick Gold Corporation (11) Brookfield Place TD Canada Trust Tower 161 Bay Street, Suite 3700, Toronto, ON M5J 2S1 
 18,200,000 
 19.2 

Waterton Nevada Splitter, LLC P.O Box 309, Ugland House Grand Cayman Cayman Islands 
 7,800,000 
 6.7 

The Beling Family Trust David Beling, Trustee 897 Quail Run Drive Grand Junction, CO 81505 
 4,693,701 
 5.5 

(1) Includes the following: 533,333 vested options, 22,084,688
shares of Common Stock and 18,865,727 shares underlying warrants, of which all of the shares of Common Stock and all of the shares underlying
warrants are held by Augusta Investments Inc., a company wholly owned by Mr. Warke. 

(2) Includes the following: 516,666 vested options, 206,667 shares
of Common Stock and 166,667 shares underlying warrants. 

(3) Includes the following: 350,000 vested options. 

(4) Includes the following: 350,000 vested options, 42,222 shares
of Common Stock and 11,111 shares underlying warrants. 

(5) Includes the following: 350,000 vested options, 871,800 shares
of Common Stock and 470,834 shares underlying warrants, of which all of the shares of Common Stock and all of the shares underlying warrants
are held by 2210637 Ontario Ltd., a company wholly owned by Mr. Earle. 

(6) Includes the following: 350,000 vested options, 44,444 shares
of Common Stock and 22,222 shares underlying warrants. 

(7) Includes the following: 266,666 vested options, 10,000 shares
of Common Stock and 5,000 shares underlying warrants. 

(8) Includes the following: 266,666 vested options, 216,667 shares
of Common Stock and 191,667 shares underlying warrants, or which 166,667 shares of Common Stock and 166,667 shares underlying warrants
are held by Lions Gate Holdings Inc. 

(9) Includes the following: 266,666 vested options, 60,000 shares
of Common Stock and 30,000 shares underlying warrants. 

(10) Includes the following: 100,000 vested options, 50,000 shares
of Common Stock and 25,000 shares underlying warrants. 

(11) Includes 9,100,000 shares underlying warrants. 

Change in Control 

We are not aware of any arrangement that might
result in a change in control in the future. We have no knowledge of any arrangements, including any pledge by any person of our securities,
the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in the Company s control. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

See the discussion under the heading Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

47 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

On September 13, 2022, Augusta Gold Corp. (the
 Company entered into a secured note purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Augusta
Investments Inc. Augusta Investments to offer and sell a secured promissory note of the Company (the Note in exchange for Augusta Investments loaning the Company US 22,232,561 (the Loan ). The Loan and the issuance of the
Note occurred on September 13, 2022. The Company used the Loan to make the second payment and deferred payment to Waterton Nevada Splitter
LLC Waterton on September 13, 2022, in connection with the Company s acquisition of its Reward gold project
that closed on June 13, 2022. 

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties by the Company and Augusta Investments. The Purchase Agreement also contains certain covenants of the Company including
maintaining its status as a reporting issuer, maintaining books and records, maintaining its properties, compliance with laws, not incurring
additional indebtedness, except for liabilities for trade payables and expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business, and making
certain filings to maintain and perfect the security interests of Augusta Investments under the Security Agreement (as defined below). 

The Note bears interest at a rate of prime plus
3 and is for a maximum term of 12 months. The Note is secured by a first-priority, perfected security interest in all the assets of the
Company pursuant to a guarantee and security agreement (the Security Agreement and certain deeds of trust (the Deeds
of Trust , collectively with the Purchase Agreement, the Note and the Security Agreement, the Loan Documents to be finalized and filed by the Company in accordance with covenants in the Purchase Agreement and the Security Agreement. 

Under the terms of the Note, the following events
constitute an event of default permitting the holder of the Note to exercise remedies including accelerating the payment of the full amount
of the Note plus Interest and exercising rights under the Security Agreement, including selling assets of the Company to satisfy obligations
under the Note: (i) the Company shall default in the payment of any part of the principal or unpaid accrued interest on the Note for more
than five (5) days after the maturity date or at a date fixed by acceleration or otherwise; (b) the Company shall fail to file the Deeds
of Trust in accordance with the Purchase Agreement and such failure continues for more than 10 days or the Company shall fail to maintain
perfected liens on all its assets in accordance with the Loan Documents and such failure continues for more than 30 days; (c) any representation
or warranty made or deemed made by the Company in the Purchase Agreement or in the Security Agreement is incorrect in any material respect
on the date as of which such representation or warranty was made or deemed made; (d) the Company fails to observe or perform (a) any covenant,
condition or agreement contained in Section 3 or (b) any other covenant, obligation, condition or agreement contained in the Loan Documents
and such failure continues for 30 days; (e) the Company fails to pay when due any of its material debts (other than debts arising under
this Note) or any interest or premium thereon when due (whether by scheduled maturity, acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure
continues after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such debt; (f) one or more judgments
or decrees in an amount exceeding in the aggregate 1,000,000 shall be entered against the Company or its subsidiaries and such judgments
or decrees shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within 30 days from the entry thereof; (g) the Company
shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or
shall file a voluntary petition for bankruptcy, or shall file any petition or answer seeking for itself any reorganization, arrangement,
composition, readjustment, dissolution or similar relief under any present or future statute, law or regulation, or shall file any answer
admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against the Company in any such proceeding, or shall seek or consent to or acquiesce
in the appointment of any trustee, receiver or liquidator of the Company, or of all or any substantial part of the properties of the Company,
or the Company or its respective directors or majority stockholders shall take any action looking to the dissolution or liquidation of
the Company; or (h) within sixty (60) days after the commencement of any proceeding against the Company seeking any bankruptcy reorganization,
arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any present or future statute, law or regulation,
such proceeding shall not have been dismissed, or within sixty (60) days after the appointment without the consent or acquiescence of
the Company of any trustee, receiver or liquidator of the Company or of all or any substantial part of the properties of the Company,
such appointment shall not have been vacated. 

48 

The payment of the obligations of the Company
under the Note is also guaranteed by each of the subsidiaries of the Company pursuant to the Security Agreement. 

The Company paid Augusta Investments an origination
fee of 0.5 of the amount of the Loan on the closing of the issuance of the Note pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedure 

Augusta Gold s Code of Ethics requires it
to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under
guidelines approved by the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the Board. Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which
(1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) Augusta Gold or any of its subsidiaries
is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner
of Augusta Gold s shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has
or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner
of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult
to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family,
receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter,
is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit committee
will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party
transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar
circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. 

Director Independence 

We currently
have six directors serving on our Board of Directors. We are not listed on a national securities exchange, but for purposes of this disclosure
we have selected the independence requirements of the NYSE American LLC. Using the definition of independence set forth in the rules of
the NYSE American, John Boehner, Lenard Boggio, Daniel Earle and Poonam Puri would be considered independent directors of the Company. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the
fees billed by Davidson Company LLP, our principal accountant, to us for services rendered for the review of the financial statements
included in the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC were 42,006 and 45,549 for the audit of the 2021 annual financial
statements. 

Audit-Related Fees 

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021, there were no fees billed to us by our principal accountant for the audit or review of the financial statements that are not
reported above under Audit Fees. 

Tax Fees 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there
were 31,060 tax fees billed to us by our principal accountant for the 2021 tax return. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, there
were 15,800 tax fees billed to us by our principal accountant for the 2020 tax return. 

All Other Fees 

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021, there were no fees billed to us by our principal accountant for services other than services described above. 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

The policy of our Audit Committee is to pre-approve
all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related
services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to
the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent auditors and management
are required to periodically report to our Board of Directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in
accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular
services on a case-by-case basis. Our Audit Committee approved all services that our independent accountants provided to us in the past
two fiscal years. 

49 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

(a) (1)(2) Financial Statements: See index to
financial statements and supporting schedules. 

(a) (3) Exhibits 

The information required by Section (a)(3) of
Item 15 is set forth on the Exhibit Index that follows the signatures page of this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 AUGUSTA GOLD CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Donald R. Taylor 

Name: 
 Donald R. Taylor 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 AUGUSTA GOLD CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael McClelland 

Name: 
 Michael McClelland 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Power of Attorney 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Donald R. Taylor as his or her attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution,
for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all
that said attorney-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Donald R. Taylor 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Donald R. Taylor 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Michael McClelland 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Michael McClelland 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Richard Warke 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Richard Warke 

/s/ John Boehner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 John Boehner 

/s/ Daniel Earle 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Daniel Earle 

/s/ Poonam Puri 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Poonam Puri 

/s/ Donald R. Taylor 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Donald R. Taylor 

/s/ Lenard Boggio 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Lenard Boggio 

51 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 (1) 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2011, by and among Bullfrog Gold Corp., Standard Gold Corp. and Bullfrog Gold Acquisition Corp. 
 
 2.2 
 (1) 
 Certificate of Merger, dated September 30, 2011 merging Bullfrog Gold Acquisition Corp. with and into Standard Gold Corp. 
 
 3.1 
 (17) 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.2 
 (20) 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 4.3 
 (10) 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 4.4 
 (14) 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 4.5 
 (18) 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 4.6 
 (24) 
 Form of Warrant Indenture 
 
 4.7 
 (24) 
 Form of Compensation Warrant 
 
 10.1 
 (3) 
 Form of Directors and Officers Indemnification Agreement 
 
 10.2 
 (3) 
 Bullfrog Gold Corp. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10.3 
 (3) 
 Form of 2011 Incentive Stock Option Agreement 
 
 10.4 
 (3) 
 Form of 2011 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
 
 10.5 
 (1) 
 Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations between Standard Gold Corp and Aurum National Holdings Ltd 
 
 10.6 
 (1) 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations between Standard Gold Corp, Bullfrog Holdings, Inc. and NPX Metals, Inc. 
 
 10.7 
 (1) 
 Option to Purchase and Royalty Agreement between Standard Gold Corp. and Southwest Exploration, Inc. 
 
 10.8 
 (1) 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Mr. David Beling 
 
 10.9 
 (5) 
 Option Agreement dated March 23, 2015 
 
 10.10 
 (8) 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 10.11 
 (9) 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10.12 
 (11) 
 2021 Stock Option Plan 
 
 10.13 
 (12) 
 Term Sheet 
 
 10.14 
 (12) 
 Letter Agreement Mineral Lease and Option to Purchase 
 
 10.15 
 (13) 
 Amendment to Letter Agreement 
 
 10.16 
 (13) 
 Second Amendment to Letter Agreement 
 
 10.17 
 (14) 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.18 
 (15) 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement 
 
 10.19 
 (15) 
 Form of Royalty Deed 
 
 10.20 
 (15) 
 Form of Investor Rights Agreement 
 
 10.21 
 (19) 
 Stock Option Plan 
 
 10.22 
 (21) 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated April 21, 2022 
 
 10.23 
 (22) 
 Deed of Trust 
 
 10.24 
 (23) 
 Secured Promissory Note Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.25 
 (23) 
 Secured Promissory Note 
 
 10.26 
 (23) 
 Security Agreement 
 
 21 
 (3) 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Davidson Company LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer filed pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer filed pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory arrangement. 

52 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A,
filed with the SEC on December 18, 2012. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2011 

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 6, 2011. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2012. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2015. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2017. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 20, 2012. 

(8) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 24, 2017. 

(9) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2017. 

(10) Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC January 21, 2020. 

(11) Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC February 26, 2021. 

(12) Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC September 11, 2020. 

(13) Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC October 9, 2020. 

(14) Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC October 15, 2020. 

(15) Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC October 29, 2020. 

(16) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2021 

(17) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2021 

(18) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2021 

(19) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021 

(20) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021 

(21) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022 

(22) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16, 2022 

(23) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 19, 2022 

(24) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2023 

53 

AUGUSTA GOLD CORP. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Directors of 

Augusta Gold Corp. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Augusta Gold Corp. (the Company ), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Augusta Gold Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has a working capital deficiency of approximately 26.1 million , which raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Description of Critical Audit Matter 
Asset Retirement Obligation 

As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company s asset retirement obligation ARO totaled 2.8 million at December 31, 2022. We considered
the Company s ARO a critical audit matter due to high professional judgement by management when assessing this obligation, including
the assessment of the nature and extent of future work to be performed, the future cost of performing the rehabilitation work, the timing
of when the rehabilitation will take place and economic assumptions such as the discount rate and inflation rates applicable to future
cash outflows associated with rehabilitation activities to bring them to their present value. 

How we addressed Critical Audit Matter 

We reviewed the Company s calculation of
its ARO, and verified the valuation of the principal components of the provision in accordance with ASC 410-20. To audit the ARO liability,
our procedures included evaluating the methodology used, and testing the significant assumptions in the ARO calculations. We held discussions
and assessed the qualifications of management s expert who prepares the estimates, and obtained corroborating information with regards
to the nature, timing, and amount of the anticipated cash outflows. We also compared assumptions including the credit-adjusted risk-free
rate, and inflation rate to current market data. Finally we performed recalculation to verify the accuracy of the estimate. 

Description of the Critical Audit Matter 
Acquisition of CR Reward LLC 

As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company acquired the outstanding membership interests of CR Reward LLC ("CR Reward") during the year, for total
consideration of 46.2 million in cash and shares. We considered the acquisition a critical audit matter due to the importance of the
transaction to the users of the financial statements in addition to the significance of management estimates involved. Material management
estimates and judgments were required to determine the value of consideration paid, the allocation of the consideration to the fair values
of the assets and liabilities acquired, and the determination of whether the transaction constituted an asset acquisition or business
combination under ASC 805. 

How we addressed the Critical Audit Matter 

We reviewed the acquisition agreement, CR Reward's
acquisition date assets and liabilities, and the guidance under ASC 805 to determine whether the transaction was an asset acquisition
or business combination. We verified that management had identified the measurement date for the transaction based on the closing date
of the acquisition. We reviewed management's estimates and judgements in determining the fair value of consideration paid, including non-cash
consideration, deferred consideration, and transaction costs. Finally we assessed that a materially complete listing of acquired assets
and liabilities had been prepared, and that the purchase consideration was appropriately allocated on the basis of relative fair value
among the acquired assets and liabilities. 

Except for the matter described in the Going
Concern section, we have determined that there are no other critical audit matters to communicate in our auditor s report. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2019. 

/s/ DAVIDSON COMPANY LLP 

Vancouver, Canada Chartered Professional Accountants 

March 15, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number: 731 

F- 3 

AUGUSTA GOLD CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

(Expressed in US dollars) 

Assets 
 12/31/22 
 12/31/21 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid 

Deferred stock issuance costs 

Deposits 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Mineral properties, net 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Note payable and accrued interest - related party 

Asset retirement obligation 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities 

Asset retirement obligation, net of current 

Warrant liability 

Total long term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value 

Preferred stock series A, shares designated and authorized, par value; issued and outstanding as of 12/31/22 and 12/31/21 

Preferred stock series B, shares designated and authorized, par value; issued and outstanding preferred stock series B shares convertible into and shares of common stock as of 12/31/22 and 12/31/21, respectively 

Common stock, shares authorized, par value; shares issued and outstanding as of 12/31/22 and shares issued and outstanding as of 12/31/21 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements 

F- 4 

AUGUSTA GOLD CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(Expressed in US dollars) 

Twelve Months Ended 

12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 
 Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Lease expense 

Exploration, evaluation and project expense 

Accretion expense 

Depreciation expense 

Total operating expenses 

Net operating loss 

Revaluation of warrant liability 

Interest expense 

Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 

Earnings (loss) per common share basic 

Earnings (loss) per common share diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements 

F- 5 

AUGUSTA GOLD CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(Expressed in US dollars) 

Preferred 
 
 Common 

Total 

Stock 
 
 Stock 
 
 Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Preferred 
 Shares 
 Common 
 Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Issued 
 Stock 
 Issued 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

December 31, 2020 

Conversion of warrants 

Conversion of preferred stock 

Conversion of options 

Stock based compensation 

Placement - March 

Warrant liability 

Net loss 

December 31, 2021 

Conversion of warrants 

Stock based compensation 

Conversion of preferred stock 

Purchase of CR Reward 

Net loss 

December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements 

F- 6 

AUGUSTA GOLD CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(Expressed in US dollars) 

Twelve Months Ended 

12/31/22 
 12/31/21 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities 

Accretion expense 

Depreciation expense 

Revaluation of warrant liability 

Share based compensation 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred stock issuance costs 

Debt issuance costs 

Deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Asset retirement obligation 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activity 

Acquisition of mineral properties 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from private placement of stock 

Proceeds from note payable - related party 

Proceeds from conversion of options 

Proceeds from conversion of warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Noncash investing and financing activities 

Interest and taxes paid 

Revaluation of asset retirement obligation 

Reclassification of warrant liability upon conversion 

Incurrence of asset retirement obligation 

Stock issued for purchase of CR Reward 

Conversion of preferred stock 

Exploration and evaluation cost in accounts payable 

Warrant liability from units placement 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements 

F- 7 

AUGUSTA GOLD CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The ability of the Company to meet its
obligations and continue operations is dependent on its ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing. These
circumstances raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution, the Company will evaluate, as needed,
the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits. 

F- 8 

to years. Additions, renewals, and betterments that significantly extend the life of
the asset are capitalized. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. For assets sold or otherwise disposed
of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts, and any related gain or loss is reflected
in income for the period. 

at the Bullfrog Project and at the Reward Project. During the period ended December 31, 2022, we incurred certain costs related
to the ARO estimate that has an effect on the accretion and estimated costs. 

Accretion 

Costs applied to ARO balance 

Acquisition of CR Reward ARO 

Change in estimates 

Balance, December 31 (current) 

Balance, December 31 (long term) 

Life of mine 

Discount rate 

Inflation rate (average) 

F- 9 

and a total undiscounted amount for the estimated
future cash flows is at the Bullfrog Project and at the Reward Project. 

and respectively. 

F- 10 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Assumed conversion of dilutive shares 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming conversion of common stock equivalents 

Basic Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 

Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 

F- 11 

Warrants 

Preferred shares 

Total 

F- 12 

Additions 

As of December 31, 2021 

Additions 

As of December 31, 2022 

Accumulated depreciation 

As of December 31, 2020 

Depreciation expense 

As of December 31, 2021 

Depreciation expense 

As of December 31, 2022 

Net book value on December 31, 2022 

units of the Company,
each unit consisting of one share of common stock of the Company and one four-year warrant purchase one share of common stock of the Company
at an exercise price of C (such number of units and exercise price are set out on a pre Reverse Stock Split basis), (ii) a net
smelter returns royalty (the Barrick Royalty granted on all minerals produced from all of the patented and unpatented claims
(subject to the adjustments set out below), pursuant to a royalty deed, dated October 26, 2020 by and among Bullfrog Mines and the Barrick
Parties (the Royalty Deed ), (iii) the Company granting indemnification to the Barrick Parties pursuant to an indemnity deed,
dated October 26, 2020 by and among the Company, the Barrick Parties and Bullfrog Mines, and (iv) certain investor rights, including anti-dilution
rights, pursuant to the investor rights agreement dated October 26, 2020, among the Company, Augusta Investments Inc., and Barrick Gold
Corporation. 

F- 13 

units issued 

Transaction fees 

Asset retirement obligation 

Total 

accordance with ASC
718. 

Grant date fair value of shares issued 

Transaction fees 

Second Payment 

Deferred Payment 

Total consideration 

Prepaids 

Property and plant 

Mineral properties 

Accounts payable 

Asset retirement obligation 

Total net assets acquired 

There was no change
in the par value of the common stock. The Reverse Stock Split did not change the authorized number of shares of common stock or preferred
stock of the Company. 

F- 14 

per Unit Offering
Price ), each Unit comprised of one share of common stock of the Company (a Unit Share and one half of one common
stock purchase warrant (each full warrant, a Warrant ). Each Warrant entitles the holder to acquire one share of common stock
(a Warrant Share at an exercise price of C per Warrant Share for a period of three (3) years from the date of issuance. 

Unit Shares and Warrants for gross aggregate proceeds of C million. Finders 
fees of C were paid in connection with the Private Placement. 

shares of common stock of the Company Common Shares were issued for the purchase of CR Reward. See Note 2 for additional
information. 

January-21 

February-21 

C 
 
 January-21 

January-21 

February-21 
 
 C 
 
 February-21 

March-21 
 
 C 
 
 March-21 

April-21 
 
 C 
 
 April-21 

May-21 
 
 C 
 
 May-21 

October-21 
 
 C 
 
 December-21 
 
 C 
 
 June-22 
 
 C 

May-22 

F- 15 

shares of Preferred Stock as Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
is convertible into one share of common stock at the option of the preferred holder. The Series A Preferred Stock is not entitled to receive
dividends and does not possess redemption rights. The Company is prohibited from effecting the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock
to the extent that, as a result of the conversion, the holder of such shares would beneficially own more than (or, if this
limitation is waived by the holder upon no less than 61 days prior notice to us, in the aggregate of the issued and outstanding
shares of our common stock. The holders of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock are also entitled to certain liquidation preferences
upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the business of the Company. 

shares of Preferred Stock as Series B Preferred Stock. In July 2016, the Board
of Directors increased the total Series B Preferred Stock designated to . Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible
into one share of common stock at the option of the preferred holder. The Series B Preferred Stock is not entitled to receive dividends
and does not possess redemption rights. The Company is prohibited from effecting the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock to the
extent that, as a result of the conversion, the holder of such shares would beneficially own more than (which may be increased
or waived upon no less than 61 days prior notice) in the aggregate of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. For a period
of 24 months from the issue date, the holder of Series B Preferred Stock were entitled to price protection as determined in the subscription
agreement. The Company has evaluated this embedded lower price issuance feature in accordance with ASC 815 and determined that it is clearly
and closely related to the host contract and is therefore accounted for as an equity instrument. 

shares of Series B Preferred Stock were converted shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were
no Preferred Stock shares outstanding. 

of the number of Shares issued and outstanding from time to time. 

options to officers and employees of the Company, pursuant to the terms of the Company s Stock Option Plan. The Black Scholes option
pricing model was used to estimate the aggregate fair value of the February 2021 officers and employees options of with the
following inputs: 

C 
 years 

options to directors of the Company, pursuant to the terms of the Company s Stock Option Plan. The Black Scholes option pricing
model was used to estimate the aggregate fair value of the February 2021 directors options of with the following inputs: 

C 
 years 

F- 16 

options to an officer of the Company, pursuant to the terms of the Company s Stock Option Plan. The Black Scholes option pricing
model was used to estimate the aggregate fair value of the August 2021 options of with the following inputs: 

C 
 years 

options to an officer and an employee of the Company, pursuant to the terms of the Company s Stock Option Plan. The Black Scholes
option pricing model was used to estimate the aggregate fair value of the June 2022 options of with the following inputs: 

C 
 years 

options to two employees of the Company, pursuant to the terms of the Company s Stock Option Plan. The Black Scholes option pricing
model was used to estimate the aggregate fair value of the August 2022 options of with the following inputs: 

C 
 years 

per share. No other terms of the repriced stock options were modified, and the repriced stock
options will continue to vest according to their original vesting schedules and will retain their original expiration dates. As a result
of the repricing, vested and unvested stock options outstanding as of September 29, 2022, with original exercise prices
of C , were repriced. 

, of which related to vested stock
option awards and was expensed on the repricing date, and related to unvested stock option awards is being amortized on a straight-line
basis over the remaining vesting period of those awards ranging from 5 months to 23 months. 

.
The options are vested based on years of service, with certain options vested after two years and other options vested after three years. 

F- 17 

Exercised 

Issued 
 
 C 

Canceled 
 
 C 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Exercised 

Issued 
 
 C 

Canceled 
 
 C 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

as of December 31, 2022, were as follows: 

Issued date 

Expiration date 

Exercise price (Canadian 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Exercised 

Issued 

Expired 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Exercised 

Issued 

Expired 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

has been calculated on the date of issuance of October 26, 2020, using Black-Scholes valuation technique. For the twelve months ending
December 31, 2022, the warrant liability was valued at with the following assumptions: 

Exercise price 

Term 
 years 
 years 
 years 
 
 Volatility range 

Risk-free rate 

has been calculated on the date of issuance of March 4, 2021, using Black-Scholes valuation technique. For the twelve months ending December
31, 2022, the warrant liability was valued at with the following assumptions: 

Exercise price 

Term 
 years 
 years 
 years 
 
 Volatility range 

Risk-free rate 

F- 18 

(the Loan ). The Loan and the issuance of the Note
occurred on September 13, 2022. The Company used the Loan to make the second payment and deferred payment to Waterton on September 13,
2022, in connection with the Company s acquisition of its Reward gold project that closed on June 13, 2022. 

and is for a maximum term of 12 months. The Note is secured by a first-priority, perfected
security interest in all the assets of the Company pursuant to a guarantee and security agreement (the Security Agreement and certain deeds of trust (the Deeds of Trust , collectively with the Purchase Agreement, the Note and the Security Agreement,
the Loan Documents ). 

of the amount of the Loan on the closing of the issuance
of the Note pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The following is the balance of the Loan as of December 31, 2022: 

Deferred financing costs, net 

Accrued interest 

Total 

Office 

Operating expenses 

Total 

based on the Company s current
share of rent paid. The Company is jointly liable for rent payments and uses the assets jointly. Payments by fiscal year are: 

2024 

Total 

million stock options in February 2021 to officers, directors and employees of the Company, pursuant to the terms
of the Company s Stock Option Plan. The Options have an exercise price of C per share and expire from the date of
grant. Additionally, as part of the million stock options issued the CEO, CFO and directors received , and ,
respectively. Ms. Maryse Belanger resigned as Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of Augusta Gold. On April 13, 2021, Mr.
Donald Taylor, was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and received options in August 2021 and compensation of .
 There were officers, directors and employees options issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 with a share based
compensation expense of . 

F- 19 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 
options issued and outstanding to officers, directors and employees of the Company with a share based compensation expense of . 

beneficially held by the Company s
Executive Chairman. ACC invoiced the Company C and C during 2022 and 2021,
respectively, for consulting services . 

2024 
 -
 
 -

2025 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

2026 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

2027 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

2028 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

2029 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

2030 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Applicable NSRs 

-year Mineral Lease (the Lunar Lease with Lunar Landing, LLC Lunar involving patented mining
claims underlying part of the Bullfrog property. Lunar owns a undivided interest in the mining claims. 

Notice of default or of termination shall be in writing and served in accordance with the Lunar
Lease. RMM has made all required payments and has paid Lunar as of December 31, 2022, and makes lease payments on the following
schedule: 

2027-2031 

2032-2036 

2037-2041 

2042-2046 

F- 20 

interest in and to the property
free and clear of all charges, encumbrances and claims, except a sliding scale Net smelter return (or NSR) royalty. 

shares of Company common stock and paid
 in October 2014, and RMM must pay to Mojave a total of over the next 10 years of which the Company has made all required
payments and paid as of December 31, 2022, and one remaining payment for to be paid in 2023. 

Change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax rate change 
 - 
 - 
 
 Effective tax rate 

Other 

Mineral property 

Stock compensation 

Warrant revaluation 

Total deferred tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset 

F- 21 

and
 net operating loss carryover as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. The net operating loss may offset
against taxable income, with of the net operating loss carryover begins expiring in 2030 and with no expiry date
may be subject to U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitations. 

units Units of the Company at a price of C 
per Unit, including the units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters in the Offering (the
 Underwriters ), for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately C million before deducting Offering expenses. 

Warrant Shares. Each Warrant
is exercisable at any time after January 20, 2023, and prior to January 20, 2026. 

of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering and issued to the Underwriters 
common stock purchase warrants (the Compensation Warrants ). Each Compensation Warrant is exercisable for share of common
stock (each, a Compensation Warrant Share at a price of C for a period of 12 months following the closing of the Offering. 

F-22 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_augusta.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit 4.1 

Description of Securities 

Holders of the shares of common stock, par value 0.0001, in the capital
of the Company (the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote.
Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore, subject to the rights of any outstanding Preferred Stock, holders
of a majority of the shares of Common Stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Holders of the Company s
Common Stock representing one-third of the voting power of the Company s capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote,
represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders. Directors are elected by a plurality
of the votes. A vote by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental
corporate changes such as merger or an amendment to the Company s certificate of Incorporation. 

Holders of the Company s Common Stock are entitled to share in
all dividends that the board of directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities
and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the Common Stock. The Company s Common Stock has no
pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to the Company s Common Stock under our
constating documents. 

Pursuant to an investor rights agreement between us, Augusta Investments
Inc. and Barrick Gold Corporation, provided Augusta Investments Inc. or Barrick Gold Corporation own more than 10 of the Company s
Common Stock on the relevant measurement date (calculated on a partially diluted basis), such investor separately has (i) a right to participate
in any offering of the Company s Common Stock (or securities convertible or exercisable for Common Stock), on the same terms as
other participants in the offering, to maintain their then current ownership percentage in the Company and (ii) a top-up right to purchase
securities to cure the dilutive effect of the issuance of shares of Common Stock on conversion or exercise of certain convertible or derivative
securities of the Company where the monetary value of the dilution is greater than 250,000. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Our Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that may discourage
unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make it more difficult to affect
the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices
for our securities. 

These provisions: 

grant our board of directors the ability to designate the
terms of and issue new series of Preferred Stock, which can be created and issued by the board of directors without prior stockholder
approval, with rights senior to those of the Common Stock; and 

impose limitations on our stockholders ability to
call special stockholder meetings. 

Further, Mr. Richard Warke, our Executive Chairman, controls 22,039,388
shares of common stock with the right to acquire an additional 18,865,727 shares underlying warrants and a further right to acquire 266,667
shares underlying options representing 41.87 of the issued and outstanding voting shares of the Company on a partially diluted basis
as of August 18, 2022 and Barrick Gold Corporation controls 9,100,000 shares of common stock with the right to acquire an additional 9,100,000
shares underlying warrants, representing 20.61 of the issued and outstanding voting shares of the Company on a partially diluted basis
as of August 18, 2022 and Barrick Gold Corporation has the right to designate a director nominee for nomination by our Board to election
as a director by the stockholders for so long a Barrick owns 10 of the Company s Common Stock (on a partially diluted basis). The
large concentration of our voting shares in two stockholders and Barrick s nomination right makes it more difficult to effect the
removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices
for our securities. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a
corporation may indemnify directors and officers as well as other employees and individuals against expenses including attorneys 
fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with various actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative other than an action by or in the right of the corporation, a derivative action, if they acted in good
faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to
any criminal action or proceeding, if they had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. A similar standard is applicable
in the case of derivative actions, except that indemnification only extends to expenses including attorneys fees incurred in connection
with the defense or settlement of such actions, and the statute requires court approval before there can be any indemnification where
the person seeking indemnification has been found liable to the corporation. The statute provides that it is not exclusive of other indemnification
that may be granted by a corporation s certificate of incorporation, bylaws, agreement, a vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise. 

The Company s Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provide
that it will indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended
from time to time, each person that such section grants us the power to indemnify. 

The Delaware General Corporation Law permits a corporation to provide
in its certificate of incorporation that a director of the corporation shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability for: 

any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the
corporation or its stockholders; 

acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

payments of unlawful dividends or unlawful stock repurchases
or redemptions; or 

any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit. 

The Company s Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provide
that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, none of our directors will be personally liable to us or our stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that the By-Laws state that no such indemnity shall be made in respect
of any matter as to which a director or officer shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that
the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine, upon application, that, despite the adjudication of liability but
in view of all the circumstances of the case, such director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses
which the court deems proper. Any repeal or modification of this provision will be prospective only and will not adversely affect any
limitation, right or protection of a director of our Company existing at the time of such repeal or modification. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_augusta.htm
 CONSENT OF DAVIDSON & COMPANY LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-266055) of Augusta Gold Corp. of our report dated March 15, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial
statements appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Augusta Gold Corp. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We also consent to the reference to us under the
caption Experts in this Registration Statement. 

/s/ DAVIDSON COMPANY LLP 

Vancouver, Canada 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 

March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_augusta.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Donald R. Taylor, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Augusta Gold Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have; 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such internal control over financial reporting
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the board of directors of the registrant s board of directors
(or other persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Donald R. Taylor 

Donald R. Taylor 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_augusta.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael McClelland, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Augusta Gold Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have; 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such internal control over financial reporting
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the board of directors of the registrant s board of directors
(or other persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael McClelland 

Michael McClelland 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_augusta.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Augusta Gold Corp. (the Company ), for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Donald R. Taylor, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Donald R. Taylor 

Donald R. Taylor 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_augusta.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Augusta Gold Corp. (the Company ), for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael McClelland, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company. 

Date: March 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael McClelland 

Michael McClelland 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 augg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 augg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 augg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 augg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 augg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

