<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1865191_0001731122-23-000490.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4398939</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>402754</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>818420</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1214813</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>825465</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1014097</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000490.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329140050
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000490
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TG Venture Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865191
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				861985947
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41000
		FILM NUMBER:		23774393

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1390 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011 852 5124 8080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1390 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000490.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 e4440_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For The Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of issuer as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Global Market 

Global Market 

Global Market 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officer during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 249.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately . The aggregate market value was computed by reference to the
last sale price 0 price per share) of such common equity as of that date. 

As of March 29, 2023, the registrant
had shares of Class A common stock (11,500,000 of which are subject to possible redemption) and shares
of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE 

TGV , TG Venture ,
 the Company , we , us and our refer to TG Venture Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation, unless the context otherwise requires. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements
and information that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available
to us. Such statements should not be unduly relied upon. Forward-looking statements include statements about our expectations,
beliefs, plans, objectives, intentions, assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts or that are not present
facts or conditions. Forward-looking statements and information can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
or words, such as anticipate, approximately, believe, continue, estimate, 
 expect, forecast, intend, may, ongoing, pending, 
 perceive, plan, potential, predict, project, seeks, 
 should, views or similar words or phrases or variations thereon, or the negatives of those words or
phrases, or statements that events, conditions or results can, will, may, must, 
 would, could or should occur or be achieved and similar expressions in connection with
any discussion, expectation or projection of future operating or financial performance, costs, regulations, events or trends. The
absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

Forward-looking statements and information
are based on management s current expectations and assumptions, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and
changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. These statements reflect our current view concerning future events and
are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. There are important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially
from those described in this report as anticipated, estimated or expected, as well as general conditions in the economy, petrochemicals
industry and capital markets, Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC regulations which affect trading
in the securities of penny stocks, and other risks and uncertainties. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in any forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Depending on the market for our stock
and other conditional tests, a specific safe harbor under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 may be available.
Notwithstanding the above, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), expressly state that the
safe harbor for forward-looking statements does not apply to companies that issue penny stock. Because we may from time to time
be considered to be an issuer of penny stock, the safe harbor for forward-looking statements may not apply to us at certain times. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 17 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 17 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
 17 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 1 7 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 17 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY; RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES 
 18 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 28 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 28 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 29 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 30 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 36 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 36 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 38 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 43 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS 
 44 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 SUMMARY 
 44 

SIGNATURES 
 45 

3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS. 

Overview 

TG Venture Acquisition Corp.
(the Company or TG Venture is a blank check company whose business purpose is to effect a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses,
which we refer to as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have
not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination
target with respect to an initial business combination with us. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not
be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to initially focus our search on identifying a prospective
target business in the technology industries in the United States and other developed countries, with a special focus within the
space technology, financial technology, technology, media and telecom TMT industries
and related sectors. Though our sponsor is a Hong Kong company, a majority of our management are located outside of China (including
Hong Kong and Macau) and we will not undertake our initial business combination with any entity that conducts a majority of its
business or is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Corporate Information 

TG Venture was incorporated
in Delaware in 2021. Our principal executive offices are located at 1390 Market Street, Suite 200 San Francisco, CA 94102. Our
corporate website is https://tgventureacquisition.com/ 

IPO 

On
November 5, 2021, TG Venture consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 11,500,000 units (the Units ),
which included 1,500,000 Units upon a full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one
share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), and one
redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Warrant ), with each Warrant entitling the holder
thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of 115,000,000. 

On
November 5, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale (the Private
Placement of an aggregate of 5,500,000 Warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to Tsangs Group
Holdings Limited (the Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross
proceeds to the Company of 5,500,000. Each of the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable to purchase one share of Class A
Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share. 

A
total of 117,300,000 of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a U.S.-based trust
account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

4 

Business Combination Agreement 

On
December 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement by and among (i) The Flexi Group Limited, a business company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands (the Flexi ), (ii) The Flexi Group Holdings, Ltd., a business company with limited liability
incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Flexi PubCo 
and, together with Flexi, the Flexi Group ), (iii) The Flexi Merger Co. Ltd., a business company with
limited liability incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger
Sub 1 ), and (iv) Flexi Merger Co. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of PubCo Merger Sub 2 and, Merger Sub 2, PubCo and Merger Sub 1, each, individually, an Acquisition
Entity ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this section, but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge
with and into Flexi (the Initial Merger ), whereby the separate existence of Merger Sub 1 will cease
and Flexi will be the surviving entity of the Initial Merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, and (ii) following
confirmation of the effective filing of the documents required to implement the Initial Merger, Merger Sub 2 will merge with and
into TGVC (the SPAC Merger and together with the Initial Merger, the Mergers ),
the separate existence of Merger Sub 2 will cease and the Company will be the surviving entity of the SPAC Merger and a direct
wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo. 

As
a result of the Mergers, among other things, (i) each outstanding Flexi Ordinary Share will be cancelled in exchange for the right
to receive such number of PubCo Ordinary Shares that is equal to the Company Exchange Ratio, (ii) each outstanding SPAC Unit will
be automatically detached and the holder thereof will be deemed to hold one share of SPAC Class A Common Stock and one SPAC Warrant,
(iii) each outstanding share of SPAC Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into SPAC Class A Common Stock, (iv) each
outstanding share of SPAC Class A Common Stock will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive such number of PubCo Ordinary
Shares that is equal to the SPAC Exchange Ratio, and (v) each outstanding SPAC Warrant will be assumed by PubCo and converted into
a warrant to purchase PubCo Ordinary Shares (each, an Assumed SPAC Warrant ). 

Earnout 

The
Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, provides that Flexi shareholders as of the
Initial Merger will have the right to receive up to an aggregate of 2,900,000 additional PubCo Ordinary Shares based on the total
annual revenues of PubCo in each of the two fiscal years following the Closing Date. 

Representations, Warranties and Covenants 

The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties, which will not survive the Closing.
Many of the representations and warranties are qualified by materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect (with respect to Flexi)
or SPAC Material Adverse Effect (with respect to the Company). Material Adverse Effect as used in the Business Combination
Agreement means with respect to Flexi or the Company, as applicable, any event, state of facts, development, change, circumstance,
occurrence or effect that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on (i) the business, assets and liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of the applicable party and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of such party or any of its subsidiaries to consummate the Transactions, in
each case subject to certain customary exceptions. Certain of the representations are subject to specified exceptions and qualifications
contained in the Business Combination Agreement or in information provided pursuant to certain disclosure schedules to the Business
Combination Agreement. 

5 

The
Business Combination Agreement also contains pre-closing covenants of the parties, including obligations of the parties to operate
their respective businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, and to refrain from taking certain specified
actions without the prior written consent of the other applicable parties, in each case, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications.
Additionally, the parties have agreed not to solicit, negotiate or enter into competing transactions, as further provided in the
Business Combination Agreement. The covenants do not survive the Closing (other than those that are to be performed after the Closing). 

As
promptly as practicable after the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company and PubCo have agreed to prepare
and file with the SEC, a Registration Statement on Form F-4 (as amended, the F-4 Registration Statement in connection with the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
of the offer and issuance of the PubCo Ordinary Shares and Assumed SPAC Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement The F-4 Registration Statement will contain a proxy statement/prospectus for the purpose of (i) the Company soliciting
proxies from its shareholders to approve the Business Combination Agreement, the Transactions and related matters (the the
Company Shareholder Approval at a special meeting of the Company shareholders (the Shareholder Meeting ),
(ii) providing the Company s shareholders an opportunity, in accordance with its organizational documents and initial public
offering prospectus, to redeem their shares of SPAC Class A Common Stock (collectively, the Redemptions ),
and (iii) PubCo s offering and issuance of the PubCo Ordinary Shares and Assumed Warrants in connection with the Transactions. 

PubCo
agreed to take all action within its power so that effective at the Closing, the board of directors of PubCo will consist of no
less than five individuals, two of whom may be designated by the Sponsor, and a majority of whom shall be independent directors
in accordance with Nasdaq requirements, and which shall comply with all diversity requirements under applicable Law. 

In
addition, prior to Closing, PubCo agreed to amend and restate its Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association (the PubCo
Governing Documents ). The PubCo Governing Documents will include customary provisions for a memorandum of association
and articles of association of a British Virgin Islands publicly traded company that is traded on Nasdaq. 

Conditions to the Parties Obligations
to Consummate the Mergers 

Under
the Business Combination Agreement, the parties obligations to consummate the Transactions are subject to a number of customary
conditions for special purpose acquisition companies, including, among others, the following: (i) the approval of the Mergers and
the other shareholder proposals required to approve the Transactions by the Company s and Flexi s shareholders, (ii)
all specified approvals or consents (including governmental and regulatory approvals) have been obtained and all waiting, notice,
or review periods have expired or been terminated, as applicable, (iii) the effectiveness of the F-4 Registration Statement, (iv)
PubCo s initial listing application with Nasdaq shall have been conditionally approved and, immediately following the Closing,
PubCo shall satisfy any applicable initial and continuing listing requirements of Nasdaq and PubCo shall not have received any
notice of non-compliance therewith, and (v) the PubCo Ordinary Shares and Assumed SPAC Warrants having been approved for listing
on Nasdaq, subject to round lot holder requirements. 

In
addition to these customary closing conditions, the Company must also hold net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately
prior to Closing, net of Redemptions and liabilities (including the Company s transaction expenses). 

The
obligations of the Company to consummate the Transactions are also subject to, among other things (i) the representations and warranties
of Flexi and of each Acquisition Entity being true and correct, subject to the materiality standards contained in the Business
Combination Agreement, (ii) material compliance by Flexi and each Acquisition Entity with its pre-closing covenants, and (iii)
the absence of a Company Material Adverse Effect. 

In
addition, the obligations of Flexi to consummate the Transactions are also subject to, among other things (i) the representations
and warranties of the Company being true and correct, subject to the materiality standards contained in the Business Combination
Agreement, (ii) material compliance by the Company with its pre-closing covenants, and (iii) the absence of a SPAC Material Adverse
Effect. 

6 

Termination Rights 

The
Business Combination Agreement contains certain termination rights, including, among others, the following: (i) upon the mutual
written consent of the Company and Flexi, (ii) if the consummation of the Transactions is prohibited by governmental order, (iii)
if the Closing has not occurred on or before May 5, 2023, (iv) in connection with a breach of a representation, warranty, covenant
or other agreement by Flexi or the Company which is not capable of being cured or is not cured within 30 days after receipt of
notice of such breach, (v) by either the Company or Flexi if the board of directors of the other party publicly changes its recommendation
with respect to the Business Combination Agreement and Transactions and related shareholder approvals under certain circumstances
detailed in the Business Combination Agreement, (vi) by either the Company or Flexi if the Shareholder Meeting is held and the
Company Shareholder Approval is not received, (vii) by the Company if the requisite Company Audited Financial Statements and PCAOB-compliant
unaudited financials of Flexi for the first, second and third quarters of 2022 (to the extent required in accordance with the Business
Combination Agreement) have not been delivered by January 4, 2023, with respect to the first and second quarters, and January 16,
2023, with respect to the third quarter, or (viii) by the Company if Flexi does not receive the written consent of its shareholders
to the Business Combination Agreement and related approvals within five business days after the F-4 Registration Statement has
become effective. 

None
of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement are required to pay a termination fee or reimburse any other party for its
expenses as a result of a termination of the Business Combination Agreement. However, each party will remain liable for willful
and material breaches of the Business Combination Agreement prior to termination. 

Trust Account Waiver 

Flexi
and each Acquisition Entity agreed that it and its affiliates will not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in
or to any monies in the Company s trust account held for its public shareholders, and agreed not to, and waived any right
to, make any claim against the trust account (including any distributions therefrom). 

The
Business Combination Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the foregoing description thereof
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Business Combination Agreement. The Business Combination Agreement
provides investors with information regarding its terms and is not intended to provide any other factual information about the
parties. In particular, the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the Business Combination Agreement
were made as of the execution date of the Business Combination Agreement only and are qualified by information in confidential
disclosure schedules provided by the parties to each other in connection with the signing of the Business Combination Agreement.
These disclosure schedules contain information that modifies, qualifies, and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties
set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Moreover, certain representations and warranties in the Business Combination Agreement
may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters of fact. Accordingly,
you should not rely on the representations and warranties in the Business Combination Agreement as characterizations of the actual
statements of fact about the parties. 

Shareholder Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, PubCo, Flexi and certain Flexi shareholders entered into a Shareholder
Support Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, certain Flexi shareholders agreed (i) to vote their Flexi shares in favor
of the Business Combination Agreement (including by execution of a written consent), the Mergers and the other Transactions, (ii)
to waive any rights to seek appraisal or rights of dissent in connection with the Business Combination Agreement, the Mergers and
the transactions contemplated thereby; and (iii) to consent to the termination of all shareholder agreements with Flexi (with certain
exceptions), effective at Closing, subject to the terms and conditions contemplated by the Shareholder Support Agreement. Flexi
shareholders party to the Shareholder Support Agreement collectively have a sufficient number of votes to approve the Business
Combination Agreement, the Mergers and the other Transactions. 

7 

The
Shareholder Support Agreement and all of its provisions will terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the earlier of
the Closing and termination of the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to its terms. Upon such termination of the Shareholder
Support Agreement, all obligations of the parties under the Shareholder Support Agreement will terminate; provided , however ,
that such termination will not relieve any party thereto from liability arising in respect of any breach of the Shareholder Support
Agreement prior to such termination. 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement with the Sponsor,
PubCo, Flexi, and certain members of the Company s board of directors and management team (the Holders ),
pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor and the Holders agreed to vote their the Company shares in favor of the Business
Combination Agreement (including by execution of a written consent), the Mergers and the other Transactions, subject to the terms
and conditions contemplated by the Sponsor Support Agreement. 

The
Sponsor Support Agreement and all of its provisions will terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the earlier to occur
of Closing and termination of the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to its terms. 

Lock-Up Agreement 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company and PubCo entered into separate Lock-Up Agreements (each
a Lock-Up Agreement with Sponsor, certain members of the Company s board of directors and management
team, and certain Flexi shareholders, pursuant to which 95 of the PubCo Ordinary Shares to be received by such shareholders will
be locked-up and subject to transfer restrictions for a period of time following the Closing, as described below, subject to certain
exceptions. That portion of the securities held by such shareholders will be locked-up until the earliest of: (i) the six month
anniversary of the date of the Closing, (ii) subsequent to the Business Combination, if the last sale price of PubCo Ordinary Shares
equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like),
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the date of the Business Combination,
and (iii) the date after the Closing on which PubCo completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or
other similar transaction which results in all of PubCo s shareholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings
in PubCo for cash, securities or other property. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, PubCo entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement with Sponsor and certain Flexi shareholders pursuant to which, among other things, PubCo agreed
to provide Sponsor and such shareholders with certain rights relating to the registration for resale under the Securities Act of
the PubCo Ordinary Shares and Assumed Warrants that they received in the Mergers. 

Forms
of the foregoing agreements related to the Business Combination Transaction are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report, and the
foregoing description thereof is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the respective agreement. 

The
transaction is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2023, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing
conditions. After closing, The Flexi Group s ordinary shares are expected to trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under ticker
symbol FLXG. 

8 

PROPOSED BUSINESS 

We are a newly organized
blank check company incorporated on February 8, 2021 as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses,
which we refer to as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well
as activities related to the IPO. Though our sponsor is a Hong Kong company, a majority of our management are located outside of
China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and we will not undertake our initial business combination with any entity that conducts
a majority of its business or is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We have not selected any specific business
combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly,
with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. We have generated no operating revenues
to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination. 

The Company plans to take
a differentiated approach compared to the recent plethora of special purpose acquisition company SPAC issuances
by focusing its initial business combination search on the following industry segments: 

Artificial Intelligence AI and Machine Learning 

Robotic Process Automation RPA 

Edge Computing 

Quantum Computing 

Virtual Reality VR 

Augmented Reality 

Blockchain 

Space Exploration 

Internet of Things 

5G Data and Telecommunications 

Cybersecurity 

AI Powered Drug Discovery 

Hydrogen Energy 

Electrical Vehicle Charging Infrastructure 

Financial Technology 

Technology, media and telecom TMT 

We will not be limited to
any particular industry, sector or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a business combination target, except
that we will not undertake our initial business combination with any entity that conducts a majority of its business or is headquartered
in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). However, we believe that we have created a significant competitive advantage compared
to other SPACs that have chosen to pursue potential business combinations with a much wider targeted mandate. With nearly 420 active
SPACs as of June 11, 2021 still searching for a business combination, target companies have never had more choices nor do they
necessarily know which SPACs to approach. By assembling a management team and board of directors with highly successful operating
and investing track records in the industries we seek to pursue, we believe that we will be the preferred SPAC partner for the
highest quality assets within our focus areas. In addition, our management team and board of directors have vast experience both
investing in and leading various organizations, both public and private, and domestic and international government agencies. This
experience base affords us the opportunity to leverage our robust network of contacts to execute our focused strategy across the
globe. 

9 

We also intend to concentrate
our efforts on identifying businesses with enterprise values less than 1.25 billion. We believe that this segment of the
market is underserved and has greater valuation arbitrage opportunities and more favorable competitive dynamics compared to many
SPACs that are targeting assets with enterprise values greater than 2 billion. In 2020, the average SPAC initial public offering
raised gross proceeds of 336 million. Raising less capital in our IPO will enable us to offer target companies at our preferred
valuation range a more compelling transaction structure versus larger SPACs that may be seeking a similar asset. In addition, we
can maintain a higher degree of agility and flexibility should we choose to pursue a business with an enterprise value greater
than 1.25 billion by leveraging our public stock as additional currency for the merger consideration. 

We believe we have the right
team, strategy and market opportunity to identify, acquire and manage a best-in-class business with the ultimate
mandate of delivering an attractive return to all stakeholders. 

Our co-Founders, Pui Lan
Patrick Tsang (Chairman and CEO) and Philip Rettger (CFO and Director), are industry pioneers, visionary investors, serial entrepreneurs
and deeply experienced operators with an extensive deal-making history. Over the course of their careers, Mr. Tsang and Mr. Rettger
have founded, controlled, assembled and financed enterprises across various segments and industries, including cable, broadcast,
cellular, fiber, satellite, communications technologies, wireless broadband, energy and technology invention and project development.
As pioneering investors, they have brought value and profits to stockholders of numerous businesses through rollups, acquisitions,
mergers, both independently and in partnerships with other public corporations, and private equity firms. 

Mr. Tsang and Mr. Rettger
have shown repeated foresight in identifying and investing in key trends that have shaped the global space technology, financial
technology and TMT markets. In bringing vision into reality, they
have consistently built cohesive executive teams and culture-led organizations to execute within competitive markets. 

Mr. Tsang currently serves
as Chairman of Tsangs Group, a fourth-generation Single-Family Office. Tsangs Group
has made concentrated investments in companies, businesses and assets across multiple sectors, and currently has operations in
over 50 countries spanning 6 continents. In most circumstances, Tsangs Group prefers to make investments in a project of early
stage in a particular sector and subsequently seek to make complementary investments in that sector to achieve improved economies
of scale, market penetration and operating efficiencies. 

The co-Founders have proven
their extensive deal-making abilities throughout their careers and created significant stockholder value across numerous high-profile
transactions including: 

Tsangs Group became the
early-stage investor and strategic advisor to Pulse Evolution Group in 2018, which subsequently acquired the German listed Nexway
Group, and the combined group rebranded as FaceBank Group in 2018. On April 2020, FaceBank Group completed the merger with fuboTV,
the largest vMVPD streaming platform in the US with primary focus on channels that distribute live sports including NFL, MLB, NBA,
NHL and international soccer. fuboTV became successfully listed on the New York Stock Exchange in October 2020 (FUBO:US). When
comparing with the valuation at the time when Tsangs Group came in, the share price of fuboTV reached 62 at the end of December
2020; Tsangs Group achieved an approximately 300 times return in 2 years on this investment. 

Under the leadership of
Patrick Tsang (Chairman of our sponsor), the Original IPO Opportunities SP1 (formerly known as OX Global Fund SPC-OX Global Fund
IPO Opportunities SP1), managed by Original Asset Management Limited (wholly owned by Patrick Tsang and a SFC regulated company)
has been actively involved in the sourcing and investment in the highly sought-after IPO investment opportunities in Asia, Japan,
Korea and the US. The performance of the Fund in 2020 was quite promising with a return of 42.89 for the year then ended. 

Patrick Tsang founded Vale
International Group Limited, which changed its name to Fragrant Prosperity Holdings Limited. It was established to undergo acquisitions
of businesses in the financial and technology sectors in Europe and Asia. It has been listed on the London Stock Exchange since
September 2016. Patrick came in as GBP0.0233 per share and the share price was GBP0.07 on April 10, 2021, achieving a return of
200 . 

Tsangs Group was an investor
of Live Company Group LVCG ), a leading Live Events and Entertainment company. LVCG was founded in 2017 and is trading
on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange. LVCG acquired BRICKLIVE Group and the Parallel Live Group. BRICKLIVE holds events
that have received widespread acclaim of partner-driven shows designed to showcase the benefits of LEGO-brand toys as an educational
tool worldwide. During the very short period of 9 months, Tsangs Group achieved a total return of 33 . 

10 

Permission Required from the Chinese Authorities for a Business
Combination 

As a Delaware corporation with no operations
in China, we are not required to obtain permission from any Chinese authorities to operate and we do not expect that permission
will be required from the Chinese authorities in connection our business combination since we will not undertake our initial business
combination with any entity that conducts a majority of its business or is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Industry Opportunity 

While we may acquire a business in any industry,
our focus will be on the space technology, financial technology and TMT industries in the United States and other developed countries
(excluding mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau). There are a number of emerging technology sub-sections where we believe superior
acquisition opportunities may be identified and secured through management s network and connections. These include, but
are not limited to: 

Artificial Intelligence AI and Machine Learning . Technologies that enable computers to autonomously learn, deduce and act, through utilization of large data sets. These technologies enable development of systems that collect and store massive amounts of data, and analyze that content to make decisions based on probability and statistical analysis. Applications for Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning include speech recognition, computer vision, robotic control and accelerating processes in the empirical sciences where large data sets are essential. 

Robotic Process Automation RPA . Automated or remote-controlled mechanical devices and technology. This includes machinery programmed to perform repetitive tasks such as manufacturing and loading; precision tasks such as surgery or semiconductor production; and remote-operated movement or travel, such as that provided by unmanned aerial vehicles, subsea vehicles and land vehicles. 

Edge Computing . Distributed IT architecture which moves computing resources from clouds and data centers as close as possible to the originating source. Edge computing reduces latency requirements while processing data and saving network costs. The edge can be the router, ISP, routing switches, integrated access devices (IADs), multiplexers, etc. Near-term applications include smart homes and the cloud gaming industry. 

Quantum Computing . The exploitation of collective properties of quantum states, such as superposition and entanglement, to perform computation. Quantum computers are believed to be able to solve certain computational problems, such as integer factorization (which underlies RSA encryption), substantially faster than classical computers. Real-world use includes artificial intelligence, cryptography, financial modelling, molecular modelling, particle physics and weather forecasting. 

Virtual Reality VR . Hardware and software technologies providing an immersive, three-dimensional user experience in a virtual world. VR environments are provided through a computer screen augmented with wearable devices, such as head-mounted stereo-optical displays or sensor-embedded gloves. VR also includes remote communication environments, where users interact with each other through computer-generated avatars. 

Augmented Reality . Technology which overlays superimposed computer-generated images over a view of the real-world, thus altering and/or enhancing the current perception of reality. Companies in this space are involved with hardware and software development, content creation, and distribution related to AR products. This includes headsets, eye tracking technology, smart glasses, video games, mobile applications, training programs, advertising, and commercial and retail applications that utilize AR technology. 

11 

Blockchain . The blockchain refers to a digital ledger that provides a secure way of making and recording transactions, agreements and contracts. Blockchains are unique in that their ledger is distributed across a network of computers such that it cannot be controlled by a single entity and has no single point of failure. This space includes companies involved in developing blockchain applications related to smart contracts, crowd funding, supply chain auditing, cryptocurrency, identity management, intellectual property, and file storage. 

Space Exploration . The provision of services, scientific research, or technology related to spaceflight, satellites, or space exploration. This includes micro-satellites, nano-satellites, ground station networks, rocket technology, payload systems, spacecraft development, satellite imagery, satellite telecommunications, space-based data, space materials, space tourism, and asteroid mining. 

Internet of Things . Products that are enabled with sensors and actuators embedded in physical objects and/or software that uses this sensor data to improve the user experience or allows for sharing this data with a network of other devices, often using the same Internet Protocol that connects the Internet. 

5G Data and Telecommunications . In telecommunications, 5G is the fifth generation technology standard for broadband cellular networks, and is the planned successor to the 4G networks which provide connectivity to most current cellphones. Due to the increased bandwidth, it is expected the networks will increasingly be used as general internet service providers for laptops and desktop computers, competing with existing ISPs such as cable internet, and also will make possible new applications in internet of things (IoT) and machine-to-machine areas. 4G cellphones are not able to use the new networks, which require 5G enabled wireless devices. 

Cybersecurity . Cybersecurity refers to the practice of ensuring the integrity, confidentiality, and availability (ICA) of information. Cybersecurity is comprised of an evolving set of tools, risk management approaches, technologies, training, and best practices designed to protect networks, devices, programs, and data from attacks or unauthorized access. Common types of cybersecurity include network security, data loss prevention, cloud security, intrusion detection/prevention systems, identity and access management and antivirus/anti-malware solutions. 

AI Powered Drug Discovery . AI and other innovative technologies that use data from multiple sources can enable more precise, targeted treatments that will help shift the health ecosystem toward a future where medicine is personalized, predictive, preventative, and participatory. While these solutions focus mostly on transforming the process of small-molecule research, they are also showing potential in the identification of new biologics such as therapeutic antibodies against cancer, fibrosis, and other diseases. 

Electrical Vehicle Charging Infrastructure . The number of charging outlets has expanded as awareness and adoption of electric vehicles has increased, and this trend is expected to continue and accelerate as large automakers continue to make investments into electric vehicle development. Includes companies building EV charging infrastructure to support the electrification of the mobility sector. 

Hydrogen Energy . Hydrogen is potentially promising as an energy storage and delivery system, due to its zero emissions output (other than water) and high energy density per weight unit. Companies in this space are developing methods, machines, and materials to use hydrogen for multiple purposes. Key technologies represented here include the design and manufacture of hydrogen fuel cells, new methods of hydrogen production, hydrogen storage, hydrogen fuel infrastructure, and hydrogen-powered mobility solutions. 

Financial Technology . FinTech is disruptive to our life every day. The power dynamics in the payments industry are changing as consumers shift from cash and checks to digital payment methods and the COVID-19 Pandemic accelerated digitization. The payments industry demonstrated its adaptability, springing quickly to serve as a crisis response co-partner for individuals and businesses, assist in distributing government stimulus payments, and help customers, merchants, and corporate clients transact in contactless ways. Favorable trends such as the shift to contactless payments, the growing adoption of digital wallets, and the more widespread use of B2B payments automation are lifting the industry s prospects. 

Technology, media and telecom . The TMT, sector is an industry grouping that includes the majority of companies focused on new technologies. The TMT sector is sometimes also referred to as technology, media, and communications TMC ). 

12 

Business Strategy 

We
believe the future success of the capital markets for space technology , financial technology and TMT, companies
is dependent on new company formation, the sustainability of robust private market funding and an increased willingness of private
technology companies to become publicly-traded and therefore become available to a broader universe of investors who can benefit
from their disruption and growth. Our mission is to create an alternative path to a traditional IPO for disruptive and agile technology
companies to achieve their long-term objectives and overcome key deterrents to becoming public. By leveraging our extensive operational
experience and network, we believe we can provide a number of benefits to potential targets and public market investors that can
potentially lead to attractive long-term risk-adjusted returns in the public markets. Though our sponsor is a Hong Kong
company, a majority of our management are located outside of China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and we will not undertake our
initial business combination with any entity that conducts a majority of its business or is headquartered in China (including Hong
Kong and Macau). 

Our strategy revolves around seeking targets
in the following sectors: 

Technologies including but not limited to: 

Artificial Intelligence AI and Machine Learning 

Robotic Process Automation RPA 

Edge Computing 

Quantum Computing 

Virtual Reality VR 

Augmented Reality 

Blockchain 

Space Exploration 

Internet of Things 

5G Data and Telecommunications 

Cybersecurity 

AI Powered Drug Discovery 

Hydrogen Energy 

Electrical Vehicle Charging Infrastructure 

Financial Technology 

Technology, media and telecom, or TMT 

We also intend to concentrate
our efforts on identifying businesses with enterprise values of less than 1.25 billion and may be located in the United States
and other developed countries. We believe this segment of the market has greater sourcing inefficiencies, as companies of this
scale and geographic footprint tend to be overlooked. Our core competencies and international rolodex will allow
us to identify opportunities earlier, move faster, and catalyze more accretive value creation strategies compared to our competition.
In addition to potential business combinations, we may identify on our own, we also anticipate that our focused mandate and pedigreed
team will generate inbound leads from various sources outside of our network, including investment market participants, private
equity and venture capital groups, investment banking firms, consultants, and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core
assets or divisions. 

13 

Our management team possesses
the following characteristics necessary to execute on our business strategy: 

Extensive leadership experience : Our management team and board of directors have held leadership positions at and invested in some of the world s most cutting edge and forward-thinking public and private companies in our core focus areas. 

Access to proprietary deal flow : As both lead investors and operators with deep relationships across the globe, we have access to specific opportunities before they become more widely available to others. 

Deep-pocketed network : Our network includes asset managers who collectively manage billions of dollars, allowing us to support fully the strategies we wish to implement and provide target companies with deal certainty. 

Focus on aligning interests : We have a deep commitment to providing win-win scenarios for all stakeholders and intend to focus on generating attractive outcomes for our investors as well as the target company s stockholders, employees and customers. 

Extensive investing and M A experience : Our team has completed numerous investments and transactions with companies through their lifecycle, including seed and growth equity rounds, IPOs and integrating acquisitions. 

Track record of value creation : We have a long history of generating substantial risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders across public and private markets and through many business cycles over the last several decades. 

While we may pursue an acquisition
opportunity in the space technology, financial technology, and TMT industries in the United Stated and other developed countries,
we intend to identify and acquire a business that could benefit from a hands-on owner with extensive operational experience and
that presents potential for an attractive risk-adjusted return profile under our stewardship. 

Acquisition Criteria 

We
intend to leverage what we believe is a competitive advantage in sourcing potential targets that will materially benefit from our
unique expertise and where we are best situated to augment the value of the business following the completion of the initial business
combination. 

We
believe our management team is well positioned to identify unique opportunities across the space technology , financial technology
and TMT industries, but we will not undertake our initial business combination with an entity
that conducts a majority of its business or is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Our selection process will
leverage our relationships with leading company founders, executives of private and public companies, venture capitalists and growth
equity funds, in addition to the extensive industry and geographical reach of TG Venture s platforms, which we believe should
provide us with a key competitive advantage in sourcing potential business combination targets. Given our profile and thematic
approach, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources. 

We
also believe that our founders reputation, experience and track record of making investments especially in the space technology ,
financial technology and TMT industries
will make us a preferred partner for these potential targets. 

14 

We also anticipate offering
the following benefits to our business combination partner: 

Partnership with our management team and board of directors who have extensive and proven experiences in leading, operating and investing in world-class companies in our focus areas; 

Access to our vast network of contacts and relationships across the globe to accelerate growth initiatives; 

Access to deep-pocketed, fundamental investors who can provide confidence with respect to deal closure and long-term support of implementing management s strategy; 

A listed public currency for future acquisitions and quick access to the capital markets to support organic growth opportunities; 

Ability for the existing management team to retain control and accelerate their long-term vision. 

Consistent
with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines to evaluate prospective target businesses.
We may, however, decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria
and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses that we believe: 

can be leaders or pioneers in space technology , financial technology and TMT; 

are technology first companies with strong portfolios of intellectual property, trade secrets and know-how; 

can benefit from the extensive networks and insights we have built. 

can use technology to drive meaningful operational improvements and efficiency gains; 

are ready to operate in the scrutiny of public markets, with strong management, corporate governance and reporting policies in place; 

will likely be well received by public investors and are expected to have good access to the public capital markets; 

are at an inflection point, such as those requiring additional management expertise, innovation to develop new products or services, improvement of financial performance or growth through a business combination; 

have significant embedded and/or underexploited expansion opportunities; 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the market, based on our company-specific analysis and due diligence review; for a potential target company, this process will include, among other things, a review and analysis of the company s capital structure, quality of earnings, potential for operational improvements, corporate governance, customers, material contracts, and industry background and trends; and 

will offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our stockholders. 

We
may use other criteria and guidelines as well. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that does not
meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that fact in our stockholder communications related to the acquisition.
As discussed elsewhere in this Report, this would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that
we would file with the SEC. 

Initial Business Combination 

NASDAQ rules require
that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at 
least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We expect to be able to
comply with NASDAQ rules and by reason of our arrangements with ThinkEquity, there are no deferred underwriting commissions.
Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board
of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with
respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make
an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less
familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value
of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to NASDAQ rules, any initial business combination must be approved
by a majority of our independent directors. 

15 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such
a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in
order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete
an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us
in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares
in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in
the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our
initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of
NASDAQ s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 
fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses
together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

Our Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective
business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a
review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), inspection
of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We will
also seek to utilize the expertise of our management team in the space technology, financial technology and TMT industries and
evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile
of the target business. 

Members of our management
team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or placement warrants and, accordingly, may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event
we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. 

Certain of our officers
and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director
is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity, including Mr. Patrick Tsang, our CEO, who is also an independent
director of Model, another blank check company. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination
opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity
to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not
materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent
the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

In addition, members of
our team may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment
ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such
potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

16 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will
be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business
combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise
their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants,
and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are
located at 1390 Market Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, California 94102, and our telephone number is (628) 251-1369. Our executive
offices are provided to us by our sponsor. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have two officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of
their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed
our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We
do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment
agreement with any member of our management team. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As the Company is a smaller reporting company,
this item is not applicable. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

As the Company is a smaller reporting company,
this item is not applicable. 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY. 

Our principal executive office is located at
1390 Market Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, California 94102 and we pay a monthly rent of 445. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

There is no material litigation, arbitration
or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

As the Company is a smaller reporting company,
this item is not applicable. 

17 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

The units, Class A common stock and warrants
were approved for listing on the NASDAQ Global Market NASDAQ ), under the symbol TGVCU, TGVC 
and TGVCW, respectively on November 2, 2021. Commencing on November 22, 2021, holders of the Units can elect to separately
trade the shares of Class A common stock and warrants included in the Units. Any Units not separated will continue to trade on
the NASDAQ under the symbol TGVCU . Any underlying Class A common stock and warrants that are separated will trade
on the NASDAQ under the symbols TGVC and TGVCW, respectively. Our CUSIP numbers are 87251T 109 for
our common stock, 87251T 117 for the warrant and 87251T 208 for the Unit. 

Holders 

As of March 29, 2023 in accordance with our
transfer agent records, we had 1 record holder of our common stock. This number excludes any estimate by us of the number of
beneficial owners of shares held in street name, the accuracy of which cannot be guaranteed. 

Dividends 

We have never paid cash dividends on any of
our capital stock and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business.
We do not intend to pay cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans 

We do
not currently have any equity compensation plans. 

Sale of Unregistered Securities 

Information regarding any equity securities
we have sold since inception that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended is set forth below. Each such
transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC, unless otherwise noted. Unless stated otherwise: (i) the securities were
offered and sold only to accredited investors; (ii) there was no general solicitation or general advertising related to the offerings;
(iii) each of the persons who received these unregistered securities had knowledge and experience in financial and business matters
which allowed them to evaluate the merits and risk of the receipt of these securities, and that they were knowledgeable about our
operations and financial condition; (iv) no underwriter participated in, nor did we pay any commissions or fees to any underwriter
in connection with the transactions; and, (v) each certificate issued for these unregistered securities contained a legend stating
that the securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and setting forth the restrictions on the transferability
and the sale of the securities. 

18 

Between February and March 2021, we issued
an aggregate of 2,589,149 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 23,282, in cash, or approximately 0.009 per share.
We also issued 150,000 founder shares to each of TriPoint and HFI for a purchase price of 1,350 each. The number of founder shares
issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of common
stock after the IPO. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501
of Regulation D. 

On November 2, 2021,
the Sponsor entered into an Agreement with the Company s three independent directors under which they were each assigned
30,000 of the Founder Shares the Sponsor owned, as an inducement to serve as directors of the Company, for which they paid 0.009
per share, or an aggregate of 810. The shares vested upon the consummation of the IPO. The fair value of the 90,000 shares at
November 2, 2021, was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model to be approximately 706,000 in the aggregate, which the Company
recorded as director compensation expense. 

On November 5, 2021,
the Company consummated the IPO of 11,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Common stock included
in the Units being offered, the Public Shares and the warrants included in the Units being offered, the Public
Warrants at 10.00 per Unit, including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment of 1,500,000 Units,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of 115,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, the Company consummated
the private placement of 5,500,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per
Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 5,500,000. 

Use of Proceeds 

The IPO generated
gross proceeds to the Company of 115,000,000. The Private Placement generated gross proceeds to the Company of 5,500,000. 

A total of 117,300,000
of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

Transaction costs
of the IPO amounted to 3,040,822 consisting of 1,150,000 of underwriting commissions, 575,000 of fair value of
the Units issued to ThinkEquity LLC (the representative of the underwriters), 579,110 of fair value of the Founder Shares
sold to advisors in excess of proceeds, and 736,712 of other offering costs. The remaining proceeds will be used for paying
existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence
on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring,
negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

Repurchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As the Company is a smaller reporting company,
this item is not applicable. 

19 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

The following discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and result of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related
notes to those financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect
our future operating results or financial position. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained
in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled Risk
Factors and Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on
our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward- looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions.
Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters,
as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K. Factors that might cause or
contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

The following section reflects management s
views on the financial condition as of December 31, 2022, and the results of operations and cash flows for the period ended December
31, 2022. This section is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the Company s audited financial
statements and related notes to the financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a newly organized
blank check company incorporated on February 8, 2021, as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(the Business Combination ). 

While our efforts to identify
a target business may span many industries and regions worldwide, we intend to focus our search for prospects within the space
technology, financial technology, technology, media and telecom TMT industries and related sectors. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone
on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. Though our
sponsor is a Hong Kong company, a majority of our management are located outside of China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and we
will not undertake our initial business combination with any entity that conducts a majority of its business or is headquartered
in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of the IPO and the private placement of the placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial
business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the IPO or otherwise), shares
issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

The issuance of additional
shares in connection with an initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of current shareholders, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

20 

Similarly, if we issue debt
securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

Our
sponsor is Tsangs Group Holdings Limited (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our initial public offering
was declared effective on November 2, 2021 (File No. 333-258773) (the Registration Statement ). On November 5, 2021,
we consummated the IPO of 11,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Common stock included in the Units
being offered, the Public Shares and the warrants included in the Units being offered, the Public Warrants at 10.00 per Unit, including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment of 1,500,000 Units. Transaction costs
amounted to 3,040,822 consisting of 1,150,000 of underwriting commissions, 575,000 of fair value of the Units issued to ThinkEquity
LLC ThinkEquity ), the representative of the underwriters, 579,110 of fair value of the Founder Shares sold to advisors
in excess of proceeds, and 736,712 of other offering costs, and were charged to stockholders equity upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of 5,500,000 Warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of
 5,500,000. 

21 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, an amount of 117,300,000 10.20 per Unit) from the net
proceeds of the sale of Units in the IPO and a portion of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was deposited
into a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company acting as trustee, and will be invested only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to us
to pay franchise and income tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from the
IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of: (a) the completion
of the initial Business Combination; (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem
100 of the Public Shares if we are unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the
IPO, May 5, 2023; or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination
activity; and (c) the redemption of 100 of the Public Shares if we are unable to complete the initial Business Combination within
the required time frame (subject to the requirements of applicable law). 

We
have 18 months from the closing of the IPO, until May 5, 2023 (the Combination Period to complete the initial Business
Combination. If we are unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but no more than ten business days thereafter
subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to us to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right
to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants,
which will expire worthless if we fail to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

On
December 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement by and among (i) The Flexi Group Limited, a business company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands (the Flexi ), (ii) The Flexi Group Holdings, Ltd., a business company with limited liability
incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Flexi PubCo 
and, together with Flexi, the Flexi Group ), (iii) The Flexi Merger Co. Ltd., a business company with
limited liability incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger
Sub 1 ), and (iv) Flexi Merger Co. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of PubCo Merger Sub 2 and, Merger Sub 2, PubCo and Merger Sub 1, each, individually, an Acquisition
Entity ). Capitalized terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
given to them in the Business Combination Agreement. 

22 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge
with and into Flexi (the Initial Merger ), whereby the separate existence of Merger Sub 1 will cease
and Flexi will be the surviving entity of the Initial Merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, and (ii) following
confirmation of the effective filing of the documents required to implement the Initial Merger, Merger Sub 2 will merge with and
into TGVC (the SPAC Merger and together with the Initial Merger, the Mergers ),
the separate existence of Merger Sub 2 will cease and TGVC will be the surviving entity of the SPAC Merger and a direct wholly
owned subsidiary of PubCo. 

As
a result of the Mergers, among other things, (i) each outstanding Flexi Ordinary Share will be cancelled in exchange for the right
to receive such number of PubCo Ordinary Shares that is equal to the Company Exchange Ratio, (ii) each outstanding SPAC Unit will
be automatically detached and the holder thereof will be deemed to hold one share of SPAC Class A Common Stock and one SPAC Warrant,
(iii) each outstanding share of SPAC Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into SPAC Class A Common Stock, (iv) each
outstanding share of SPAC Class A Common Stock will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive such number of PubCo Ordinary
Shares that is equal to the SPAC Exchange Ratio, and (v) each outstanding SPAC Warrant will be assumed by PubCo and converted into
a warrant to purchase PubCo Ordinary Shares (each, an Assumed SPAC Warrant ). 

Under
the Business Combination Agreement, the parties obligations to consummate the Transactions are subject to a number of customary
conditions for special purpose acquisition companies, including, among others, the following: (i) the approval of the Mergers and
the other shareholder proposals required to approve the Transactions by the Company s and Flexi s shareholders, (ii)
all specified approvals or consents (including governmental and regulatory approvals) have been obtained and all waiting, notice,
or review periods have expired or been terminated, as applicable, (iii) the effectiveness of the F-4 Registration Statement, (iv)
PubCo s initial listing application with Nasdaq shall have been conditionally approved and, immediately following the Closing,
PubCo shall satisfy any applicable initial and continuing listing requirements of Nasdaq and PubCo shall not have received any
notice of non-compliance therewith, and (v) the PubCo Ordinary Shares and Assumed SPAC Warrants having been approved for listing
on Nasdaq, subject to round lot holder requirements. 

In
addition to these customary closing conditions, the Company must also hold net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately
prior to Closing, net of Redemptions and liabilities (including the Company s transaction expenses). 

The
transaction is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2023, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing
conditions. After closing, The Flexi Group s ordinary shares are expected to trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under ticker
symbol FLXG. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources, and Going Concern 

On
November 5, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of 11,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Common
stock included in the Units that were offered, the Public Shares and the warrants included in the Units, the Public
Warrants at 10.00 per Unit, including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment of 1,500,000 Units,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of 115,000,000, which is discussed in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of 5,500,000 Warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of
 5,500,000, which is described in Note 4. 

23 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the Trust Account of 118,956,557 (including approximately 1,656,557 of dividend
income and interest income) consisting of money market fund invested in treasury trust fund and matured U.S. Treasury Bills with
a maturity of 185 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December
31, 2022, we have not withdrawn any interest earned from the Trust Account, however, we may in future periods as permitted under
the Trust Agreement. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the
Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is
used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account
will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue
our growth strategies. 

 As of
December 31, 2022, we had cash of 147,020 and working capital deficit of 894,841. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust
Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination transaction. 

Our
sponsor has committed that they are willing and able to provide the Company with any additional funds it needs to carry out its
operations. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, an
affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors have committed to loan the Company funds as may
be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes an initial Business Combination, the Company would
repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid
only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the
Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement
Warrants of the post Business Combination entity, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would
be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. 

 The
Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. Based on the foregoing, management believes that we will
not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination
or one year from this filing. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and
evaluating prospective initial business combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for
travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business
combination. 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Company s
business plan is dependent on the completion of the Business Combination, the Company s existing cash and working capital as of
December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, and the date for mandatory liquidation
and dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through May 5, 2023, the scheduled
liquidation date of the Company if it does not complete a Business Combination prior to such date. These conditions also raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through the Business Combination as discussed above. There is no assurance
that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. Our financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

24 

Risks and Uncertainties 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this
action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus.
Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial
statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable
as of the date of these financial statements. 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus
could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of our operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides
for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations
and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise
tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the
excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes
of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances
against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise
tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other
guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or
otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection
with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value
of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a
Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business
Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business
Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would
be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been
determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s
ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Results of Operations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates to our formation
and the Initial Public Offering. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering.
We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 857,534, which consists of formation and operating costs of 2,238,122 and provision
for income tax of 268,239, offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 1,648,827. 

For the period from February
8, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 1,073,167, which consisted of formation and operating costs amounting
to 375,267 and director s stock-based compensation of 705,630, offset by interest income amounting to 7,730. 

Contractual Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term
liabilities. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We
entered into an administrative services agreement on November 2, 2021, pursuant to which we will pay an affiliate of the Sponsor,
 445 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the initial Business
Combination or the Company s liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Registration Rights 

The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans
(and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement that was signed prior to the effective date of the Registration
Statement, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion
to the Class A common stock). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect
to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of the initial Business Combination. 

Underwriting Agreement 

On
November 5, 2021, we paid a cash underwriting discount of 1.0 per Unit, or 1,150,000. 

Advisory Services Agreement 

On
December 23, 2022, we entered into an agreement with ThinkEquity to
provide financial advisory services in connection with the proposed Business Combination with The Flexi Group Ltd. We shall pay ThinkEquity
an advisory fee in an amount equal to the greater of (i) 4.0 of the net funds from our Trust Account after investor redemptions, or (ii)
 300,000, which fee shall be due and payable in immediately available funds on the day of closing of the proposed Business Combination.
In addition to any fees which may be payable to ThinkEquity under the agreement, we shall reimburse ThinkEquity, upon reasonable request
made from time to time, for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Advisory Services up
to a maximum of 15,000, including, but not limited to, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of ThinkEquity s legal
counsel. 

25 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods
reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies. 

Deferred Offering Costs 

We
comply with the requirements of ASC 340-10-S99-1. Deferred offering costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other
costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Public Offering. Offering costs are allocated to
the separable financial instruments to be issued in the IPO based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received.
Upon closing of the IPO on November 5, 2021, offering costs associated with the Class A common stock and the warrants were charged
to stockholders equity. Transaction costs amounted to 3,040,822, all of which was allocated to stockholders equity. 

Share Based Compensation 

The Company complies with ASC 718 Compensation-
Stock Compensation, regarding interests in founder shares acquired by directors and advisors of the Company as compensation. The
interests in the founder shares vested upon the Company completing the initial public offering and compensation expense has been
recorded accordingly at that date based upon the initial grant date fair value. The determination of the fair value of the share-based
compensation awards represents a significant estimate within the financial statements. The fair value is based upon a Monte Carlo
valuation that considers the probability of an initial public offering, business combination and other risk factors. 

The interest in the founder
shares was issued on November 2, 2021. Since the approach in ASC 718 is to determine the fair value without regard to the
vesting date, the Company determined the valuation of the Class B shares as of November 2, 2021. Consideration of 810 was paid
for the interest in the founder shares. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and
measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including shares of common stock that feature redemption rights
that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders 
equity. Our Common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and
is subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented
at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet . 

We
recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock
are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. There was no change to redemption
value at December 31, 2022 since the incurred taxes exceed the interest earned inception to date. The dissolution expense of 100,000
is not included in the redemption value of the shares subject to redemption since it is only taken into account in the event of
the Company s liquidation. 

Net Loss Per Common Share 

The
Company complies with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. The Company
has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Net loss per common share is
computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding
common stock subject to forfeiture. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The Company has
not considered the effect of the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 5,500,000 of our Class A common stock in the calculation
of diluted loss per share, since their exercise is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net loss per common stock
is the same as basic net loss per common stock. 

26 

Warrants 

We
account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC
480 and ASC 815. The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480,
meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification
under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own common shares and whether the warrant holders
could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other
conditions for equity classification. This assessment is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly
period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as
a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all of the
criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance,
and each balance sheet date thereafter. We account for our outstanding warrants as equity-classified instruments. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation had a material impact on our business or operating results during the period presented. 

Emerging Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to,
not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section102 (b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at
the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another
public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

27 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 F-1 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 688) 

PAGE 
 F-2 
 BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
 2021 

PAGE 
 F-3 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PAGE 
 F-4 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PAGES 
 F-5 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PAGES 
 F-6 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

28 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
of 

 TG Venture Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the
accompanying balance sheets of TG Venture Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for
the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial
statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and
working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which
is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 29, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 1 

TG VENTURE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total
 Current Assets 

Prepaid expense 
 noncurrent 

Cash and investments held
 in Trust Account 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Due to related parties 

Income tax payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A common stock subject
 to possible redemption, par value; shares at a redemption value of 10.29 and 10.20 per share at December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 (DEFICIT) EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, 
 par value shares authorized shares issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, 
 par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B common stock, 
 par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL
 STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

TG VENTURE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period 

from February 8, 

For the Year 
 2021 (Inception) 

Ended 
 through 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Formation and
 operating costs 

Loss
 from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Share based compensation
 expense 

Interest income on cash
 and investments held in Trust Account 

Total
 other income (expenses) 

Loss
 before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net
 loss 

Basic and diluted weighted
 average shares outstanding, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted
 average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share, Class B common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

TG
VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A 
 
 Class B 
 
 Additional 

Total 

Common Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 (Deficit)
Equity 
 
 Balance February
8, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of founder shares 

Issuance of representative
units 

() 

Value of representative units issued 

Excess fair value of Class
B stock sold to advisors 

Director share-based compensation 

Issuance of private placement
warrants 

Allocated proceeds to public
warrants 

Underwriters discount
allocated to warrants 

() 

() 
 
 Other offering expenses allocated
to warrants 

() 

() 
 
 Accretion of common stock subject
to possible redemption 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance December 31,
2021 

() 

Accretion of common stock subject
to possible redemption 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance December 31,
2022 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

TG
VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period 

from February 8, 

For the Year 
 2021 (Inception) 

Ended 
 Through 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment
 held in Trust Account 

Formation and operating
 costs paid by Promissory note related party 

Director compensation expense 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Prepaid assets 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expense 

Due to related parties 

Income tax payable 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust
 Account 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance
 of shares to initial stockholders 

Proceeds from sale of Founder
 Shares 

Proceeds from sale of Private
 Placement units 

Proceeds from issuance
 of promissory note to related party 

Payment of promissory note
 to related party 

Payment of deferred offering
 costs 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Issuance of representative shares 

Deferred offering costs
 paid by Sponsor under the promissory note 

Deferred offering costs
 included in accrued offering costs and expenses 

Remeasurement adjustment
 charged to additional paid in capital 

Accretion to Common Stock
 Subject to Redemption 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

TG
VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Common stock included in the Units being offered, the
 Public Shares and the warrants included in the Units being offered, the Public Warrants at per
Unit, including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment of Units, generating gross proceeds to
the Company of , which is discussed in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of Warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of ,
which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction
costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting commissions, of fair value of the Units
issued to ThinkEquity LLC ThinkEquity ), the representative of the underwriters (see Note 6), of fair value
of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) sold to advisors in excess of proceeds (see Note 5), and of other offering
costs, and was all charged to stockholders equity. 

While
the Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the cash held outside of the Trust Account
(as hereinafter defined), substantially all of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, which are placed in the Trust Account, are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination. The Company s
Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the
signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business
Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following
the closing of the IPO on November 5, 2021, 10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of Units in the IPO
and a portion of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were deposited into a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and are invested only in U.S. government
securities with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its franchise and income tax obligations (less up to of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released
from the Trust Account until the earliest of: (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination; (b) the redemption of any Public
Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation:
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination
or certain amendments to the Company s charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete
the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering May 5, 2023; or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity; and (c) the redemption of 100 of the Public Shares if the
Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the required time frame (subject to the requirements of applicable
law). 

Public
stockholders have the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior
to voting on the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. 

The
Company will only proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least immediately
prior to or upon the consummation of such Business Combination, and, if the Company seeks public stockholder approval, a majority of
the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant
to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company
decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial
Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public
Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

The
Company has 18 months from the closing of the IPO until May 5, 2023 to complete the initial Business Combination (the Combination
Period ). If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but no more than ten business
days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
previously released to the Company to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with
respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period. 

The
initial stockholders, Sponsor, executive officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which
they have agreed to (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares if we are forced to liquidate; (ii) to
waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve
an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation: (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or certain amendments to the charter
prior thereto or to redeem 100 of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination
within the Combined Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity; and (iii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder
Shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the
initial Business Combination within the Combination Period; (iv) the Founder Shares are shares of the Company s Class B common
stock that will automatically convert into shares of the Company s Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination,
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein, and (v) are entitled to registration rights. If the Company submits
the initial Business Combination to the public stockholders for a vote, the initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed
pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after this offering (including
in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20
per Public Share; and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has
not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company.
Therefore, the Company cannot assent that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers
or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
December 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement by and among (i) The Flexi Group Limited, a business company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin
Islands (the Flexi ), (ii) The Flexi Group Holdings, Ltd., a business company with limited liability incorporated
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Flexi PubCo and, together
with Flexi, the Flexi Group ), (iii) The Flexi Merger Co. Ltd., a business company with limited liability
incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub 1 ),
and (iv) Flexi Merger Co. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger
Sub 2 and, Merger Sub 2, PubCo and Merger Sub 1, each, individually, an Acquisition Entity ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this section, but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and
into Flexi (the Initial Merger ), whereby the separate existence of Merger Sub 1 will cease and Flexi will
be the surviving entity of the Initial Merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, and (ii) following confirmation of the effective
filing of the documents required to implement the Initial Merger, Merger Sub 2 will merge with and into TGVC (the SPAC Merger 
and together with the Initial Merger, the Mergers ), the separate existence of Merger Sub 2 will cease and
the Company will be the surviving entity of the SPAC Merger and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo. 

As
a result of the Mergers, among other things, (i) each outstanding Flexi Ordinary Share will be cancelled in exchange for the right to
receive such number of PubCo Ordinary Shares that is equal to the Company Exchange Ratio, (ii) each outstanding SPAC Unit will be automatically
detached and the holder thereof will be deemed to hold one share of SPAC Class A Common Stock and one SPAC Warrant, (iii) each outstanding
share of SPAC Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into SPAC Class A Common Stock, (iv) each outstanding share of SPAC Class
A Common Stock will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive such number of PubCo Ordinary Shares that is equal to the SPAC
Exchange Ratio, and (v) each outstanding SPAC Warrant will be assumed by PubCo and converted into a warrant to purchase PubCo Ordinary
Shares (each, an Assumed SPAC Warrant ). 

Earnout 

The
Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, provides that Flexi shareholders as of the Initial
Merger will have the right to receive up to an aggregate of additional PubCo Ordinary Shares based on the total annual revenues
of PubCo in each of the two fiscal years following the Closing Date. 

Representations,
Warranties and Covenants 

The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties, which will not survive the Closing.
Many of the representations and warranties are qualified by materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect (with respect to Flexi) or
SPAC Material Adverse Effect (with respect to the Company). Material Adverse Effect as used in the Business Combination
Agreement means with respect to Flexi or the Company, as applicable, any event, state of facts, development, change, circumstance, occurrence
or effect that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on (i) the
business, assets and liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of the applicable party and its subsidiaries, taken as
a whole or (ii) the ability of such party or any of its subsidiaries to consummate the Transactions, in each case subject to certain
customary exceptions. Certain of the representations are subject to specified exceptions and qualifications contained in the Business
Combination Agreement or in information provided pursuant to certain disclosure schedules to the Business Combination Agreement. 

The
Business Combination Agreement also contains pre-closing covenants of the parties, including obligations of the parties to operate their
respective businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, and to refrain from taking certain specified actions without
the prior written consent of the other applicable parties, in each case, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications. Additionally,
the parties have agreed not to solicit, negotiate or enter into competing transactions, as further provided in the Business Combination
Agreement. The covenants do not survive the Closing (other than those that are to be performed after the Closing). 

As
promptly as practicable after the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company and PubCo have agreed to prepare and file
with the SEC, a Registration Statement on Form F-4 (as amended, the F-4 Registration Statement in connection with the
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the offer and issuance of the PubCo
Ordinary Shares and Assumed SPAC Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement The F-4 Registration Statement
will contain a proxy statement/prospectus for the purpose of (i) the Company soliciting proxies from its shareholders to approve the
Business Combination Agreement, the Transactions and related matters (the the Company Shareholder Approval at a special
meeting of the Company shareholders (the Shareholder Meeting ), (ii) providing the Company s shareholders an opportunity,
in accordance with its organizational documents and initial public offering prospectus, to redeem their shares of SPAC Class A Common
Stock (collectively, the Redemptions ), and (iii) PubCo s offering and issuance of the PubCo Ordinary Shares and Assumed
Warrants in connection with the Transactions. 

PubCo
agreed to take all action within its power so that effective at the Closing, the board of directors of PubCo will consist of no less
than five individuals, two of whom may be designated by the Sponsor, and a majority of whom shall be independent directors in accordance
with Nasdaq requirements, and which shall comply with all diversity requirements under applicable Law. 

In
addition, prior to Closing, PubCo agreed to amend and restate its Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association (the PubCo
Governing Documents ). The PubCo Governing Documents will include customary provisions for a memorandum of association and
articles of association of a British Virgin Islands publicly traded company that is traded on Nasdaq. 

Conditions
to the Parties Obligations to Consummate the Mergers 

Under
the Business Combination Agreement, the parties obligations to consummate the Transactions are subject to a number of customary
conditions for special purpose acquisition companies, including, among others, the following: (i) the approval of the Mergers and the
other shareholder proposals required to approve the Transactions by the Company s and Flexi s shareholders, (ii) all specified
approvals or consents (including governmental and regulatory approvals) have been obtained and all waiting, notice, or review periods
have expired or been terminated, as applicable, (iii) the effectiveness of the F-4 Registration Statement, (iv) PubCo s initial
listing application with Nasdaq shall have been conditionally approved and, immediately following the Closing, PubCo shall satisfy any
applicable initial and continuing listing requirements of Nasdaq and PubCo shall not have received any notice of non-compliance therewith,
and (v) the PubCo Ordinary Shares and Assumed SPAC Warrants having been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to round lot holder requirements. 

In
addition to these customary closing conditions, the Company must also hold net tangible assets of at least immediately prior
to Closing, net of Redemptions and liabilities (including the Company s transaction expenses). 

The
obligations of the Company to consummate the Transactions are also subject to, among other things (i) the representations and warranties
of Flexi and of each Acquisition Entity being true and correct, subject to the materiality standards contained in the Business Combination
Agreement, (ii) material compliance by Flexi and each Acquisition Entity with its pre-closing covenants, and (iii) the absence of a Company
Material Adverse Effect. 

In
addition, the obligations of Flexi to consummate the Transactions are also subject to, among other things (i) the representations and
warranties of the Company being true and correct, subject to the materiality standards contained in the Business Combination Agreement,
(ii) material compliance by the Company with its pre-closing covenants, and (iii) the absence of a SPAC Material Adverse Effect. 

Termination
Rights 

The
Business Combination Agreement contains certain termination rights, including, among others, the following: (i) upon the mutual written
consent of the Company and Flexi, (ii) if the consummation of the Transactions is prohibited by governmental order, (iii) if the Closing
has not occurred on or before , (iv) in connection with a breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement
by Flexi or the Company which is not capable of being cured or is not cured within 30 days after receipt of notice of such breach, (v)
by either the Company or Flexi if the board of directors of the other party publicly changes its recommendation with respect to the Business
Combination Agreement and Transactions and related shareholder approvals under certain circumstances detailed in the Business Combination
Agreement, (vi) by either the Company or Flexi if the Shareholder Meeting is held and the Company Shareholder Approval is not received,
(vii) by the Company if the requisite Company Audited Financial Statements and PCAOB-compliant unaudited financials of Flexi for the
first, second and third quarters of 2022 (to the extent required in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement) have not been
delivered by January 4, 2023, with respect to the first and second quarters, and January 16, 2023, with respect to the third quarter,
or (viii) by the Company if Flexi does not receive the written consent of its shareholders to the Business Combination Agreement and
related approvals within five business days after the F-4 Registration Statement has become effective. 

None
of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement are required to pay a termination fee or reimburse any other party for its expenses
as a result of a termination of the Business Combination Agreement. However, each party will remain liable for willful and material breaches
of the Business Combination Agreement prior to termination. 

Trust
Account Waiver 

Flexi
and each Acquisition Entity agreed that it and its affiliates will not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
any monies in the Company s trust account held for its public shareholders, and agreed not to, and waived any right to, make any
claim against the trust account (including any distributions therefrom). 

The
Business Combination Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the foregoing description thereof is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Business Combination Agreement. The Business Combination Agreement provides investors
with information regarding its terms and is not intended to provide any other factual information about the parties. In particular, the
assertions embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the Business Combination Agreement were made as of the execution
date of the Business Combination Agreement only and are qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules provided by the
parties to each other in connection with the signing of the Business Combination Agreement. These disclosure schedules contain information
that modifies, qualifies, and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.
Moreover, certain representations and warranties in the Business Combination Agreement may have been used for the purpose of allocating
risk between the parties rather than establishing matters of fact. Accordingly, you should not rely on the representations and warranties
in the Business Combination Agreement as characterizations of the actual statements of fact about the parties. 

Shareholder
Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, PubCo, Flexi and certain Flexi shareholders entered into a Shareholder Support
Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, certain Flexi shareholders agreed (i) to vote their Flexi shares in favor of the Business
Combination Agreement (including by execution of a written consent), the Mergers and the other Transactions, (ii) to waive any rights
to seek appraisal or rights of dissent in connection with the Business Combination Agreement, the Mergers and the transactions contemplated
thereby; and (iii) to consent to the termination of all shareholder agreements with Flexi (with certain exceptions), effective at Closing,
subject to the terms and conditions contemplated by the Shareholder Support Agreement. Flexi shareholders party to the Shareholder Support
Agreement collectively have a sufficient number of votes to approve the Business Combination Agreement, the Mergers and the other Transactions. 

The
Shareholder Support Agreement and all of its provisions will terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the earlier of the Closing
and termination of the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to its terms. Upon such termination of the Shareholder Support Agreement,
all obligations of the parties under the Shareholder Support Agreement will terminate; provided , however , that
such termination will not relieve any party thereto from liability arising in respect of any breach of the Shareholder Support Agreement
prior to such termination. 

Sponsor
Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement with the Sponsor, PubCo,
Flexi, and certain members of the Company s board of directors and management team (the Holders ), pursuant
to which, among other things, the Sponsor and the Holders agreed to vote their the Company shares in favor of the Business Combination
Agreement (including by execution of a written consent), the Mergers and the other Transactions, subject to the terms and conditions
contemplated by the Sponsor Support Agreement. 

The
Sponsor Support Agreement and all of its provisions will terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the earlier to occur of
Closing and termination of the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to its terms. 

Lock-Up
Agreement 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company and PubCo entered into separate Lock-Up Agreements (each a Lock-Up
Agreement with Sponsor, certain members of the Company s board of directors and management team, and certain Flexi
shareholders, pursuant to which of the PubCo Ordinary Shares to be received by such shareholders will be locked-up and subject to
transfer restrictions for a period of time following the Closing, as described below, subject to certain exceptions. That portion of
the securities held by such shareholders will be locked-up until the earliest of: (i) the six month anniversary of the date of the Closing,
(ii) subsequent to the Business Combination, if the last sale price of PubCo Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), for any trading days within any -trading day
period commencing at least days after the date of the Business Combination, and (iii) the date after the Closing on which PubCo completes
a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results in all of PubCo s shareholders
having the right to exchange their equity holdings in PubCo for cash, securities or other property. 

Registration
Rights Agreement 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, PubCo entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement with Sponsor and certain Flexi shareholders pursuant to which, among other things, PubCo agreed to provide Sponsor
and such shareholders with certain rights relating to the registration for resale under the Securities Act of the PubCo Ordinary Shares
and Assumed Warrants that they received in the Mergers. 

Forms
of the foregoing agreements related to the Business Combination Transaction are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report, and the foregoing
description thereof is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the respective agreement. 

The
transaction is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2023, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
After closing, The Flexi Group s ordinary shares are expected to trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under ticker symbol FLXG. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources, and Going Concern 

The
Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering had been satisfied through a payment from the
Sponsor of (see Note 5) for the Founder Shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of up to
 (see Note 5) which was fully repaid on December 31, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the
Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank account
and working capital deficit of . 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital
Loans, as defined below (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

The
Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company
will not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business
Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable,
identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses,
paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating
the Business Combination. 

 On March
16, 2023, the Sponsor issued a promissory note allowing the Company to borrow up to under an unsecured promissory note to be
used to defray expenses in connection with the proposed Business Combination. The promissory note is payable on the date on which the
Company consummates its initial Business Combination. in previously advanced fund from the Sponsor is included as part of the
principal of the promissory note and is therefore not available for further use by the Company (see Notes 5 and 10). 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of the Business
Combination, the Company s existing cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned
activities for a reasonable period of time, and the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raises substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern through May 5, 2023, the scheduled liquidation date of the Company if it does not
complete a Business Combination prior to such date. T hese
conditions also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one
year after the date that these financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this
uncertainty through a Business Combination as discussed above. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business
Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further,
the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements.
The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of
the date of these financial statements. 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus and war
could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and search for a target company, the
specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business
Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions
and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii)
the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued
not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content
of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the
redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction
in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company did t have any cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

, all of which
was allocated to stockholders equity. 

increase in the redemption value at December 31, 2022 since the interest
earned to date from marketable securities held in Trust Account exceed the franchise taxes incurred and provision for income taxes to
date. The dissolution expense of is not included in the redemption value of the shares subject to redemption since it is only
taken into account in the event of the Company s liquidation. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheets is reconciled in
the following table: 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public
 Warrants 

Issuance cost of redeemable
 Class A common stock 

Plus: 

Remeasurement adjustment
 on redeemable common stock 

Class
 A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement adjustment
 on redeemable common stock 

Class
 A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

Public Warrants (Note 3) and Private Placement
Warrants (Note 4) as equity-classified instruments. 

of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since their exercise is contingent upon future events.
As a result, diluted net loss per common stock is the same as basic net loss per common stock. The table below presents a reconciliation
of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share for each class of common stock. 

Basic and diluted weighted
 average shares, Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss
 per share 

Net
 loss per share for Class B common stock: 

Allocation of net loss
 to Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted weighted
 average shares, Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss
 per share 

and , respectively. 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had not experienced losses on this account. 

Units, including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option to
purchase Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each unit consists of one Public Share, an aggregate of 
Public Shares, and one redeemable Public Warrant, an aggregate of Public Warrants. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant
in a private placement, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder thereof to
purchase one share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustments (see Note 7), and
will expire worthless if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that they will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until
30 days after the Business Combination except to certain permitted transferees. 

in exchange for shares
of Common stock (the Founder Shares ). The number of Founder Shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation
that the total size of the IPO would be a maximum of Units if the underwriter s over-allotment option was
exercised in full, and therefore that such Founder Shares represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the IPO. 

Two
of the initial stockholders, TriPoint Capital Management, LLC TriPoint ), a Delaware limited liability company, and HFI
Limited HFI ), a Cayman Islands company, serve in an advisory capacity to the Sponsor with the Company being a primary
beneficiary, and their participation in the purchase of Founder Shares is considered as part of their compensation as advisors. Accordingly,
upon consummation of the IPO on November 5, 2021, the Company recorded the excess fair value above the purchase price of the Founder
Shares purchased by TriPoint and HFI as an offering cost of , which were charged to stockholders equity. 

On
November 2, 2021, the Sponsor entered into an Agreement with the . 

The
Initial Stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) nine
months after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last
sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial
Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or
other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
stock for cash, securities or other property, except with respect to permitted transferees. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

The
Sponsor issued a promissory note allowing the Company to borrow up to under an unsecured promissory note to be used for
a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The Company had borrowed under the promissory note. At December 31, 2021, the Company
fully repaid the outstanding promissory note. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any outstanding promissory notes. 

On March
16, 2023, the Sponsor issued a promissory note allowing the Company to borrow up to under an unsecured promissory note to be
used to defray expenses in connection with the proposed Business Combination. The promissory note is payable on the date on which the
Company consummates its initial Business Combination. in previously advanced fund from the Sponsor is included as part of the
principal of the promissory note and is therefore not available for further use by the Company (see Note 10). 

Due
to Related Parties 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, outstanding under due to related parties including the monthly
administrative service fee. 

Working
Capital Loans 

The
Sponsor has committed that they are willing and able to provide the Company with any additional funds it needs to carry out its operations.
In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor
or certain of the Company s officers and directors have committed to loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working
Capital Loans ). If the Company completes an initial Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the
proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust
Account. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts.
Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity, at a price
of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative
Service Fee 

The
Company entered into an administrative services agreement on November 2, 2021, pursuant to which the Company will pay an affiliate of
the Sponsor, 445 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the initial Business
Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Total expense under the administrative
services agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, were and , respectively. 

per Unit, or . In addition, the underwriting agreement
provides the option to purchase up to additional Units to cover any over-allotments, if any, at the Proposed Public
Offering price of less the underwriting discount of . The over-allotment was exercised in full upon the IPO on November
5, 2021. 

Representative
Units 

Simultaneous
with the closing of the IPO, the Company issued to ThinkEquity, as part of representative compensation upon the consummation of the IPO,
57,500 Representative Units (the Representative Units ). The Representative Units consist of one share of Class A common
stock and one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
The Representative Units are identical to the Units except, and so long as the Representative Units are held by ThinkEquity (and/or its
designees) or its permitted transferees, they (i) may not (including the Class A common s tock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until
30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis, (iii) will
be entitled to registration rights and (iv) will not be exercisable more than five years from the Effective Date of the registration statement
of which this prospectus forms a part in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i). ThinkEquity has agreed (i) to waive its redemption
rights with respect to the warrants underlying the Representative Units in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination
and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such warrants if the Company fails to
complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO. 

Advisory Services Agreement 

On December
23, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with ThinkEquity to provide financial advisory services in connection with the proposed
Business Combination with The Flexi Group Ltd. The Company shall pay ThinkEquity an advisory fee for the Advisory Services in an amount
equal to greater of either (i) 4.0 of the net funds from the Company s Trust Account after investor redemptions, or (ii) ,
which fee shall be due and payable in immediately available funds on the day of closing of the proposed Business Combination. In addition
to any fees which may be payable to ThinkEquity under the agreement, the Company shall reimburse ThinkEquity, upon reasonable request
made from time to time, for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Advisory Services up
to a maximum of , including, but not limited to, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of ThinkEquity s legal
counsel. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per
share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par
value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and
outstanding (excluding shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption). 

Class
B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par
value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued
and outstanding. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of the Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business
Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and
the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. 

Warrants
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants
are currently outstanding. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price
of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common
stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at
a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account
any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination
on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) The Market Value (defined as the volume
weighted average reported trading price of Class A Common Stock for twenty trading days starting on the trading day prior to the date
of the consummation of the initial Business Combination) is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. 

Each
warrant is exercisable at any time commencing on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination and 12
months from the closing of the IPO and terminating at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the earlier to occur of (i) the date that is five
(5) years after the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the Redemption
Date as provided in the Warrant Agreement and (iii) the liquidation of the Trust Account (the Expiration Date ). The Company
in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the Warrants by delaying the Expiration Date; provided, however, that the Company will
provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of any such extension to registered holders and, provided further that
any such extension shall be applied consistently to all of the Warrants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for
so long as any Private Warrant is held by the Sponsor and/or their designees, such Private Warrant may not be exercised after five years
from the Effective Date of the Registration Statement. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the warrant expiration
date, which is five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the
exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to the Company and not placed in the Trust Account. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company s satisfying
its obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable, and the Company will not be obligated to
issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been
registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants.
In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of
such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will
the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised
warrants, the purchaser of a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the share of
Class A common stock underlying such Unit. 

The
Company is not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, the Company
has agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to
file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause
such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock
until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within 60 business days after the closing of the initial
Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when
the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

Redemption
of warrants: 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

In
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable to each warrant holder;
 and 

if,
 and only if, the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
 dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the
 third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If
the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, the management will have the option to require all holders that wish
to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis, the management will consider, among other factors, its cash position, the number of warrants that
are outstanding and the dilutive effect on the stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number
of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of
the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants. If the Company s management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain
the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including
the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be
issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. 

Organizational costs/Start-up
 costs 

Unrealized gain on interest
 income in Trust Account 

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax assets 

The provision for
income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 consist
of the following: 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, respectively, available
to offset future taxable income, which do not expire. 

In
assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty
exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the
period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

A reconciliation
of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Permanent book/tax differences 

Stock Based Compensation 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction. The Company s tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 remain open and subject to examination. 

1 

The
carrying value, excluding gross unrealized holding loss and fair value of held to maturity securities on December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

There
were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

under an unsecured promissory note to be
used to defray expenses in connection with the proposed Business Combination. The promissory note is payable on the date on which the
Company consummates its initial Business Combination. in previously advanced fund from the Sponsor is included as part of the
principal of the promissory note and is therefore not available for further use by the Company. 

F- 22 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control
over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022.
In making these assessments, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company
under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not Applicable. 

29 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS,
PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

Our executive officers and sole director as
of the date of this report are as set forth below. There are no family relationships by between or among the members of the Board
or other executive officers of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Pui Lan Patrick Tsang 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman 
 
 Philip Rettger 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Jason Cheng Yuen Ma 
 
 41 
 
 Director 
 
 Komal Ahmad 
 
 31 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Alexander 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

Pui Lan Patrick Tsang , since
2016, Mr. Tsang has served as the Chairman of Tsangs Group Holdings Limited, or our sponsor, a fourth-generation innovation focused
Single-Family Office bridging east to west. Born and raised in the United Kingdom, Mr. Tsang has a robust global network as a seasoned
investor. He has worked on multiple IPOs and M A transactions globally and has successfully made investments in Asia, North
America, and Europe. Mr. Tsang is the Trade Commissioner of Grenada in Macau, to promote international business and investment.
A graduate from the College of Law in England, Mr. Tsang is a qualified solicitor in England, and Wales and Hong Kong. As a philanthropic
advocate, he is a Fellow of The Duke of Edinburgh s International Award World Fellowship and past President of the Rotary
E-Club of Hong Kong. He is also an international keynote speaker on finance, technology, fintech, blockchain, AI, and leadership.
We believe he is well-qualified to serve as a director, as well as our CEO and Chairman, due to his extensive investment and management
experience. 

Philip Rettger , our Chief Financial
Officer, is also one of our directors. Mr. Rettger has been an entrepreneur and corporate executive in energy and finance activities
for more than 40 years. In recent years, Mr. Rettger has set up cryptocurrency mining operations at multiple locations and he has
been an operating manager of PUF Mining, LLC since 2019. In 2005, he co-founded OptiSolar, Inc., an international developer of
utility-scale solar photovoltaic projects, the bulk of whose assets were acquired by First Solar, Inc. in 2010. From 1985 through
2005, Mr. Rettger was active in the invention and development of new technologies and projects in waste energy recovery and heavy
oil processing with Oxford Energy, Inc., Ormat Process Technologies, Inc. and OPTI Canada, Inc., resulting in the finance (including
initial public offerings and private placements) and construction of several billion dollars of energy projects. Mr. Rettger has
also been responsible for the development and finance of multiple hydroelectric projects with Essex Hydro Associates (1979-1982)
and Sheep Creek Hydro, Inc. (1983-present), for which he has served as an executive since 2015. Several of the companies in which
Mr. Rettger was a co-founder are no longer operating, as a result of technology or market issues. Mr. Rettger received a Bachelor
of Science in Economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an MBA from the Harvard Business School. He is the inventor
or co-inventor of over 15 US Patents in his fields of experience, including energy production and space-based data farming. We
believe he is well-qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive financial and management experience. 

Jason Cheng Yuen Ma , is a serial
entrepreneur, venture capitalist artist who oversees all creative endeavors as Co-Founder and CEO at OP3N, the global Web3
chat superapp that serves as a one-stop-shop for all communication, connection and commerce with on-chain interactions in a simple
unified interface. With a mission to create a more frictionless, decentralized and democratized creator economy on a global scale,
Jaeson drives the vision of OP3N. He is the founder/partner of multiple companies such as 88rising, Stampede Ventures, East West
Ventures, and EST Media focusing on the Asian market through entertainment, media, and technology. He is also a strategic advisor
 financier to social music video app Triller and a co-founder of ZASH and General Partner of Caravan Digital Studios. As well,
a Milken Institute Young Leaders Circle member. During his career, he has raised capital and advised on transactions totaling over
 1 billion. He is also a Senior Advisor to Tencent Music Entertainment KKBox fund KKFarm, Sparklabs Foundry and a Venture
Partner for consumer tech fund GoodWater Capital. His investments include Musical.ly (TikTok), Grab, Coinbase, Dark Horse Comics,
Slock.it, Brain.ai, Oursong, Triller, Lomotif, XiaoPeng, Kind Heaven, OneOf MAUM restaurant (Michelin Star). 

30 

Michael Alexander , a director,
has held a 34-year career in investment banking based in Brisbane, Sydney, New York and Hong Kong. His working career
started at Wilsons in Brisbane and Ord Minnett Securities in Sydney and New York. Upon moving to Hong Kong, Mr. Alexander
joined JP Morgan before moving to Deutsche Bank, CLSA and Jefferies. From August 2010 through June 2018, he served as the CEO of
Jefferies in Asia. Post retiring from investment banking, he spent 12 months as an advisor to the Jefferies group. He was
also a seed investor in Block.one which had revenue of US 4 billion in its first year of operation as a blockchain based software
company; from January 2018 to April 2020, he served as the CEO of the 1 billion EOS VC Fund of Block.one and until April 2021
had been serving as a senior advisor to Block.one. Mr. Alexander is also a property developer in Japan having built two chalets
in the Annupuri ski fields of Niseko. He is in the process of developing a 20-luxury apartment complex on a two-acre
block near the Niseko village ski field. He received a Bachelor of Economics and Bachelor of Commerce from Queensland University.
We selected Mr. Alexander to serve on our board of directors based upon his significant experience both as an investment banker
and advisor, as well as his experience with listed companies. 

Komal Ahmad , is recognized globally
as an award-winning changemaker, humanitarian, and entrepreneur. She s innovatively Solving the World s Dumbest Problem.
Komal realized as a young UC Berkeley student that Hunger isn t a scarcity problem; it s a logistics problem. 
This led to her founding Copia, a for-profit surplus food waste management company. Copia dramatically reduces food waste and hunger
across North America. Copia has successfully diverted over 6M pounds of food from landfills to feed over 5M people. Komal s
leadership and vision have led Copia to become distinguished as 1 of the top 3 startups run by women in the U.S. and 1 of the top
8 startups graduating out of Y Combinator. Komal has been named to the coveted Forbes 30 Under 30 twice, has been featured as one
of the Most Powerful Women in the World by Entrepreneur Magazine, has been recognized as one of the Most Powerful Impactful
People in Business by Marie Claire, highlighted as one of the Most Creative People in Business by Fast Company, listed among the
Top 50 Most Badass Women in the World by InStyle, and selected as a Toyota Mother of Invention. Komal was also honored with the
prestigious Nelson Mandela Humanitarian Award. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of the Company s knowledge,
none of the following events occurred during the past ten years that are material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity
of any of our executive officers, directors or promoters: 

(1) A petition under the
Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was
appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within
two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or
within two years before the time of such filing; 

(2) Convicted in a criminal
proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

(3) Subject of any order,
judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

(i) Acting as a futures
commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction
merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any
investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice
in connection with such activity; 

31 

(ii) Engaging in any type
of business practice; or 

(iii) Engaging in any activity
in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities
laws or Federal commodities laws; 

(4) Subject of any order,
judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described by such activity; 

(5) Found by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment
in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

(6) Found by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities
law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated; 

(7) Subject of, or a party
to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or
vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

(i) Any Federal or State
securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

(ii) Any law or regulation
respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order
of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition
order; or 

(iii) Any law or regulation
prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8) Subject of, or a party
to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in
Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S. C 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

We have five directors.
The term of office of our directors will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our
board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws
provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President,
Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

NASDAQ listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as
a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which
in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Ma, Mr. Alexander and Ms. Ahmad
are independent directors as defined in NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

32 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception,
NASDAQ rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors, and NASDAQ rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Ms. Ahmad, Mr. Alexander and Mr. Ma serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Alexander
chairs the audit committee. Under NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members
of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each of our directors meet the
independent director standard under NASDAQ listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Donaldson qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

33 

Compensation Committee 

We established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. The members of our compensation committee include Ms. Ahmad, Mr. Alexander and Mr. Ma, and
Ms. Ahmad chairs our compensation committee. Under NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at
least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. 

We adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Office s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special
 cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our
existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in
order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any
compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by
law or NASDAQ rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ Rules, a majority of the independent directors
may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent
directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation
of a standing nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter
in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed
nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth
in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience,
knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests
of our stockholders. 

34 

Code of Ethics 

We have a Code of Ethics
applicable to our directors, officers and employees. You can review the Code of Ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s
web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us.
We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.
See the section of this Report entitled Where You Can Find Additional Information. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized
by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their
fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly
or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions,
or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. 

We have entered into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or
employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification.
We will purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against
the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify
our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the
effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the
extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented
and experienced officers and directors. 

Meetings of the Board of Directors 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Board of Directors did not meet on any occasion, but rather transacted business by unanimous written consent. 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 

Based on a review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 furnished
to us, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022 the directors, officers and owners of more than 10 of our common
stock filed, on a timely basis, all reports required by Section 16 (a) of the Exchange Act. 

35 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our officers has
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. On November 2, 2021, the Sponsor
entered into an Agreement with the Company s three independent directors under which they were each assigned 30,000
of the Founder Shares the Sponsor owned, as an inducement to serve as directors of the Company, for which they paid 0.009 per
share, or an aggregate of 810. The shares are vested upon the consummation of the IPO. The fair value of the 90,000 shares at
November 2, 2021, was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model considering the probability of an initial public offering,
business combination and other risk factors, to be approximately 706,000 in the aggregate, which the Company has recorded
as director compensation expense. Other than as set forth elsewhere in this Report, no other compensation of any kind, including
any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our
sponsor, officers, directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors, prior to, or in connection with any services
rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that
it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on
our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or their
affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account.
Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing
our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After the completion of
our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members
of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any
compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either
by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board
of directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial
business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting
arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting
arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target
business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to
any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table provides the names and
addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock as of the date of this report
and by the officers and directors, individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly. 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this Report by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

36 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock
beneficially owned by them. 

The percent of class is based
on 11,557,500 shares of Class A common stock (11,500,000 of which are subject to possible redemption) and 2,889,149 shares of Class B
common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this Report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned (1) 
 
 Approximate 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Common Stock 
 
 Pui Lan Patrick Tsang (2) 

1,710,816 

11.84 

Philip Rettger (3) 

0 

Jason Cheng Yuen Ma 

30,000 

0.21 

Komal Ahmad 

30,000 

0.21 

Michael Alexander 

30,000 

0.21 

All executive officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 

1,800,816 

12.47 

TriPoint Capital Management (4) 

150,000 

1.04 

HFI Limited (5) 

150,000 

1.04 

Dragon Active Limited (6) 

788,333 

5.46 

Tsangs Group Holdings Limited (2) 

1,710,816 

11.84 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Interests shown consists solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. See Exhibit 4.2, Description of Securities. 

(2) 
 Mr. Patrick Tsang, our CEO, is the sole owner, sole director and managing member of Tsangs Group Holdings Limited and therefore holds voting and dispositive control over the securities held by Tsangs Group. The business address of Tsangs Group Holdings Limited is Room 6801, 68 th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen s Road Central, Central, Hong Kong, Hong Kong. 

(3) 
 Mr. Rettger owns 80,000 shares, which are held in trust by Dragon Active Limited. Dragon Active Limited holds voting and dispositive control of these shares.. Mr. Rettger purchased these shares for 8.00. 

(4) 
 TriPoint Capital Management, LLC is managed by its managers, Michael Boswell and Mark Elenowitz, who are deemed to have voting and dispositive control over the shares held by TriPoint, the principal office address of which is 725 Still Creek Lane, Suite 101, Gaithersburg, MD 20878. 

(5) 
 Simon Powell is sole owner of HFI Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and therefore holds voting and dispositive control over the securities held by HFI Limited. The business address of HFI Limited is PO Box 957 Offshore Incorporations Center, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. 

(6) 
 Chak Kwan Kelvin Liu has voting and dispositive control over the securities held by Dragon Active Limited. The business address of Dragon Active Limited is Flat 11B, Blk 1, Robinson Heights, 8 Robinson Road, Mid-Levels, Central, Hong Kong. 

37 

Because of their ownership
block, our founders have significant influence over the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including
the election of directors, amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate
transactions other than approval of our initial business combination. The holders of the founder shares have agreed (A) to
vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, executive officers
and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Change in Control 

As of the date of this Report, there were no
arrangements which may result in a change in control of the Company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTION, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive
officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct
or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the beginning of the year ended December 31, 2021, in which the amount
involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years. 

On
November 2, 2021, the Sponsor entered into an Agreement with the Company s three independent directors under which they
were each assigned 30,000 of the Founder Shares the Sponsor owned, as an inducement to serve as directors of the Company, for which
they paid 0.009 per share, or an aggregate of 810. The shares are vested upon the consummation of the IPO. The fair value of
the 90,000 shares at November 2, 2021, was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model to be approximately 706,000 in the aggregate,
which the Company recorded as director compensation expense. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or
their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Our sponsor purchased an
aggregate of 5,050,000 placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,050,000. Each
warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at 11.50 per share. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares or placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we
do not consummate a business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO. Our initial stockholders have agreed to
waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares (i) in connection with the consummation of a business combination,
(ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our
charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months
from the completion of the IPO and (iii) if we fail to consummate a business combination within 18 months from the completion
of the IPO or if we liquidate prior to the expiration of the 18 month period, However, our initial stockholders will be entitled
to redemption rights with respect to any public shares held by them if we fail to consummate a business combination or liquidate
within the 18 month period. 

38 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement we entered into with our initial stockholders prior to the IPO, we may be required to register certain securities
for sale under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders of warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any,
are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register certain of our securities held
by them for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act; provided that the holders of the underwriter shares and underwriter warrants may only make a demand on
one occasion. In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us.
We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

Our
CEO, Mr. Tsang, has served as Chairman of the sponsor, who is also our largest stockholder, since October 2017. Additionally, Dragon,
who owns more than 5 of our stock, is controlled by the Managing Director of our sponsor. 

In March 2021, we issued
an aggregate of 2,589,149 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 23,282 in cash, or approximately 0.009 per share.
We also issued 150,000 founder shares to each of TriPoint and HFI for a purchase price of 1,350 each. The number of founder shares
issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the
IPO. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited
exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

We have an advisory agreement
with TriPoint and HFI (collectively, the Advisors ), pursuant to which we paid the Advisors an aggregate of 50,000
upon signing the agreement with them in January 2021 and paid the Advisors a cash bonus of 60,000 upon the closing of the IPO.
We also issued the Advisors an aggregate of 300,000 shares of common stock. In addition, the Company has an advisory agreement
with Tripoint for post listing services of 5,000 per month (of which 2,500 will be deferred until the completion of a business
combination) and a cash bonus of 50,000 on completion of a business combination. 

Our sponsor loaned us 227,690,
which we used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. We fully repaid the loan on November 5, 2021. 

On March 16, 2023, the Sponsor
issued a promissory note allowing the Company to borrow up to 3,000,000 under an unsecured promissory note to be used for general
working capital purposes, including completing the business combination transaction contemplated by the Business Commination Agreement
with Flexi described elsewhere in this Report (the Business Combination ). These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured
and are due when we commence the Business Combination. 350,000 in previously advanced fund from the Sponsor are included as part of the
principal of this note and is therefore not available for further use by the Company. 

Our sponsor has confirmed
that they are willing and able to provide the Company with any additional funds it needs to carry out its operations. In addition,
in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors have committed to loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may
be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned
amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination.
The warrants would be identical to the placement warrants. Other than as described above, the terms of such loans by our officers
and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to
seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing
to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined
company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy
solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known
at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive
and director compensation. 

39 

The holders of the founder
shares, placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and in each case holders
of their underlying securities, as applicable) will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities
held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders
will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

We have entered into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or
employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification.
We will purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against
the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify
our officers and directors. 

Related Party Policy 

We have not yet adopted
a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed
above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We adopted adopt a code
of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved
by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under
our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including
any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics is filed as an exhibit hereto. 

In addition, our audit committee,
pursuant to a written charter is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter
into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a
quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit
committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee
will be required to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter is filed as an exhibit hereto. We
also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that
elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest
on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our
sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies
in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or any affiliate
of our sponsor, officers or directors prior to, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered
in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
However, the following payments have or will be made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates, none of which
will be made from the proceeds of the IPO held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of 227,690, in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover a portion of the expenses of the IPO. We fully repaid the loan on November 5, 2021; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, as per the commitment letter our sponsor provided to us on March 25, 2022, to cover any additional funds needed to carry out our business. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The warrants would be identical to the placement warrants. 

40 

Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Subject to pre-existing
fiduciary or contractual duties, our officers and directors have agreed to present any business opportunities presented to them
in their capacity as a director or officer of our company to us. Certain of our officers and directors presently have fiduciary
or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business
combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which
is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or
her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as
a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would
otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us
without violating another legal obligation. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors may become an officer or director of other special purpose acquisition companies with a class of securities registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding that, such officers and directors will
continue to have a pre-existing fiduciary obligation to us and we will, therefore, have priority over any special purpose acquisition
companies they subsequently join. However, in the case of Mr. Tsang, who is currently an independent director of Model Performance
Acquisition Corp. Model ), another blank check company, he may need to advise Model of any potential transactions
first, which could prevent us from completing a deal otherwise beneficial to us. 

Other potential conflicts
of interest issues include: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our officers or directors may become an officer or director of another SPAC even before we enter into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of the IPO. In fact, our CEO Patrick Tsang is an independent director of another blank check company named Model that is listed on NASDAQ. As a result, our officers or directors may present a potential target to our competitor that would had been presented to us or devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of the IPO. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the placement securities will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) six months after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors own common stock and warrants, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The warrants would be identical to the placement warrants. 

41 

The conflicts
described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In general, officers and
directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities
to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result
of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent
the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the other entities for which he or she
has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 

We have not selected any
potential business combination target and have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly
or indirectly, with any potential business combination target. Potential target companies with whom we may engage in discussions
may have had prior discussions with other blank check companies, bankers in the industry and/or other professional advisors. We
may pursue transactions with such potential targets (i) if such other blank check companies are no longer pursuing transactions
with such potential targets, (ii) if we become aware that such potential targets are interested in a potential initial business
combination with us and (iii) if we believe such transactions would be attractive to our stockholders. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors (excluding
any entity or business that conducts a majority of its business or is headquartered in China, including Hong Kong and Macau).
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors,
would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In the event that we submit
our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our initial stockholders,
officers and directors have agreed to vote any shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including
in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

42 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Period from February 8, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 91,190 
 77,540 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 91,190 
 77,540 

Audit Fees 

For the Company s fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 and the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we were billed approximately 91,190 and 77,540
for professional services rendered for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

Audit Related Fees 

There were no fees for audit related services
for the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. 

Tax Fees 

For the Company s fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 and the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we were not billed any fees for professional
services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for the Company s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and during the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 for products
and services provided by our principal independent accountants (other than the services reported in Items 9 e )(1)
through 9 e )(3) of Schedule 14A) was NIL. 

Effective May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange
Commission adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related
service, the engagement be: 

approved by our audit committee; or 

entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee s responsibilities to management. 

Our audit committee pre-approves all services
provided by our independent auditors. As per the audit committee s charter, the audit committee is exclusively authorized
and directed to consider and, in its discretion, approve in advance any services (including the fees and material terms thereof)
proposed to be carried out for the Company by the independent auditor or by any other firm proposed to be engaged by the Company
as its independent auditor. In connection with approval of any permissible tax services and services related to internal control
over financial reporting, the Committee shall discuss with the independent auditor the potential effects of such services on the
independence of the auditor. 

43 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 

1. 
 The financial statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 are filed as part of this report. The financial statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 are filed as part of this report. 
 
 2. 
 Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 3. 
 Exhibits included or incorporated herein: see index to Exhibits. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business
 Combination Agreement dated December 5, 2022, by and among TGVC, PubCo, Merger Sub 1, Merger Sub 2 and Flexi (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation # 
 
 3.3 
 
 By
 Laws 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate+++ 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Class A Common Stock Certificate 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter
 Agreement among the Registrant and our officers, directors, Tsangs Group Holdings Limited, and ThinkEquity LLC 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated April 7, 2021, issued to Tsangs Group Holdings Limited 
 
 10.3 
 
 Letter
 Agreement regarding Promissory Note 
 
 10.4 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant # 
 
 10.5 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between the Registrant and certain security holders 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, dated March 22, 2021, between the Registrant and Tsangs Group Holdings Limited 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, dated March 22, 2021, between the Registrant and Dragon Active Limited 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, between the Registrant and Tripoint Capital Management, LLC 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, between the Registrant and HFI Limited 
 
 10.10 
 
 Placement
 Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Tsangs Group Holdings Limited 
 
 10.11 
 
 Indemnity
 Agreement 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment
 to Promissory Note, dated April 7, 2021, issued to Tsangs Group Holdings Limited++ 
 
 10.13 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 16, 2023, issued to Tsangs Group Holdings Limited 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form
 of Shareholder Agreement (1) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form
 of Sponsor Support Agreement (1) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form
 of Lock-Up Agreement (1) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement (1) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Form of
 Code of Ethics 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of
 Audit Committee Charter 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+ 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+ 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form
S-1 filed on August 13, 2021 

Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form
S-1 filed on September 24, 2021 

Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on November 2, 2021 

+ Furnished herewith 

++ Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form
S-1 filed on November 2, 2021 

+++Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form
S-1 filed on October 15, 2021 

# This exhibit has been updated to correct minor scrivener s errors. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on December 6, 2022 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

We do not think a summary of the information
required by this form would be useful at this stage of our business and therefore are electing not to include an optional summary. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TG Venture Acquisition Corp. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Pui Lan Patrick Tsang 

Pui Lan Patrick Tsang 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

TG Venture Acquisition Corp. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Philip Rettger 

Philip Rettger 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities indicated and on March 29, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 /s/ Pui Lan Patrick Tsang 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 Pui Lan Patrick Tsang 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Philip Rettger 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Philip Rettger 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Jason Cheng Yuen Ma 
 
 Director 
 
 Jason Cheng Yuen Ma 

/s/ Komal Ahmad 
 
 Director 
 
 Komal Ahmad 

/s/ Michael Alexander 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Alexander 

45 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 e4440_ex3-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2

EXHIBIT 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

TG VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. 

October 29, 2021 

TG Venture Acquisition Corp.,
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES
HEREBY CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS: 

1. The name of the Corporation
is TG Venture Acquisition Corp. . The original certificate of incorporation of the Corporation was filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 8, 2021 (the Certificate ). 

2. This Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate ), which both restates and amends
the provisions of the Certificate, was duly adopted in accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time (the DGCL ). 

3. This Amended and Restated
Certificate shall become effective on the date of filing with Secretary of State of Delaware. 

4. The text of the Certificate
is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

 NAME 

The name of the corporation
is TG Venture Acquisition Corp. (the Corporation ). 

ARTICLE II 

 PURPOSE 

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. In addition to the powers and
privileges conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto, the Corporation shall possess and may exercise all
the powers and privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the business or purposes
of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Corporation and one or more businesses a Business
Combination ). 

ARTICLE III 

 REGISTERED AGENT 

The address of the Corporation s
registered office in the State of Delaware is 1013 Centre Road, Suite 403-B, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State
of Delaware, 19805, and the name of the Corporation s registered agent at such address is Vcorp Services, LLC. 

ARTICLE IV 

 CAPITALIZATION 

Section 4.1 Authorized
Capital Stock . The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, which
the Corporation is authorized to issue is 111,000,000 shares, consisting of (a) 100,000,000 shares of common stock (the Common
Stock ), including (i) 100,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Class
A Common Stock ), and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock (the Class
B Common Stock ), and (b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the Preferred
Stock ). 

Section 4.2 Preferred Stock . Subject to
 Article IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board is hereby expressly authorized to provide out of the unissued shares of the Preferred Stock for one or more series of Preferred
Stock and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights,
if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, special and other rights, if any, of each such
series and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted
by the Board providing for the issuance of such series and included in a certificate of designation (a Preferred Stock
Designation filed pursuant to the DGCL, and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to the full
extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt any such resolution or resolutions. 

1 

Section 4.3 Common Stock. 

 (a) Voting. 

 (i) Except as otherwise
required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common
Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation. 

(ii) Except as otherwise
required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of shares of
Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation
on which the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote. 

(iii) Except as otherwise
required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), at any annual or special
meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, holders of the Class A Common Stock and holders of the Class B Common Stock, voting
together as a single class, shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly
submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and
Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), holders of shares of any series of Common Stock shall not be
entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation)
that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock or other series of Common Stock if the holders
of such affected series of Preferred Stock or Common Stock, as applicable, are entitled exclusively, either separately or together
with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including
any Preferred Stock Designation) or the DGCL. 

(b) Class B Common Stock. 

 (i) Shares of Class B Common
Stock shall be converted into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio 
automatically on the closing of the Business Combination. 

(ii) Notwithstanding the
Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock, or Equity-linked Securities as defined
below), are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Corporation s initial public offering of securities
(the Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, all issued and outstanding
shares of Class B Common Stock shall automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the closing of the
initial Business Combination at a ratio for which: 

the numerator shall be equal to the sum of (A) 25 of all
shares of Class A Common Stock issued or issuable (upon the conversion or exercise of any Equity-linked Securities or otherwise)
by the Corporation, related to or in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination excluding any securities
issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business Combination, any private placement warrants (or underlying securities)
issued to Tsangs Group Holdings Limited (the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans to
the Corporation plus (B) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the closing of the initial
Business Combination; and the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to
the closing of the initial Business Combination. 

As used herein, the term
 Equity-linked Securities means any securities of the Corporation which are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for Common Stock. 

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, (i) the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular
issuance or deemed issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or
agreement of holders of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding consenting or agreeing separately as
a single class in the manner provided in Section 4.3(b)(iii), and (ii) in no event shall the Class B Common Stock convert into
Class A Common Stock at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. 

2 

The foregoing conversion
ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by stock split, subdivision, exchange, stock dividend, reclassification,
recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock split, exchange, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise)
or similar reclassification or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a greater or lesser number
of shares occurring after the original filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate without a proportionate and corresponding
subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. 

Each share of Class B Common
Stock shall convert into its pro rata number of shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4.3(b). The pro
rata share for each holder of Class B Common Stock will be determined as follows: Each share of Class B Common Stock shall
convert into such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as is equal to the product of one (1) multiplied by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which all of the issued and outstanding shares
of Class B Common Stock shall be converted pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) and the denominator of which shall be the total number
of issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock at the time of conversion. 

(iii) Voting. Except
as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), for so long
as any shares of Class B Common Stock shall remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior vote or written consent
of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend,
alter or repeal any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such
amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or
special rights of the Class B Common Stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class
B Common Stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting
forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B Common Stock having not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B Common Stock
were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware,
its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which minutes of proceedings
of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation s registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered
mail, return receipt requested. Prompt written notice of the taking of corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous
written consent of the holders of Class B Common Stock shall, to the extent required by law, be given to those holders of Class
B Common Stock who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to
notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient
number of holders of Class B Common Stock to take the action were delivered to the Corporation. 

(c) Dividends. Subject
to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article
IX hereof, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable
in cash, property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any
assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and
distributions. 

(d) Liquidation, Dissolution
or Winding Up of the Corporation. Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of
the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX hereof, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation,
the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution
to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (on an as converted basis with respect
to the Class B Common Stock) held by them. 

Section 4.4 Rights and
Options . The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to
acquire from the Corporation any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options to
be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for
exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided, however, that the consideration to be received
for any shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof. 

3 

ARTICLE V 

 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 Section 5.1 Board Powers .
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. In addition to the powers
and authority expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, this Amended and Restated Certificate or the By-Laws of the Corporation
 By-Laws ), the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things
as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL, this Amended and Restated
Certificate, and any By-Laws adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation; provided, however, that no By-Laws hereafter adopted
by the stockholders of the Corporation shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such By-Laws had
not been adopted. 

Section 5.2 Number, Election and Term . 

 (a) The number of directors
of the Corporation, other than those who may be elected by the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock voting separately
by class or series, shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of
the Board. 

(b) Subject to Section 5.5
hereof, a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her
successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification
or removal. 

(c) Unless and except to
the extent that the By-Laws shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. The holders of shares of
Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights with regard to election of directors. 

Section 5.3 Newly Created
Directorships and Vacancies . Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number
of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause
may be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum,
or by a sole remaining director and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the
full term of the class of directors to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her
successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification
or removal. 

Section 5.4 Removal .
Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only
by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

Section 5.5 Preferred
Stock - Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V, and except as otherwise required by law, whenever
the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect one
or more directors, the term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such directorships
shall be governed by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including
any Preferred Stock Designation) and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article
V unless expressly provided by such terms. 

ARTICLE VI 

 BYLAWS 

In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power and is expressly authorized to adopt, amend,
alter or repeal the By-Laws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal
the By-Laws. The By-Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders; provided, however, that in addition
to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated
Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting
power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the By-Laws; and provided
further, however, that no By-Laws hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would
have been valid if such By-Laws had not been adopted. 

4 

ARTICLE VII 

 SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS; ACTION
BY WRITTEN CONSENT 

Section 7.1 Special Meetings . Subject
to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable law,
special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation, or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and the ability of the stockholders
of the Corporation to call a special meeting is hereby specifically denied. Except as provided in the foregoing sentence, special
meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may not be called by another person or persons. 

Section 7.2 Advance Notice . Advance notice
of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the
stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the By-Laws. 

Section 7.3 Action by Written Consent .
Except as may be otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock
Designation) relating to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, subsequent to the consummation
of the Offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected by a duly
called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than
with respect to the Class B Common Stock with respect to which action may be taken by written consent. 

ARTICLE VIII 

 LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 8.1 Limitation
of Director Liability . A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation
thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended unless they violated their duty of loyalty
to the Corporation or its stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments
of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.
Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director
of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 

Section 8.2 Indemnification and
Advancement of Expenses . 

 (a) To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless
each person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative a proceeding 
by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the
Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation
or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee
benefit plan (an indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official
capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or
agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines,
ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with such
proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys 
fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition;
provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition
of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay all amounts so
advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 8.2 or otherwise.
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Section 8.2 shall be contract rights and such rights
shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of
his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.2(a), except for proceedings
to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to an indemnitee
in connection with a proceeding or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding or part thereof) was
authorized by the Board. 

5 

(b) The rights to indemnification
and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee by this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any
indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Amended and Restated Certificate, the By-Laws, an agreement, vote of stockholders
or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 

(c) Any repeal or amendment
of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provision of this
Amended and Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Section 8.2, shall, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective only
(except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive
basis than permitted prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at
the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when
such proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior
to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. 

d) This Section 8.2 shall
not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance
expenses to persons other than indemnitees. 

ARTICLE IX 

 BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS; EXISTENCE 

Section 9.1 General . 

 (a) The provisions of this
 Article IX shall apply during the period commencing upon the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate and
terminating upon the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination and no amendment to this Article IX 
shall be effective prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination unless approved by the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least sixty-five percent (65 of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock. 

(b) Immediately
after the Offering, a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds
of any exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) and certain other amounts specified
in the Corporation s registration statement on Form S-l, as initially filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on August 13, 2021, as amended (the Registration Statement ),
shall be deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account ),
established for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described in the Registration
Statement. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 interest to pay dissolution expenses), none
of the funds held in the Trust Account (including the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be released
from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption
of 100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within
18 months from the closing of the Offering (or, if the Office of the Delaware Division of Corporations shall not be open for business
(including filing of corporate documents) on such date the next date upon which the Office of the Delaware Division of Corporations
shall be open (the Deadline Date and (iii) the redemption of shares in connection with a vote seeking (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s
obligation to provide for the redemption of the Offering Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or amendments
to this Amended and Restated Certificate prior thereto or to redeem 100 of such shares if the Corporation has not consummated
an initial Business Combination by the Deadline Date or (b) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders 
 rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (as described in Section 9.7) . Holders of
shares of Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Offering (the Offering
Shares (whether such Offering Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the
secondary market following the Offering and whether or not such holders are the Sponsor or officers or directors of the Corporation,
or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as Public Stockholders . 

Section 9.2 Redemption Rights . 

 (a) Prior
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall provide all holders of Offering Shares with the
opportunity to have their Offering Shares redeemed upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination (irrespective of whether
they voted in favor or against the Business Combination) pursuant to, and subject to the limitations of, Sections 9.2(b) 
and 9.2(c) (such rights of such holders to have their Offering Shares redeemed pursuant to such Sections, the Redemption
Rights hereof for cash equal to the applicable redemption price per share determined
in accordance with Section 9.2(b) hereof (the Redemption Price );
provided, however, that the Corporation will only redeem Offering Shares so long as (after such redemption), the Corporation s
net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act (or any successor
rule)), or of any entity that succeeds the Corporation as a public company, will be at least 5,000,001 or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to the initial Business Combination either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of the initial Business Combination (such limitation hereinafter called the Redemption
Limitation ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended
and Restated Certificate, there shall be no Redemption Rights or liquidating distributions with respect to any warrant issued pursuant
to the Offering. 

6 

(b) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares other than in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or any successor rules or regulations) and filing proxy materials
with the SEC, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
subject to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof pursuant to a tender offer
in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations
hereinafter called the Tender Offer Rules which it shall commence prior to the consummation of the
initial Business Combination and shall file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination that contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the
Redemption Rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and
regulations hereinafter called the Proxy Solicitation Rules ), even if such information is not required
under the Tender Offer Rules; provided, however, that if a stockholder vote is required by law to approve the proposed initial
Business Combination, or the Corporation decides to submit the proposed initial Business Combination to the stockholders for their
approval for business or other legal reasons, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares, subject to lawfully available
funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to
the Proxy Solicitation Rules (and not the Tender Offer Rules) at a price per share equal to the Redemption Price calculated in
accordance with the following provisions of this Section 9.2(b). In the event that the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering
Shares pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with the Tender Offer Rules, the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock
payable to holders of the Offering Shares tendering their Offering Shares pursuant to such tender offer shall be equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing: (i) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Corporation to pay its taxes, by (ii) the
total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a
stockholder vote on the proposed initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation, the Redemption Price per share
of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares exercising their Redemption Rights shall be equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Corporation to pay its taxes, by (b) the
total number of then outstanding Offering Shares 

(c) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation,
a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting
in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), shall be restricted
from seeking Redemption Rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Offering Shares without the prior consent of
the Corporation. 

(d) In the event that the
Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination by the Deadline Date, the Corporation shall (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject
to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the Offering Shares in consideration of a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest not
previously released to the Corporation to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses),
by (B) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Board in accordance
with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Corporation s obligations
under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 

(e) If
the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination,
the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if such initial Business Combination is approved
by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting
held to consider such initial Business Combination and (ii) the Redemption Limitation is not
exceeded. 

7 

(f) If the Corporation conducts
a tender offer pursuant to Section 9 .2(b), the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if
the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. 

Section 9.3 Distributions from
the Trust Account . 

 (a) A
Public Stockholder shall be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only as provided in Sections 9.2(a) , 9.2(b) ,
 9.2(d) or 9.7 hereof. In no other circumstances shall a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind
in or to distributions from the Trust Account, and no stockholder other than a Public Stockholder shall have any interest in or
to the Trust Account. 

(b) Each Public Stockholder
that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its interest in the Corporation and shall be deemed to have given its
consent to the release of the remaining funds in the Trust Account to the Corporation, and following payment to any Public Stockholders
exercising their Redemption Rights, the remaining funds in the Trust Account shall be released to the Corporation. 

(c) The exercise by a Public
Stockholder of the Redemption Rights shall be conditioned on such Public Stockholder following the specific procedures for redemptions
set forth by the Corporation in any applicable tender offer or proxy materials sent to the Public Stockholders relating to the
proposed initial Business Combination. Payment of the amounts necessary to satisfy the Redemption Rights properly exercised shall
be made as promptly as practical after the consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

Section 9.4 Share Issuances .
Prior to the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall not issue any additional
shares of capital stock of the Corporation that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust Account or vote
on any initial Business Combination, on any pre-Business Combination activity or on any amendment to this Article IX. 

Section 9.5 Transactions
with Affiliates . In the event the Corporation enters into an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated
with the Sponsor, or the directors or officers of the Corporation, the Corporation, or a committee of the independent directors
of the Corporation, shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions that such Business Combination is fair to the Corporation from a financial point of view. 

Section 9.6 No Transactions
with Other Blank Check Companies . The Corporation shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with another blank check
company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

Section 9.7 Additional
Redemption Rights . If, in accordance with Section 9.1(a), any amendment is made to Section 9.2(d) to modify (i) the substance
or timing of the ability of Public Stockholders to seek redemption in connection with an initial Business Combination or the Corporation s
obligation to redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination by the
Deadline Date or (ii) any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity,
the Public Stockholders shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon the approval of any such amendment,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest not
previously released to the Corporation to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares; provided, however,
that any such amendment will be voided, and this Article IX will remain unchanged, if any stockholders who wish to redeem
are unable to redeem due to the Redemption Limitation. 

Section 9.8 Minimum Value
of Target . So long as the Corporation is listed on a national securities exchange, the Corporation s initial Business
Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets
held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting discount held in, and taxes payable on the income earned on, the
Trust Account) at the time of the Corporation signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. 

ARTICLE X 

 CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY 

8 

To the extent allowed by
law, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall not apply with respect to the Corporation or
any of its officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine
would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Amended and Restated Certificate
or in the future, and the Corporation renounces any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of the Corporation will offer
any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to the Corporation, except, the doctrine of corporate opportunity
shall apply with respect to any of the directors or officers of the Corporation with respect to a corporate opportunity that was
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and (i) such opportunity is one
the Corporation is legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue
and (ii) the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to the Corporation without violating any legal obligation. 

ARTICLE XI 

 AMENDMENT OF AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE
OF INCORPORATION 

The Corporation reserves
the right at any time and from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated
Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at
the time in force that may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Amended and Restated Certificate
and the DGCL; and, except as set forth in Article VIII, all rights, preferences and privileges of whatever nature herein
conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate in its present
form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article XI; provided, however, that Article
IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate may be amended only as provided therein. 

ARTICLE XII 

 EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LAWSUITS; CONSENT
TO JURISDICTION 

Section 12.1 Forum .
Subject to the last sentence in this Section 12.1, and unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole
and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or
other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim
against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Amended and
Restated Certificate or the By-Laws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees
governed by the internal affairs doctrine and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed
to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery
in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery
(and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such
determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C)
for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the provisions of
this Section 12.1 will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction and (ii) unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of
an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

9 

Section 12.2 Consent
to Jurisdiction . If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 12.1 immediately above is filed in
a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware a Foreign Action in the name of
any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 12.1 immediately
above an FSC Enforcement Action and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in
any such FSC Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

Section 12.3 Severability .
If any provision or provisions of this Article XII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any
person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality
and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article XII (including,
without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Article XII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other
persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or
otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to the provisions of this Article XII. 

Section 12.3 Deemed Notice .
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed
to have notice of and consented to this Article XII. 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, TG Venture
Acquisition Corp. has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed and acknowledged in its name and on its
behalf by an authorized officer as of the date first set forth above. 

TG
VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Pui Lan Patrick Tsang 

Name: 
 Pui
Lan Patrick Tsang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation] 

 11 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 e4440_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

Description of Securities 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 111,000,000 shares consisting of (a) 100,000,000 share of Class A
common stock, 0.0001 par value, (b) 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and (c) 1,000,000 shares
of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock.
Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Public Units 

Each unit was sold at 10.00
and consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant. Only whole warrants are exercisable. Each whole
warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise
his, her or its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised
at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants
will trade. 

The Class A common
stock and warrants comprising the units began to trade separately on November 22, 2021. Holders have the option to continue to
hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer
agent in order to separate the units into shares of Class A common stock and warrants. 

Common Stock 

As of March 29, 2023, 14,446,649 shares of our common stock are outstanding
consisting of: 

11,557,500 shares of our Class A common stock underlying the units sold in the IPO (including 11,500,000 that are subject to possible redemption); and, 

2,889,149 shares of Class B common stock held by our founders. 

Our sponsor purchased 5,050,000
placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,050,000. 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. The holders of Class B common stock
have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. For all other matters subject to a stockholder
vote, holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class
on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules,
the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on
by our stockholders. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled
to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were
to enter into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required
to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders
vote on the initial business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with NASDAQ
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal
year end following our listing on NASDAQ. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual
meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written
consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires
an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance
with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

We will provide our stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per share. Our initial stockholders, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to founder shares held by them if we are forced to liquidate. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder
votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions
of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder
vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however,
a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other
legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial
business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business
combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital
stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled
to vote at such meeting. 

The participation of our
sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions if any, could result in the approval of our
initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against
such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes
will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required,
at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting
agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with
any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than
an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability
to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell
such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to
the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that
number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement, our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers
and directors and the underwriters have agreed to vote any founder shares, shares included in the representative units held by
them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in
favor of our initial business combination. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted
in favor of the initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders shares, we would need
only an additional 4,305,427 public shares or 37.44 of the 11,500,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of the
initial business combination (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted at the meeting) to have our initial business
combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to
redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described
in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months
from the closing of the IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial
stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we are forced to liquidate.
However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably
in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class
of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There
are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical
to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in the IPO and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder
rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described
in more detail below, (ii) our initial stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us,
pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we are forced
to liquidate, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (x) to modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments
to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
18 months from the closing of the IPO or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or
pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the
closing of the IPO, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public
shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period; (iii) the founder shares
are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the
time of our initial business combination, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein, and (iv) are
entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial
stockholders, officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any shares held by them and any public
shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial
business combination. 

The shares of Class B
common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like,
and further adjustments as provided in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation). 

With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities
affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) six
months after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if
the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of
common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our
board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each
series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights
that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects.
The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding
at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will
not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are currently registered. 

Redeemable Warrants 

Public Warrants 
No warrants are currently outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A common
stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of the IPO. However, except as set forth
below, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Class A common
stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time
as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not
be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial
business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

In addition, if (x) we
issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders
or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the
total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

We may call the warrants for redemption, in whole
and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at any time while the warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds 18.0 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders (the Force-Call Provision ), and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the Class A common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

The right to exercise will
be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. After the redemption date,
a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant
upon surrender of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria
for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial
exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so
that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the warrants. 

If we call the warrants
for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to
do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for
that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants
and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the
average reported last sale price of Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. For example, if a holder held 150 warrants to purchase 150
shares and the fair market value on the trading date prior to exercise was 15.00, that holder would receive 35 shares without
the payment of any additional cash consideration. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our Class A common stock
at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

The warrants will be issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and
us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any
ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority
of the then outstanding warrants (including the private placement warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number
of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the
event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the
warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of Class A common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise
form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise
price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being
exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Class A common stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be
voted on by shareholders. 

Except as described above,
no public warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock unless at the time
a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants is current and the shares of Class A common stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed
to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be
able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise.
If the prospectus relating to the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if
the shares of Class A common stock is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the
warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value,
the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. 

Warrant holders may elect
to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise
their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of
the shares of Class A common stock outstanding. 

No fractional shares will
be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A common stock to be issued
to the warrant holder, and the fractional interest will be canceled. 

Our warrant agreement will
provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to
the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Private placement warrants 

The private placement warrants
have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold in the IPO. 

The private placement warrants
(including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described herein). 

Warrant holders may elect
to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder (and his, her or its affiliates)
would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder (and his, her
or its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any person who acquires a warrant with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of our company,
or in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect, immediately upon such acquisition will
be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the underlying Class A common stock and not be able to take advantage of this provision. 

No fractional shares of
Class A common stock will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share (as a result of a subsequent share capitalizations payable in common stock, or by a
split up of the Class A common stock or other similar event), we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the
number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor committed to loan us funds as may be required. Up
to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of
the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The working capital warrants would be identical to the placement
warrants. However, as the warrants would not be issued until consummation of our initial business combination, any such warrants
would not be able to be voted on an amendment to the warrant agreement in connection with such business combination. 

Contractual Arrangements with respect
to the Private Placement Warrants 

We have agreed that the
private placement warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination. With respect to the private placement warrants held by the underwriters, for so long as such warrants are held by
the underwriters, such warrants will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement
registering such shares, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i). 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and
general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its
stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for
its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the
completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of
our common stock. Our founders, who collectively beneficially own approximately 20.0 of our common stock, will participate in
any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they
choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on NASDAQ, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ, NASDAQ rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial
business combination. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain
circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination 
includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our authorized but unissued
common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety
of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence
of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt
to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions
against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court
of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does
not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which
is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of
Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit
will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision
benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court
may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over
all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As
a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts
of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the venue for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note,
however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act
or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that
special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officers
or by our Chairman. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder
proposals and director nominations 

Our bylaws provide that
stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors
at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business
on the 90 th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of
the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion
in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements
as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters
before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Any action required or permitted
to be taken by our common stockholders must be affected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may
not be affected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock. 

Board of Directors 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of
directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but
only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of
our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Prior to the business
combination, the holders of Class B common stock have the right to elect all of our directors. Any vacancy on our board of directors,
including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors
then in office. 

Class B Common Stock Consent Right 

For so long as any shares
of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority
of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration
or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the
Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock
may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the
action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number
of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock
were present and voted. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

We have 14,446,649 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the
11,500,000 sold in the IPO are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares
purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 2,946,649 shares
and all 5,500,000 placement warrants (including component securities contained therein) are restricted securities under Rule 144,
in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and the shares of Class B common stock and placement
warrants are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in this Report. These restricted securities will be entitled to registration
rights as more fully described below under Registration Rights. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144,
a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled
to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or
at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements
for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially
owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at
any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be
entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which equals 144,466 shares; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates
under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public
information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144
by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial
stockholders will be able to sell their shares and placement warrants (including underlying shares of Class A common stock),
as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration six months after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, and any shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon the exercise of the placement warrants and any shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of the warrants issued as part of the working capital loans and Class A common stock issuable
upon conversion of the founder shares, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be
signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder
shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to
make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders
of the representative shares and representatives warrants may only make a demand during the five-year period beginning on the effective
date of the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO and may only make a demand on one occasion. In addition, the
holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our
completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the holders of the representative shares and representative warrants may participate
in a piggy-back registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration
statement in connection with the IPO. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement
provisions resulting from delays in registering our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 e4440_ex10-4.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT 

This Investment Management Trust
Agreement (this Agreement is made effective as of November 2, 2021, by and between TG Venture Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York
corporation (the Trustee ). 

WHEREAS, the Company s registration
statements on Form S-1, File No. 333-258773 (the Registration Statement and prospectus (the Prospectus for the initial public offering of the Company s units (the Units ), each of which consists of one share
of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and one redeemable
warrant, each one warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock (such initial public offering hereinafter
referred to as the Offering ), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission; and 

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with ThinkEquity LLC, as representative (the Representative of the several underwriters (the Underwriters named therein; and 

WHEREAS, as described in the Prospectus,
 102,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Warrants (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement)
(or 117,300,000, if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited
and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account for the
benefit of the Company and the holders of the Common Stock included in the Units issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided (the amount
to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein as the Property , 
the stockholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Stockholders, and
the Public Stockholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries ); and 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee
desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property. 

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED: 

1. Agreements and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to: 

(a) Hold the Property in trust
for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee in the United States
at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; 

(b) Manage, supervise and administer
the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

(c) In a timely manner, upon the
written instruction of the Company, invest and reinvest the Property in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the
conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company; the Trustee may
not invest in any other securities or assets; it being understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are
uninvested awaiting the Company s instructions hereunder and the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration; 

(d) Collect and receive, when due,
all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such term is used herein; 

(e) Promptly notify the Company
and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company; 

1 

(f) Supply any necessary information
or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Company s preparation of the tax
returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account; 

(g) Participate in any plan or
proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to do
so; 

(h) Render to the Company monthly
written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account; 

(i) Commence liquidation of the
Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from the Company Termination
Letter in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed
on behalf of the Company by at least two of its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary or Chairman of the board of
directors of the Company (the Board or other authorized officer of the Company, and, in the case of a Termination
Letter in a form substantially similar to the attached hereto as Exhibit A, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute
the Property in the Trust Account, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of
interest that may be released to the Company to pay dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents
referred to therein, or (y) the date which is the later of (1) 18 months after the closing of the Offering and (2) such later date as
may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in
accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including
interest not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest that may be released to the Company
to pay dissolution expenses) shall be distributed to the Public Stockholders of record as of such date; and provided, however, that in
the event the Trustee receives a Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to Exhibit B hereto, or if the Trustee begins to liquidate
the Property because it has received no such Termination Letter by the date specified in clause (y) of this Section 1(i), the Trustee
shall keep the Trust Account open until twelve (12) months following the date the Property has been distributed to the Public Stockholders. 

(j) Upon written request from the
Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C, withdraw from the
Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any tax obligation
owed by the Company as a result of assets of the Company or interest or other income earned on the Property, which amount shall be delivered
directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to
the relevant taxing authority; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax
obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make
such distribution, so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided, further,
that if the tax to be paid is a franchise tax, the written request by the Company to make such distribution shall be accompanied by a
copy of the franchise tax bill from the State of Delaware for the Company (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess
of interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company in the form
of Exhibit C referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall
have no responsibility to look beyond said request; 

(k) Upon written request from the
Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D, the Trustee shall
distribute on behalf of the Company the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem shares of Common Stock from Public Stockholders
properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the ability of Public Stockholders to seek redemption in connection with an initial
Business Combination or amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior thereto or the Company s
obligation to redeem 100 of its public shares of Common Stock if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within
such time as is described in clause (y) of Section 1(i) of the Agreement. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute
presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond
said request; and 

2 

(l) Not make any withdrawals or
distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), (j) or (k) above. 

2. Agreements and Covenants of
the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to: 

(a) Give all instructions to the
Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by at least two of the Company s Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer or Secretary. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled
to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable
care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly
confirm such instructions in writing; 

(b) Subject to Section 4 hereof,
hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all expenses, including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements,
or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection with any action, suit or other
proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, which in any way arises out of
or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the Property, except for
expenses and losses resulting from the Trustee s gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly after the receipt by the
Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek
indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified
Claim ). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim; provided that
the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which such consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel; 

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees set
forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee, and transaction processing fee which fees
shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay
such fees unless and until the closing of the Business Combination (as defined below). The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance
fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering. The Trustee shall refund to the Company the annual administration
fee (on a pro rata basis) with respect to any period after the liquidation of the Trust Account. The Company shall not be responsible
for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b)
hereof; 

(d) In connection with any vote
of the Company s stockholders regarding a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (the Business Combination ), provide
to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the stockholder meeting verifying the vote of such stockholders
regarding such Business Combination; 

(e) Provide the Representative
with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal
from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same; and 

(f) Instruct the Trustee to make
only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions that
are not permitted under this Agreement. 

3. Limitations of Liability. The
Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to: 

(a) Imply obligations, perform
duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly
set forth herein; 

(b) Take any action with respect
to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party except for liability
arising out of the Trustee s gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct; 

3 

(c) Institute any proceeding for
the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect to,
any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the Company
shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto; 

(d) Refund any depreciation in
principal of any Property; 

(e) Assume that the authority of
any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation,
or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee; 

(f) The other parties hereto or
to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustee s
best judgment, except for the Trustee s gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall
be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee,
which counsel may be the Company s counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution
and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained)
which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or
persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement
or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and,
if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto; 

(g) Verify the accuracy of the
information contained in the Registration Statement; 

(h) Provide any assurance that
any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement; 

(i) File information returns with
respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company documenting
the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property; 

(j) Prepare, execute and file tax
reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust
Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, franchise and income
tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or 

(k) Verify calculations, qualify
or otherwise approve the Company s written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof. 

4. Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee
has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim to, or to any monies in,
the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future.
In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 2(b) or
Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against
the Property or any monies in the Trust Account. 

5. Termination. This Agreement
shall terminate as follows: 

(a) If the Trustee gives written
notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor
trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies the
Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall
transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports
and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that in the event that the
Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee
may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or 

4 

(b) At such time that the Trustee
has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof (which
section may not be amended under any circumstances) and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination
Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect to Section 2(b). 

6. Miscellaneous. 

(a) The Company and the Trustee
each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust
Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized
persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access
to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon
all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information relating
to a Beneficiary, Beneficiary s bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustee s gross negligence,
fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error in the information
or transmission of the funds. 

(b) This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles
that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may be executed in several original
or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one instrument. 

(c) This Agreement contains the
entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement or any provision hereof
may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto. 

(d) This Agreement or any provision
hereof may only be changed, amended or modified pursuant to Section 6(c) hereof with the Consent of the Stockholders. For purposes of
this Section 6(d), the Consent of the Stockholders means receipt by the Trustee of a certificate from the inspector of elections
of the stockholder meeting certifying that the Company s stockholders of record as of a record date established in accordance with
Section 213(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended DGCL (or any successor rule), who hold
sixty-five percent (65 or more of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock and Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
of the Company voting together as a single class, have voted in favor of such change, amendment or modification. No such amendment will
affect any Public Stockholder who has otherwise indicated his election to redeem his shares of Common Stock in connection with a stockholder
vote sought to amend this Agreement to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Common Stock
if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the time frame specified in the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustee s gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct,
the Trustee may rely conclusively on the certification from the inspector of elections referenced above and shall be relieved of all liability
to any party for executing the proposed amendment in reliance thereon. 

(e) The parties hereto consent
to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving
any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

(f) Any notice, consent or request
to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail
or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by electronic mail: 

5 

if to the Trustee, to: 

 Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company 

 1 State Street, 30th Floor 

 New York, NY 10004 

 Attn: Najma Qurbanzada 

 Email: 

if to the Company, to: 

 TG Venture Acquisition Corp. 

 1390 Market Street, Suite 200 

 San Francisco, California 94102 

 Attn: Patrick Tsang 
Chief Executive Officer 

 Email: 

in each case, with copies to: 

 Hunter Taubman Fischer Li LLP 

 800 Third Ave, Suite 2800 

 New York, NY 10022 

 Attn: Louis Taubman, Esq. and Arila Zhou,
Esq. 

 Email: 

 Fax: 212-202-6380 

 and 

 ThinkEquity LLC 

 17 State Street, 22nd Floor 

 New York, New York 10004 

 Attn: Eric Lord, Head of Investment Banking 

 Fax No.: (212) 349-2550 

and 

 Loeb Loeb LLP 

 345 Park Avenue 

 New York, New York 10154 

 Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum, Esq. and David
Levine, Esq. 

 Email: 

 Tel: (212) 407-4000 

 Fax: (212) 937-3943 

(g) Each of the Company and the
Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform
its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed
against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance. 

(h) This Agreement is the joint
product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement
of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto. 

(i) This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one
and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission shall constitute valid
and sufficient delivery thereof. 

(j) Except as specified herein,
no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above. 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER 

TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee 

By: 
 /s/ Francis Wolf 

Name: Francis Wolf 

Title: Vice President 

TG VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Patrick Tsang 

Name: Patrick Tsang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SCHEDULE A 

Fee
 Item 
 
 Time
 and method of payment 
 
 Amount 

EXHIBIT A 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 

 1 State Street, 30th Floor 

 New York, New York 10004 

 Attn: Najma Qurbanzada 

Re: 
 Trust Account No. Termination Letter 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the
Investment Management Trust Agreement between TG Venture Acquisition Corp. (the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company (the Trustee ), dated as of __, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ),
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with (the Target Business to consummate
a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination on or about [insert date]. The Company
shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination (the Consummation
Date ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement. 

In accordance with the terms of
the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account and transfer the proceeds
to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held
in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on the Consummation
Date. It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account at [XX] awaiting distribution,
the Company will not earn any interest or dividends. 

On the Consummation Date, (i) counsel
for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated concurrently
with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification and (ii) the Company
shall deliver to you (a) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer, which verifies that the Business Combination has been approved
by a vote of the Company s stockholders, if a vote is held and (b) a written instruction signed by the Company with respect to the
transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including payment of amounts owed to public stockholders who have properly exercised
their redemption rights (the Instruction Letter ). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds
held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of
the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without
penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in
the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments
necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall
be terminated. 

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately
following the Consummation Date as set forth in such written instructions as soon thereafter as possible. 

Very
 truly yours, 

TG
 Venture Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

c.c. 
 ThinkEquity LLC 

EXHIBIT B 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 

 1 State Street, 30th Floor 

 New York, New York 10004 

 Attn: Najma Qurbanzada 

Re: 
 Trust Account No. Termination Letter 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the
Investment Management Trust Agreement between TG Venture Acquisition Corp. (the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company (the Trustee ), dated as of __, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ),
this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business (the Business
Combination within the time frame specified in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
as described in the Company s Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement. 

In accordance with the terms of
the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds into
a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to await distribution to the Public Stockholders. The Company has selected
[ ] (1) as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Stockholders will be entitled to receive their share of the
liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said
funds directly to the Company s Public Stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed
expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent
otherwise provided in Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement. 

(1) 
 18 months from the closing of the Offering, or at a later date, if extended. 

Very
 truly yours, 

TG
 Venture Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: 
 ThinkEquity LLC 

EXHIBIT C 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 

 1 State Street, 30th Floor 

 New York, New York 10004 

 Attn: Najma Qurbanzada 

Re: 
 Trust Account No. Withdrawal Instruction 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Pursuant to Section 1(j) of the
Investment Management Trust Agreement between TG Venture Acquisition Corp. (the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company (the Trustee ), dated as of __, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement. 

The Company needs such funds to
pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Company s
operating account at: 

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION] 

Very
 truly yours, 

TG
 Venture Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: 
 ThinkEquity LLC 

EXHIBIT D 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 

 1 State Street, 30th Floor 

 New York, New York 10004 

 Attn: Najma Qurbanzada 

Re: 
 Trust Account No. Stockholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Pursuant to Section 1(k) of the
Investment Management Trust Agreement between TG Venture Acquisition Corp. (the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company (the Trustee ), dated as of __, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Stockholders of the Company of the principal and interest income
earned on the Property as of the date hereof to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries for distribution to the
Stockholders who have requested redemption of their Common Stock. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in the Trust Agreement. 

The Company needs such funds to
pay its Public Stockholders who have properly elected to have their shares of Common Stock redeemed by the Company in connection with
a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of public shares of Common Stock if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within such time as is described in Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized
to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter. 

Very truly yours, 

TG Venture Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: 
 ThinkEquity LLC 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.13>
 5
 e4440_ex10-13.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.13

Exhibit 10.13 

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS
NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: Up to 3,000,000 
 Dated as of March 16, 2023 

TG
Venture Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and blank check company (the Maker ), promises to pay to
the order of Tsangs Group Holdings Limited, a HK company, or its registered assigns or successors in interest 
 (the Payee ), the principal sum of up to Three Million Dollars 3,000,000) in lawful money of the United
States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer
of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate
by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 

1. Payment.
 The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by the Maker on the date on which Maker consummates an initial business
combination (a Business Combination ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances
shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally
for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2. Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3. Drawdown
Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to Three Million Dollars 3,000,000) for costs reasonably related
to Maker s initial public offering of its securities (the IPO and its subsequent Business Combination,
such costs more fully set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto. The principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior
to the earlier of the date on which Maker consummates a Business Combination, upon written request from Maker to Payee (each, a
 Drawdown Request ). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount
less than Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000) unless agreed upon by Maker and Payee. Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later
than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively
under this Note is Three Million Dollars 3,000,000). For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts advanced or paid by Payee to or
on behalf of Maker in connection with costs related to Maker s IPO or Business Combination prior to the date of this Note,
as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, shall be counted towards the 3,000,000 aggregate principal amount under this Note. Once an
amount is drawn down under this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid. No fees, payments
or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. 

4. Application
of Payments. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in
the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment
in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events
of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant
to this Note within five (5) Business Days of the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking
possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any
substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally
to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having
jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree
or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

6. Remedies. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written
notice to Maker, declare this Note to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all
other amounts payable hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice
of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the
contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) and 5(c), the unpaid principal
balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable,
in all cases without any action on the part of Payee. 

7. Waivers. 
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor,
protest, and notice of protest with regard to this Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by
Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting
any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or
sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and
Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution
issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement
of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other
party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted
by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors,
or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

9. Notices. 
All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered:
(i) personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission
to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address
or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently
provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other
communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the Business
Day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) Business Day after delivery
to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 

10. Governing
Law. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law provisions
thereof. 

11. Business
Day . Business Day means a day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in New
York, NY are authorized or required by law to close. 

12. Severability. 
Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any
such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction. 

13. Trust
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim
of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account in which the proceeds of the IPO
and the proceeds of the sale of the warrants issued in a private placement are deposited, as described in greater detail in the
registration statement and prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby
agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

14. Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the
Maker and the Payee. 

15. Assignment .
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of
law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required
consent shall be void. 

[Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year
first above written. 

Tsangs Group Holdings Limited 

By: 

Name: Apple Lo 

Title: Chief Operating Officer 

TG Venture Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: Patrick Tsang 

Title: CEO 

Schedule
1 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 e4440_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Patrick Tsang,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of TG Venture Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Inapplicable; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Patrick Tsang 

Patrick Tsang 

Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 e4440_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Philip Rettger,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of TG Venture Acquisition Corp. 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Inapplicable; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Philip Rettger 

Philip Rettger 

Chief Financial Officer Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 e4440_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of TG Venture Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), for the
purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his
knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report
of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, (the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Patrick Tsang 

Patrick Tsang 

Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter
63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 e4440_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of TG Venture Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), for the
purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his
knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report
of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, (the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Philip Rettger 

Philip Rettger 

Chief Financial Officer Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter
63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 tgvc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 tgvc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 tgvc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 tgvc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

