<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_20639_0001140361-23-014268.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3458094</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107200</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>636511</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1005148</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>828519</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>741604</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-014268.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328163655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-014268
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AmBase Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000020639
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [6512]
		IRS NUMBER:				952962743
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07265
		FILM NUMBER:		23770102

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7857 WEST SAMPLE ROAD, SUITE 134
		CITY:			CORAL SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2012650169

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7857 WEST SAMPLE ROAD, SUITE 134
		CITY:			CORAL SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMBASE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HOME GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITYHOME CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780917

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-014268.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 brhc10050018_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS PURSUANT

TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

(Mark One)

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

 OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR

 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ________ to ________

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State of incorporation)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , . 

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: )

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Title of each class

Rights to Purchase Common Stock

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
 company. See the definitions of accelerated filer , large accelerated filer , and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

(Check one):

Large Accelerated Filer

Accelerated Filer

Smaller Reporting Company

Emerging Growth Company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements
 of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of
 incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes No 

At February 28, 2023, there were 
 shares of registrant s Common Stock outstanding. At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of registrant s voting securities (consisting of its Common Stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the average bid and asking price on
 such date of the Common Stock of 0.21 per share was approximately million. The Common Stock constitutes the registrant s only
 outstanding class of security.

Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which Proxy Statement the registrant intends to
 file with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close of its fiscal year, are incorporated by reference with respect to certain information contained therein, in Part III of this Annual Report.

The Exhibit Index is located in Part IV, Item 15, page 37.

AmBase Corporation

Annual Report on Form 10-K

December 31, 2022

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I

Page 

Item 1.

Business 

1

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

2

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

8

Item 2.

Properties 

8

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

8

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

8

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

9

Item 6.

Reserved 

9

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

9

Item 8.

Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

14

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

35

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

35

Item 9B.

Other Information 

36

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

36

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

36

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

36

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

36

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

36

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

37

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

37

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

38

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS

General

AmBase Corporation (the Company or AmBase is a Delaware corporation that was incorporated in 1975. AmBase is a holding company. At December 31, 2022, the Company s assets consisted primarily of cash and cash
 equivalents. The Company is engaged in the management of its assets and liabilities.

In June 2013, the Company purchased an equity interest in a real estate development property through a joint venture agreement to purchase and develop real property located at 105 through 111 West 57 th Street in New York, New York (the 111 West 57 th Property ). The Company is engaged
 in material disputes and litigation with regard to the 111 West 57 th Property. Despite ongoing litigation challenging the legitimacy of the actions taken in
 connection with the Strict Foreclosure , (as defined and further discussed herein), the Company recorded an impairment for the full amount of its equity investment in the 111 West 57th Property in 2017. Prior to the Strict Foreclosure, the
 carrying value of the Company s equity investment in the 111 West 57 th Property represented a substantial portion of the Company s assets and net equity value.

For additional information concerning the Company s recording of an impairment of its equity investment in the 111 West 57 th Property
 in 2017 and the Company s legal proceedings relating to the 111 West 57 th Property, including the Company s challenge to the Strict Foreclosure, see Part II Item 8 Note 3 and Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

The executive office of the Company is located at 7857 West Sample Road, Suite 134, Coral Springs, Florida 33065. The Company had four (4) full-time and two (2) part-time employees at December 31, 2022.

Background

In August 1988, the Company acquired Carteret Bancorp Inc., which through its principal wholly owned subsidiary Carteret Savings Bank, FA, was principally engaged in retail and consumer banking, and mortgage
 banking including mortgage servicing. On December 4, 1992, Carteret Savings Bank, FA was placed in receivership and a new institution, Carteret Federal Savings Bank was established to assume the assets and certain liabilities of Carteret Savings
 Bank, FA.

The Company was a plaintiff in a legal proceeding, commenced in 1993, seeking recovery of damages from the United States Government for the loss of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Carteret Savings Bank, F.A.
 (the Supervisory Goodwill legal proceedings). Pursuant to a Settlement Agreement between the Company, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-Receiver FDIC-R and the Department of Justice DOJ on behalf of the United States of America
 (the United States ), (the Settlement Agreement as approved by the United States Court of Federal Claims (the Court of Federal Claims ), in October 2012, the United States paid 180,650,000 directly to AmBase (the Settlement Amount ). On
 August 6, 2013, Senior Judge Smith issued an opinion which addressed the relief sought by the Company. In summary, the court held that the Settlement Agreement is a contract and that it entitles the Company to receive both (1) the amount of the
 tax consequences resulting from taxation of the damages award plus (2) the tax consequences of receiving the first component. But the Court of Federal Claims did not award an additional amount for the second component at that time given the
 remaining uncertainty surrounding the ultimate tax treatment of the settlement proceeds and the gross-up, as well as uncertainty relating to the Company s future income. The Court of Federal Claims indicated that either the Company or the
 government is entitled to seek further relief if, and when, the facts justify it. 

Stockholder Inquiries

Stockholder inquiries, including requests for the following: (i) change of address; (ii) replacement of lost stock certificates; (iii) Common Stock name registration changes; (iv) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q;
 (v) Annual Reports on Form 10-K; (vi) Current Reports on Form 8-K; (vii) proxy materials; and (viii) information regarding stockholdings, should be directed to:

American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC

6201 15 th Avenue

Brooklyn, NY 11219

Attention: Shareholder Services

(800) 937-5449 or (718) 921-8200 Ext. 6820 

1 

Table of Contents 

The Company does not maintain a website. Copies of Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Proxy Statements can be obtained from the Company free of charge by
 mailing a request to the Company as follows:

AmBase Corporation

12 Lincoln Blvd., Suite 202

Emerson, NJ 07630

Attn: Shareholder Services

The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, the Company s public reports, including Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
 Current Reports on Form 8-K, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Proxy Statements, can be obtained through the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC EDGAR Database available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Materials filed with the SEC may
 also be read or copied by visiting the SEC s Public Reference Room, 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling 1-800-SEC-0330.

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS

The Company is subject to various risks, many of which are beyond the Company s control, which could have a negative effect on the Company and its financial condition. As a result of these and other factors, the
 Company may experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis which could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. An investment in
 the Company s stock involves various risks, including those mentioned below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), and those that are detailed from time to time in the Company s other filings with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, before you decide whether to purchase the Company s common
 stock.

Operating Risks

Going Concern

The Company has incurred operating losses and used cash for operating activities for the past several years. The Company has continued to keep operating expenses at a reduced level; however, there can be no
 assurance that the Company s current level of operating expenses will not increase or that other uses of cash will not be necessary. The Company believes that based on its current level of operating expenses, its existing cash and cash
 equivalents may not be sufficient to cover operating cash needs through the twelve month period from the financial statement reporting date. Based on the above factors, management determined there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability
 to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The
 financial statements do not include adjustments to the carrying value of assets and liabilities, which might be necessary should the Company not continue in operation.

In order to continue as a going concern, the Company must take steps to manage its current level of cash and cash equivalents, through various ways, including but not limited to, raising additional capital through
 the sale of equity or debt securities or long term borrowings, which may include additional borrowings from affiliates of the Company, reducing operating expenses, and seeking recoveries from various sources. There can be no assurance that the
 Company will be able to adequately implement these cash management measures, in whole or in part or raise capital or obtain financing on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all.

To provide the necessary cash resources to continue operations and continue the litigation related to the 111 West 57th Property, the Company is currently considering and evaluating various strategic funding and/or
 financing alternatives in order to raise approximately 7 million in funding. Such funding may be provided by a variety of sources, including but not limited to third parties, existing shareholders of the Company and/or Company management, and
 may take in the form of litigation funding agreements, equity or debt securities, loans, or any combination thereof. Any sale of securities by the Company may not be offered or sold absent registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 (the Act ), or an applicable exemption from such registration, which may include exemptions pursuant to Rules 506(b) or 506(c) of Regulation D under the Act.

2 

Table of Contents 

The terms and conditions of any such funding and/or financing agreements are expected to take several months to negotiate and finalize. Depending on the timing of any such agreements, the Company s Chairman,
 President and Chief Executive Office, Mr. Richard A. Bianco R.A. Bianco has indicated that, if and when needed, he would provide a working capital line of credit to the Company on an as needed basis, subject to customary and market terms and
 conditions to be agreed upon at such time. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to secure any such funding and/or financing arrangements on acceptable terms or at all.

For additional information with regard to the Company s investment in the 111 West 57 th Property and the legal proceedings related
 thereto see Part II Item 8 Note 3 and Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

The Company has incurred operating losses over the last several years and may not be able to achieve profitability.

We expect our operating expenses in 2023 will remain generally close to our most recent levels, although there can be no assurance that the Company s current level of
 operating expenses will not increase or that other uses of cash will not be necessary, including increased costs related to the Company s legal proceeding depending on a variety of factors including the status of legal proceedings, appeals,
 discovery expert fees, and other litigation related expenses. These losses, among other things, have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our working capital, total assets and stockholders 
 equity. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with property development and management, we are unable to predict if or when we may become profitable. 

The Company is in a competitive business.

The real estate industry is highly competitive. In addition, the Company expects other major real estate investors, some with much greater resources than the Company has, may compete with the Company for attractive
 acquisition opportunities. These competitors include REITs, investment banking firms and private institutional investors. This competition has increased prices for commercial properties and may impair the Company s ability to make suitable
 property acquisitions on favorable terms in the future.

We are a party to legal proceedings relating to our equity interest in the joint real estate venture 111 West 57th Partners, and may become subject to
 additional litigation in the future, all of which continue to have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock.

We are currently party to lawsuits relating to our equity interest in the joint real estate venture 111 West 57th Property, as further described in Part II 
 Item 8 Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. There can be no assurance that the Company will prevail with any of its claims with respect to its interests in the 111 West 57 th Property or that any course of action will be successful in recovering value for the Company from this investment. If the Company is unable to recover all or most of the value of its investment in the 111 West
 57 th Property, there would be a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and future prospects, including the Company s ability to continue as a
 going concern. In addition, in the future we may become subject to additional litigation, including claims relating to our operations, assets, offerings, and otherwise in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims may result in
 significant defense costs and potentially significant judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be insured against. An adverse determination with respect to any of these claims may result in our having to pay material judgments, or
 settlements, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price of our common stock. Certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the
 availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows and potentially expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured.

Illiquidity of real estate limits our ability to act quickly .

Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Such illiquidity may limit our ability to react quickly in response to changes in economic and other conditions. If we want to sell an investment, we might not be
 able to dispose of that investment in the time period we desire, and the sales price of that investment might not recoup or exceed the amount of our investment. These limitations on our ability to sell properties or investments could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

3 

Table of Contents 

Property ownership through equity investments and/or in joint ventures could subject us to the differing business objectives of our co-venturers.

The Company has entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, equity investments and/or joint ventures (including limited liability companies and partnerships) in which the Company does not hold a
 direct or controlling interest in the assets underlying the entities in which it invests, including equity investments and/or joint ventures in which (i) the Company owns a direct interest in an entity which controls such assets, or (ii) the
 Company owns a direct interest in an entity which owns indirect interests, through one or more intermediaries, of such assets. These equity investments and/or joint ventures may include ventures through which the Company would own an indirect
 economic interest of less than 100 percent of a property owned directly by such joint ventures and may include equity investments and/or joint ventures that the Company does not control or manage. These investments involve risks that do not
 exist with properties in which the Company owns a controlling interest with respect to the underlying assets, including the possibility that (i) we may become subject to material, legal disputes with our joint venture partners, as is the case
 with respect to our investment in the 111 West 57 th Property; (ii) our co-venturers or partners may, at any time, become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make
 capital contributions when due, (iii) we may be subject to additional capital calls for joint venture development or other expenses which we may be unable or unwilling to meet, possibly resulting in substantial dilution of our investment, (iv) we
 may become liable with respect to guarantees of payment or performance by the joint ventures, or (v) we may become subject to buy-sell arrangements which could cause us to sell our interests or acquire our co-venturer s or partner s interests in
 a joint venture. Even where we have major decision rights or do not have major decision rights, because we lack a controlling interest, our co-venturers or partners may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or
 contrary to our policies or objectives. While we seek protective rights against such contrary actions, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in procuring any such protective rights, or if procured, that the rights will be
 sufficient to fully protect us against contrary actions. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in equity investments and/or joint ventures and/or partnerships. If the objectives of our
 co-venturers or partners are inconsistent with ours, it may adversely affect our ability to make receive and distributions or payments to our investors.

We may be unable to identify suitable properties for equity investments and acquisitions and any new investments and acquisitions may fail to perform as expected and subject
 us to new risks, including risks created by geographic concentration.

The Company may not be able to identify suitable properties for equity investments and acquisitions. Even if we are able to identify suitable properties for equity investments and acquisitions, we may not be able
 to carry out such equity investments or acquisitions on favorable terms, or at all. Any new equity investments in properties or newly acquired properties may not perform as expected and may subject us to unknown liability with respect to
 liabilities relating to such properties for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination or claims by tenants, residents, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the properties. Inaccurate assumptions regarding future rental
 or occupancy rates, or fluctuations in the target market could result in overly optimistic estimates of future revenues. In addition, future operating expenses or the costs necessary to bring an acquired property up to standards established for
 its intended market position may be underestimated. The search for and process of acquiring such properties will also require a substantial amount of management s time and attention.

Fluctuations in the local market in which the Company s equity investment in a development property is located may adversely impact the Company s financial
 condition and operating results .

The 111 West 57th Property, which the Company purchased an equity investment in during 2013, is located in New York City. This geographic concentration could present risks if the New York City property market
 performance falls below expectations. The economic condition of this market could affect occupancy, property revenues, and expenses, from the property and future asset value.

The Company may not be able to insure certain risks economically.

The Company may experience economic harm if any damage to the Company s property or properties is not covered by insurance. The Company cannot be certain that the Company will be able to insure all risks that the
 Company desires to insure economically or that all of the Company s insurers will be financially viable if the Company makes a claim. The Company may suffer losses that are not covered under the Company s insurance policies. If an uninsured loss
 or a loss in excess of insured limits should occur, the Company could lose capital invested in a property or properties, as well as any potential future revenue from the property or properties.

4 

Table of Contents 

Development and redevelopment activities may be delayed, not completed, and/or not achieve expected results .

The Company s investments in development and redevelopment activities generally entail certain risks, including the following:

- 

funds may be expended, and management s time devoted to projects that may not be completed,

- 

required approvals may not be obtained from governmental entities or other third parties,

- 

construction costs of a project may exceed original estimates, negatively impacting the economic feasibility of the project,

- 

projects may be delayed due to, without limitation, adverse weather conditions, labor or material shortages,

- 

occupancy rates and rents at a completed project may be less than anticipated, and

- 

expenses at completed development projects may be higher than anticipated.

These risks may reduce the funds available for distribution to the Company and have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Further, investment in and the
 development and redevelopment of real estate is also subject to the general risks associated with real estate investments. For further information regarding these risks, see the risk factor The Company is
 subject to risks inherent in owning, developing and leasing real estate. 

We are dependent on our key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed and the loss of whose service could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Whether our business is successful will be dependent in part upon the leadership, strategic business direction and real estate experience of our executive officers, particularly Mr. R.A. Bianco, our Chairman,
 President and Chief Executive Officer. Although we have entered into an employment agreement with Mr. R.A. Bianco, none of our executive officers or directors are subject to any covenants not to compete against the Company should they terminate
 their affiliation with the Company. While we believe that we could find replacements for these key personnel, loss of their services could adversely affect our operations. Although we carry some key man life insurance on Mr. R.A. Bianco, the
 amount of such coverage may not be sufficient to offset any adverse economic effects on our operations and we do not carry key man life insurance on any of our other executive officers or directors.

Changes in the composition of the Company s assets and liabilities through acquisitions, divestitures or corporate restructuring may affect the Company s results.

The Company may make future acquisitions or divestitures of assets or changes in how such assets are held. Any change in the composition of the Company s assets and liabilities or how such assets and liabilities
 are held could significantly affect the Company s financial position and the risks that the Company faces.

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the market, on which the Company s common stock trades, the markets in which the Company operates the Company s
 operations and the Company s results of operations.

Terrorist attacks or armed conflicts could affect the Company s business or the businesses of the Company s tenants. The consequences of armed conflicts are unpredictable, and the Company may not be able to foresee
 events that could have an adverse effect on the Company s business. More generally, any of these events could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the U.S. and worldwide financial markets and
 economy. They also could be a factor resulting in, or a continuation of, an economic recession in the U.S. or abroad. Any of these occurrences could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s operating results and revenues and may result
 in volatility of the market price for the Company s common stock.

5 

Table of Contents 

The Company is subject to risks inherent in owning, developing and leasing real estate.

The Company is subject to varying degrees of risk generally related to leasing and owning real estate, many of which are beyond the Company s control. In addition to general risks related to owning commercial real
 estate, the Company s risks include, among others:

- 

deterioration in regional and local economic and real estate market conditions,

- 

failure to complete construction and lease-up on schedule or within budget may increase debt service expense and construction and other costs,

- 

increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities and real estate taxes, due to inflation and other factors which may not necessarily be offset by increased rents,

- 

changes in interest rate levels, rates of inflation and the availability of financing,

- 

fluctuations in tourism patterns,

- 

adverse changes in laws and regulations (including tax, environmental, zoning and building codes, landlord/tenant and other housing laws and regulations) and agency or
 court interpretations of such laws and regulations and the related costs of compliance, 

- 

potential changes in supply of, or demand for rental properties similar to the Company s,

- 

competition for tenants and changes in rental rates,

- 

concentration in a single real estate asset and class,

- 

needs for additional capital which may be required for needed development or repositioning of one or more real estate assets may exceed the Company s abilities or its desired minimum level of liquidity,

- 

difficulty in reletting properties on favorable terms or at all,

- 

impairments in the Company s ability to collect rent payments when due,

- 

the potential for uninsured casualty and other losses,

- 

the impact of present or future environmental legislation and compliance with environmental laws,

- 

changes in federal or state tax laws,

- 

the effects of global pandemics such as COVID-19 and government responses thereto; and

- 

acts of terrorism and war.

Each of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to receive distributions from its properties and investments and the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In
 addition, real estate investments are relatively illiquid, which means that the Company s ability to promptly sell the Company s property in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be limited.

S ecurity breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer .

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data that may include intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our tenants and business partners, including
 personally identifiable information of our tenants and employees, on our networks. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error,
 malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in
 legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disrupt our operations, and damage our reputation, which could adversely affect our business.

The Company may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to fully realize the Company s deferred tax asset.

The Company has federal income tax net operating loss NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes. If the Company is unable to generate sufficient taxable income, the Company may not be able to fully realize
 the benefit of the NOL carryforwards.

6 

Table of Contents 

Because the Company from time to time maintains a majority of its assets in cash and/or securities, the Company may in the future be deemed to be an investment company under
 the Investment Company Act of 1940 resulting in additional costs and regulatory burdens.

Currently, the Company believes that either it is not within the definition of Investment Company as the term is defined under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act or, alternatively, may rely on
 one or more of the 1940 Act s exemptions. The Company intends to continue to conduct its operations in a manner that will exempt the Company from the registration requirements of the 1940 Act. If the Company were to be deemed to be an investment
 company because of the Company s investments securities holdings, the Company would be required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act places significant restrictions on the capital structure and corporate
 governance of a registered investment company, and materially restricts its ability to conduct transactions with affiliates. Compliance with the 1940 Act could also increase the Company s operating costs. Such changes could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition.

Anti-takeover Risks

Our amended and restated shareholder rights plan may delay or prevent an acquisition of us that shareholders may consider favorable or may prevent efforts
 by our shareholders to change our directors or our management, which could decrease the value of your common shares.

On March 27, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the New Rights Plan which is designed to provide adequate time for our Board of Directors and shareholders to assess an unsolicited
 takeover bid for our company, to provide our Board of Directors with sufficient time to explore and develop alternatives for maximizing shareholder value if a takeover bid is made, and to provide shareholders with an equal opportunity to
 participate in a takeover bid and receive full and fair value for their common shares. The New Rights Plan is set to expire on March 27, 2029. The rights will become exercisable only when a person, including any party related to it, acquires or
 attempts to acquire 25 or more of our outstanding common stock. Should such an acquisition occur or be announced, each right would, upon exercise, entitle a rights holder, other than the acquiring person and related persons, to purchase common
 shares at a 50 discount to the market price at the time. The New Rights Plan may inhibit a change in control of the Company by a third party in a transaction not approved by the Company s Board of Directors. If a change in control is inhibited
 or delayed in this manner, it may adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock.

Other Risks

The current pandemic of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) is expected to, and the future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases may, materially and
 adversely impact the business, income, cash flow, results of operations and financial condition of the Company, including the 111 West 57th Property.

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. COVID-19 has since spread globally, including to every state in the United States. On March 11, 2020, the
 World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic, and on March 13, 2020, the United States declared a national emergency with respect to COVID-19.

The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and another pandemic in the future could have, repercussions across regional and global economies and financial markets. The outbreak of COVID-19 has significantly and adversely
 impacted global economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets. The impact of the outbreak has been rapidly evolving and, as cases of COVID-19 have continued to be identified, many
 countries, including the United States, have reacted by instituting quarantines, mandating business and school closures and restricting travel.

Preventative measures taken to alleviate the public health crisis, including shelter-in-place or stay-at-home orders issued by local, state and federal authorities, may have a material adversely effect on the
 business, income, cash flow, results of operations and financial condition of the Company, including the 111 West 57th Property, including without limitation a reduction in demand and sales prices and increased management and health maintenance
 costs.

7 

Table of Contents 

We face possible risks associated with the physical effects of climate change.

We cannot predict with certainty whether climate change is occurring and, if so, at what rate. However, the physical effects of climate change could have a material adverse effect on our 111 West 57 th Property, operations, and business. To the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns or severity, our markets could experience increase in storm
 intensity (including floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, or snow and ice storms), rising sea-levels, and changes in precipitation, temperature, air quality, and quality and availability of water. Over time, these conditions could result in physical
 damage to, or declining demand for, our properties or our inability to operate the buildings efficiently or at all. Climate change may also indirectly affect our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on
 terms we find acceptable, increasing the cost of required resources, including energy, other fuel sources, water, and waste and snow removal services, and increasing the risk and severity of flood and earthquakes at our properties. Should the
 impact of climate change be severe or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition, compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter
 interpretations of existing laws may require material expenditure by us. For example, various federal, state, and local laws and regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to mitigate the effects of climate change caused by
 greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, green building codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of standards for design, construction materials, water and energy usage and efficiency, and waste management. Such codes
 could require us to make improvements to our existing properties, increase the costs of maintaining or improving our existing properties or developing new properties, or increase taxes and fees assessed on us or our properties. Expenditures
 required for compliance with such codes may affect our cash flow and results of operations.

The military action commenced in February 2022, by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic
 sanctions may, materially and adversely impact the Company s ability to obtain litigation funding and/or borrowing arrangements as a result of increased market volatility or decreased market liquidity .

Additionally, as a result of the military action commenced in February 2022, by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions, the
 Company s ability to sell equity or debt securities or obtain litigation funding and/or borrowing arrangements may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity for these items
 being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or ability to consummate the
 sale of equity or debt securities, a litigation funding arrangement and/or borrowing arrangements are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES

The Company rents approximately 150 square feet of office space for its executive office at 7857 West Sample Road, Suite 134, Coral Springs, FL 33065 on a short term basis. The Company also rents on a short term
 basis approximately 200 square feet of office space in Emerson, NJ.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

For a discussion of the Company s legal proceedings, see Part II - Item 8 - Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries may be named as a defendant in various lawsuits or proceedings. At the current time, except as set forth in Part II - Item 8 -
 Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company is unaware of any legal proceedings pending against the Company. The Company intends to aggressively contest all litigation and contingencies, as well as pursue all
 sources for contributions to settlements. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will prevail with respect to any of its claims.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

8 

Table of Contents 

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The Common Stock of the Company is quoted in the over-the-counter market under the symbol ABCP. Such prices reflect interdealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not necessarily
 represent actual transactions.

As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 6,000 beneficial owners of the Company s Common Stock.

Common Stock Repurchase Plan

The Company s common stock repurchase plan (the Repurchase Plan allows for the repurchase by the Company of its common stock in the open market. The Repurchase Plan is conditioned upon favorable business
 conditions and acceptable prices for the common stock. Purchases under the Repurchase Plan may be made, from time to time, in the open market, through block trades or otherwise. Depending on market conditions and other factors, purchases may be
 commenced or suspended any time or from time to time without prior notice. No common stock repurchases have been made pursuant to the Repurchase Plan during 2022 or 2021. Due to the Company s current financial condition and ongoing litigation
 proceedings, the Company does not anticipate that it will make any stock purchases pursuant to the Repurchase Plan in the next twelve months. For additional information see Part II - Item 8 - Note 5 to the
 Company s consolidated financial statements.

ITEM 6. 

[RESERVED]

Not applicable.

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are contained in Part II - Item 8, herein.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

AmBase Corporation (the Company or AmBase is a Delaware corporation that was incorporated in 1975. AmBase is a holding company. At December 31, 2022, the Company s assets consisted primarily of cash and cash
 equivalents. The Company is engaged in the management of its assets and liabilities.

In June 2013, the Company purchased an equity interest in a real estate development property through a joint venture agreement to purchase and develop real property located at 105 through 111 West 57 th Street in New York, New York (the 111 West 57 th Property ). The Company is engaged
 in material disputes and litigation with regard to the 111 West 57 th Property. Despite ongoing litigation challenging the legitimacy of the actions taken in
 connection with the Strict Foreclosure , (as defined and further discussed herein), the Company recorded an impairment for the full amount of its equity investment in the 111 West 57th Property in 2017. Prior to the Strict Foreclosure, the
 carrying value of the Company s equity investment in the 111 West 57 th Property represented a substantial portion of the Company s assets and net equity value.

For additional information regarding the Company s recording of an impairment of its equity investment in the 111 West 57 th Property
 in 2017 and the Company s legal proceedings relating to the 111 West 57 th Property, including the Company s challenge to the Strict Foreclosure, see Part II Item 8 Note 3 and Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Company s assets at December 31, 2022, aggregated 410,000, consisting principally of cash and cash equivalents of 349,000. At December 31, 2022, the Company s liabilities aggregated 1,484,000. Total
 stockholders deficit was 1,074,000.

9 

Table of Contents 

The Company has incurred operating losses and used cash for operating activities for the past several years. The Company has continued to keep operating expenses at a reduced level; however, there can be no
 assurance that the Company s current level of operating expenses will not increase or that other uses of cash will not be necessary. The Company believes that based on its current level of operating expenses, its existing cash and cash
 equivalents may not be sufficient to cover operating cash needs through the twelve month period from the financial statement reporting date. Based on the above factors, management determined there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability
 to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The
 financial statements do not include adjustments to the carrying value of assets and liabilities, which might be necessary should the Company not continue in operation.

In order to continue as a going concern, the Company must take steps to manage its current level of cash and cash equivalents, through various ways, including but not limited to, raising additional capital through
 the sale of equity or debt securities or long term borrowings, which may include additional borrowings from affiliates of the Company, reducing operating expenses, and seeking recoveries from various sources. There can be no assurance that the
 Company will be able to adequately implement these cash management measures, in whole or in part or raise capital or obtain financing on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all.

In June 2013, the Company purchased an equity interest in the 111 West 57 th Property. The Company is engaged in material disputes and
 litigation with regard to the 111 West 57 th Property. Despite ongoing litigation challenging the legitimacy of the actions taken in connection with the Strict
 Foreclosure , (as defined and further discussed herein), in accordance with GAAP, the Company recorded an impairment for the full amount of its equity investment in the 111 West 57th Property of 63,745,000 in 2017. Prior to the Strict
 Foreclosure, the carrying value of the Company s equity investment in the 111 West 57 th Property represented a substantial portion of the Company s assets and net
 equity value.

For additional information concerning the Company s recording of an impairment of its equity investment in the 111 West 57 th Property
 in 2017 and the Company s legal proceedings relating to the 111 West 57 th Property, including the Company s challenge to the Strict Foreclosure, see Part II Item 8 Note 3 and Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

With respect to its disputes and litigation relating to its interest in the 111 West 57th Property, the Company is pursuing, and will continue to pursue, other options to realize the Company s investment value,
 various legal courses of action to protect its legal rights, recovery of its asset value from various sources of recovery, as well as considering other possible economic strategies, including the possible sale of the Company s interest in and/or
 rights with respect to the 111 West 57 th Property; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will prevail with respect to any of its claims.

The Company can give no assurances regarding the outcome of the matters described herein, including as to the effect of Spruce s actions described herein, whether the Sponsors will perform their contractual
 commitments to the Company under the JV Agreement, as to what further action, if any, the lenders may take with respect to the project, as to the ultimate resolution of the ongoing litigation proceedings relating to the Company s investment
 interest in the 111 West 57 th Property, as to the ultimate effect of the Sponsors , the Company s or the lenders actions on the project, as to the completion or
 ultimate success of the project, or as to the value or ultimate realization of any portion of the Company s equity investment in the 111 West 57 th Property. For
 additional information with regard to the Company s investment in the 111 West 57 th Property and the legal proceedings related thereto see Part II Item 8 Note 3 and Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

While the Company s management is evaluating future courses of action to protect and/or recover the value of the Company s equity investment in the 111 West 57 th Property, the adverse developments make it uncertain as to whether any such courses of action will be successful. Any such efforts are likely to require sustained effort over a period of time and substantial
 additional financial resources. Inability to recover all or most of such value would, in all likelihood, have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and future prospects. The Company can give no assurances with regard to
 if it will prevail with respect to any of its claims.

10 

Table of Contents 

To provide the necessary cash resources to continue operations and continue the litigation related to the 111 West 57th Property, the Company is currently considering and evaluating various strategic funding and/or
 financing alternatives in order to raise approximately 7 million in funding. Such funding may be provided by a variety of sources, including but not limited to third parties, existing shareholders of the Company and/or Company management, and
 may take in the form of litigation funding agreements, equity or debt securities, loans, or any combination thereof. Any sale of securities by the Company may not be offered or sold absent registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 (the Act ), or an applicable exemption from such registration, which may include exemptions pursuant to Rules 506(b) or 506(c) of Regulation D under the Act.

The terms and conditions of any such funding and/or financing agreements are expected to take several months to negotiate and finalize. Depending on the timing of any such agreements, the Company s Chairman,
 President and Chief Executive Office, Mr. Richard A. Bianco R.A. Bianco has indicated that, if and when needed, he would provide a working capital line of credit to the Company on an as needed basis, subject to customary and market terms and
 conditions to be agreed upon at such time. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to secure any such funding and/or financing arrangements on acceptable terms or at all.

In 2017, the Company entered into a Litigation Funding Agreement (the LFA with Mr. R.A. Bianco. Pursuant to the LFA, Mr. R.A. Bianco agreed to provide litigation funding to the Company, to satisfy actual
 documented litigation costs and expenses of the Company, including attorneys fees, expert witness fees, consulting fees and disbursements in connection with the Company s legal proceedings related to the Company s equity investment in the 111
 West 57th Property. In 2019, the Company and Mr. R.A. Bianco entered into an amendment to the LFA (the Amendment). For additional information including the terms of the Litigation Funding Agreement, as amended by the Amendment, see Part II Item 8 Note 9 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash of 2,654,000 was used by operations for the payment of operating expenses and prior year accruals.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash of 4,922,000 was used by operations for the payment of operating expenses and prior year accruals.

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2022, increased as compared to December 31, 2021. The amounts in the respective years are principally related to accruals for legal expenses in connection
 with the 111 West 57 th Property legal proceedings.

There are no material commitments for capital expenditures as of December 31, 2022. Inflation has had no material impact on the business and operations of the Company.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The Company recorded a net loss of 3,473,000 or 0.09 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a net loss of 5,208,000 or 0.13 per share.

Compensation and benefits decreased to 1,410,000 in 2022 from 1,506,000 in 2021. The decrease in 2022 as compared to 2021 is primarily due to a decrease in benefit costs in 2022 versus 2021.

Professional and outside services expenses decreased to 1,668,000 in 2022 from 3,358,000 in 2021. The decrease in 2022 as compared to 2021 is principally the result of lower level of legal
 and professional fees incurred in 2022 in connection with the Company s legal proceedings relating to the Company s investment in the 111 West 57 th Property. For
 additional information with regard to the Company s investment in the 111 West 57 th Property and the legal proceedings related thereto, see Part II Item 8 Note 3 and Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

Property operating and maintenance expenses increased to 17,000 in 2022 from 15,000 in 2021. The increase is primarily due to a slight increase in property operating and maintenance expenses
 in 2022 versus 2021.

Insurance expenses decreased to 257,000 in 2022, compared with 261,000 in 2021. The decrease is primarily due to an decrease in insurance premium costs.

Other operating expenses increased slightly to 72,000 in 2022 compared with 68,000 in 2021 due to a general higher level of expenses in 2022 versus 2021.

Interest income in 2022 increased to 9,000 compared to 1,000 in 2021. The increased interest income is due to a higher yield on cash equivalents on hand in 2022 versus 2021.

11 

Table of Contents 

Interest expense of 57,000 in 2022 is attributable to interest expense paid to a professional firm for outstanding and unpaid professional fees.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an income tax expense of 1,000 attributable to a provision for a tax on capital imposed by the state jurisdictions. For additional information see Part II Item 8 Note 7 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an income tax expense of 1,000 attributable to a provision for a tax on capital imposed by the state jurisdictions. For additional information, see Part II Item 8 Note 7 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

A reconciliation between income taxes computed at the statutory federal rate and the provision for income taxes is included in Part II - Item

8 Note 7 to the Company s consolidated financial statements. For additional information including a discussion of income tax matters, see Part II Item 8 Note 7 to the Company s consolidated
 financial statements.

APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Our consolidated financial statements are based on the selection and application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require us to make estimates and assumptions about
 future events that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and the accompanying notes. Future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. The determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment.
 Actual results could differ from those estimates, and any such differences may be material to the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the following accounting policies, which are important to our consolidated financial position and
 consolidated results of operations, require a higher degree of judgment and complexity in their application and represent the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. If different assumptions
 or conditions were to prevail, the results could be materially different from our reported results. For a summary of all our accounting policies, including the accounting policies discussed below, see Part II -
 Item 8 - Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements.

Equity Method Investment: Investments and ownership interests are accounted for under the equity method of accounting if the Company has the ability to
 exercise significant influence, but not control (under GAAP), over the investment. Investments accounted for under the equity method are carried at cost, plus or minus the Company s equity in the increases and decreases in the net assets after
 the date of acquisition and certain other adjustments. The Company s share of income or loss for equity method investments is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations as equity income (loss). Dividends received, if any, would reduce
 the carrying amount of the Company s investment.

Legal Proceedings: From time to time the Company and its subsidiaries may be named as a defendant in various lawsuits or proceedings. At the current
 time, except as set forth in Part II - Item 8 - Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company is unaware of any legal proceedings pending against the Company. Management of the
 Company, in consultation with outside legal counsel, continually reviews the likelihood of liability and associated costs of pending and threatened litigation including the basis for the calculation of any litigation reserves which may be
 necessary. The assessment of such reserves includes an exercise of judgment and is a matter of opinion. The Company intends to aggressively contest all threatened litigation and contingencies, as well as pursue all sources for contributions to
 settlements. For a discussion of lawsuits and proceedings, see Part II - Item 8 - Note 8 to the Company s consolidated financial statements . 

Income Tax Audits: The Company s federal, state and local tax returns, from time to time, may be audited by the tax authorities, which could result in
 proposed assessments or a change in the NOL carryforwards and of AMT credits currently available. In connection with the IRS examination of the Company s 2012 federal income tax return, the IRS accepted the Company s federal NOL loss
 carryforward deductions from 1997 through 2006 which were utilized as part of the Company s 2012 federal income tax return to reduce the Company s 2012 federal taxable income. The Company has not been notified of any other potential tax audits
 by any federal, state or local tax authorities. As such, the Company believes the statutes of limitations for the assessment of additional federal and state tax liabilities are generally closed for tax years prior to 2019.

12 

Table of Contents 

Deferred Tax Assets: As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had deferred tax assets arising primarily from net operating loss carryforwards
 available to offset taxable income in future periods. A valuation allowance remains on the remaining deferred tax asset amounts relating to the NOL carryforwards as management has no basis to conclude that realization is more likely than not.
 The valuation allowance was calculated in accordance with current standards, which places primary importance on a company s cumulative operating results for the current and preceding years. We intend to maintain a valuation allowance for the
 deferred tax asset amount relating to the NOL carryforwards until sufficient positive evidence exists to support a reversal. See Part II - Item 8 - Note 7 to the Company s consolidated financial
 statements . 

New Accounting Pronouncements: There are no new accounting pronouncements that would likely materially affect the Company s financial statements for the
 periods reported herein.

Cautionary Statement for Forward-Looking Information

This Annual Report together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by the Company may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
 as amended (the Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or make oral statements that constitute forward-looking statements. The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered
 by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted or
 quantified. The forward-looking statements may relate to such matters as anticipated financial performance, future revenues or earnings, business prospects, projected ventures, anticipated market performance, anticipated litigation results or the
 timing of pending litigation, and similar matters. When used in this Annual Report, the words estimates, expects, anticipates, believes, plans, intends and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify
 forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Company cautions readers that a variety of factors could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in
 the Company s forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company s control, include, but are not limited to those set forth in Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report and in the
 Company s other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including, but not limited to: (i) risks with regard to the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern; (ii) assumptions regarding the outcome of legal and/or
 tax matters, based in whole or in part upon consultation with outside advisors; (iii) risks arising from unfavorable decisions in tax, legal and/or other proceedings; (iv) transaction volume in the securities markets; (v) the volatility of the
 securities markets; (vi) fluctuations in interest rates; (vii) risks inherent in the real estate business, including, but not limited to, insurance risks, tenant defaults, risks associated with real estate development activities, changes in
 occupancy rates or real estate values; (viii) changes in regulatory requirements which could affect the cost of doing business; (ix) general economic conditions; (x) risks with regard to whether or not the Company s current financial resources
 will be adequate to fund operations over the next twelve months from financial statement issuance date and/or continue operations; (xi) changes in the rate of inflation and the related impact on the securities markets; and (xii) changes in
 federal and state tax laws. A dditionally, there is risk relating to assumptions regarding the outcome of tax matters, based in whole or in part upon consultation with outside advisors; risk relating to
 potential unfavorable decisions in tax proceedings; risks regarding changes in, and/or interpretations of federal and state income tax laws; and risk of IRS and/or state tax authority assessment of additional tax plus interest. These are not the
 only risks that we face. There may be additional risks that we do not presently know of or that we currently believe are immaterial which could also impair our business and financial position.

Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which are applicable only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to
 reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this Annual Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the Company s expectations will be realized.

13 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 688 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

AmBase Corporation and Subsidiaries

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AmBase Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of
 December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations , changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and
 the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results
 of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going
 concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise
 substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
 on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
 accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
 audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
 over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
 financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
 due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
 audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters.

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007, such date takes into account the acquisition of a portion of UHY LLP by
 Marcum LLP in April 2010.

March 28, 2023

14 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated Statements of Operations

(in thousands, except per share data)

Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

Operating expenses:

Compensation and benefits

Professional and outside services

Property operating and maintenance

Insurance

Other operating

Total operating expenses

Operating income (loss)

Interest income

Interest expense

Income (loss) before income taxes

Income tax expense (benefit)

Net income (loss)

Net income (loss) per common share - basic

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

15 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(in thousands, except per share data)

Assets:

December 31,

 2022 

December 31,

 2021 

Cash and cash equivalents

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit):

Liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6)

Stockholders equity(deficit):

Common stock par value, authorized in 2022 and
 authorized in 2021 ,
 issued and 
 outstanding in 2022 and 
 issued and outstanding in 2021 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Treasury stock, at cost 2022 - shares; and 2021 - shares

Total stockholders equity (deficit)

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

16 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021

(in thousands)

Common

 stock

Additional

 paid-in

 capital

Accumulated

 deficit

Treasury

 stock

Total

January 1, 2021

Net income (loss)

December 31, 2021

Net income (loss)

December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

17 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Years Ended December 31,

(in thousands)

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) by operating activities

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Other assets

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Net cash provided (used) by operating activities

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental cash flow disclosure:

Income taxes refunded (paid)

Interest expense paid on accounts payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

18 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

19 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

20 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Company s aggregate initial membership interest 

Other members and Sponsor initial investment

21 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

of the distributions from Investment LLC is subject to the
 Company first receiving distributions equal to of the Company s initial aggregate investment in Investment LLC and the Joint
 Venture, plus any additional investments by the Company, and only with respect to any distributions thereafter. At the current time, the Company has not expensed nor accrued any amounts relating to this subordinated participation interest, as no
 amount or range of amounts can be reasonably estimated or assured.

No other material changes were made to the Amended and Restated Investment Operating Agreement, and neither Mr. R.A. Bianco nor Capital LLC has any voting rights with respect to their interest and
 investment in Investment LLC.

22 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

23 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Employer match 

24 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Authorized shares

Issued shares

Outstanding shares

Authorized shares

Issued shares

Outstanding shares

Common stock repurchased for treasury

Issuance of treasury stock

Common stock outstanding at end of period

Common stock repurchased for treasury

Issuance of treasury stock

Treasury stock held at end of period

25 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Aggregate cost of shares repurchased during the period

Total number of common shares repurchased to date

Total number of shares that may yet be repurchased

right (a Right for each outstanding share of Common Stock of the
 Company on April 17, 2019. In connection with the New Rights Plan, the Company entered into an amended and restated rights agreement with American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent (the New Rights Agreement ).

share of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common
 Stock ), at a price equal to of the then current market value of the Common Stock. The Rights are not exercisable until either a
 person or group of affiliated persons acquires or more of the Company s outstanding Common Stock or upon the commencement or
 disclosure of an intention to commence a tender offer or exchange offer for or more of the Common Stock. The Rights are redeemable
 by the Company at per Right at any time until the earlier of following an accumulation of or more of the Company s shares by a
 single acquirer or group, or the occurrence of certain Triggering Events (as defined in the New Rights Agreement). In addition, the Board of Directors may, at its option and in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time after a Triggering
 Event, mandatorily exchange all or part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights for consideration per Right consisting of of
 the securities that would be issuable at such time upon the exercise of one Right. The Rights Plan also provides certain administrative provisions that require a stockholder to make certain representations regarding its beneficial ownership of
 Company securities upon exercise or exchange of Rights. The Rights are subject to adjustment to prevent dilution and expire on March 27, 2029.

Approximate square feet of leased office space

square feet of office space in Coral Springs, Florida, and approximately square feet of office space in Emerson, NJ.

26 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

State - current

Total current

Federal - deferred

State - deferred

Change in valuation allowance

Total deferred

Income tax expense (benefit)

Tax expense (benefit):

Tax at statutory federal rate

State income taxes

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax expense (benefit)

State income taxes

Change in valuation allowance

Effective income tax rate

27 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

,000, attributable to a provision for a tax on capital imposed by the state jurisdictions.

,000, attributable to a provision for a tax on capital imposed by the state jurisdictions.

million of federal NOL carryforwards
 available to reduce future federal taxable income which if not utilized will begin to expire in and continue to expire at various
 dates thereafter. Additionally, based on the Company s state tax returns as filed and to be filed, the Company estimates that it has approximately 
 million of state NOL carryforwards to reduce future state taxable income which if not utilized will begin to expire in and continue
 to expire at various dates thereafter.

28 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Valuation allowance

Net deferred tax asset recognized

29 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

claims whose dismissal was compelled by a prior decision of the First
 Department, namely, AmBase s claims that Sponsor, Stern, and Maloney breached their fiduciary duties of loyalty; to impose a constructive trust on the insurance loss fund; and to impose a constructive trust on Stern s, Maloney s, JDS s, PMG s, and
 the construction manager s construction management fees and Stern s and Maloney s equity interest in the Project. Finally, the Court dismissed AmBase s current allegations that piercing certain of Defendants corporate veils is warranted. On
 January 18, 2023, the Company filed a notice of appeal appealing the May 9, 2022 Order with regard to all defendants in the Sponsor Action.

counterclaims against the Company s subsidiaries for breach of the Joint Venture Agreement in connection with a proposed refinancing
 of the Project in 2016. Plaintiffs replied to those counterclaims on February 21, 2023. The parties are continuing to discuss discovery scheduling and outstanding disclosures but attempts to meet and confer have thus far failed. A conference with
 the NY Court might be scheduled to further discuss discovery issues.

30 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

31 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

32 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

33 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

to the Company in an amount equal ; and

to the
 Company and (b) to Mr. R.A. Bianco.

34 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its filings with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
 period specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
 disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management has recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
 control objectives, and management is required to apply judgment in evaluating its controls and procedures.

During the fiscal period covered by this report, the Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, carried out an evaluation of the
 effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). Based on that evaluation, our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal
 control over financial reporting is designed, under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts
 and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
 disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

The Company s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This evaluation was based on the framework in Internal
 Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be
 effective can provide only reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.

Based on management s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), management concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by
 the Company s independent public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
 control over financial reporting.

35 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION

On March 24, 2023, after over ten years of exemplary service, Mr. Kenneth M. Schmidt formally informed AmBase Corporation (the Company that he would not stand for
 re-election to the Company s Board of Directors (the Board at the end of his current term in June 2023. Mr. Schmidt has served on the Company s Board since March 2013, and serves as the Chairman of the Company s Personnel Committee and as a
 member of the Company s Accounting and Audit Committee. There are no disagreements between Mr. Schmidt and the Company.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS.

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information concerning executive officers and directors required by this item will be set forth in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 1, 2023, which is
 incorporated herein by reference, which the Company intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of its 2022 fiscal year.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other senior officers. A copy of the Code of Ethics was filed with the SEC as Exhibit 14 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003.

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

For the information required to be set forth by the Company in response to this item, see the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 1, 2023, under the captions
 Executive Compensation, Employment Contracts, and Compensation of Directors which are incorporated herein by reference, which the Company intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of its
 2022 fiscal year.

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

For other information required to be set forth by the Company in response to this item, see the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 1, 2023, under the caption
 Stock Ownership , which is incorporated herein by reference, which the Company intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of its 2022 fiscal year.

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

For the information required to be set forth by the Company in response to this item, see the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 1, 2023, under the captions
 Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors and Information Concerning the Board and its Committees, which are incorporated herein by reference, which the Company intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days
 after the end of its 2022 fiscal year.

36 

Table of Contents 

AMBASE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information concerning Principal Accounting Fees and Services is set forth by the Company under the heading Proposal 2 - Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , Independent Registered Public Accountant
 Matters, in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 1, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference, which the Company intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission not
 later than 120 days after the end of its 2022 fiscal year.

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)

Documents filed as a part of this report:

1. Index to Financial Statements:

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688) 

14

Consolidated Statements of Operations

15

Consolidated Balance Sheets

16

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit)

17

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

18

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

19

(b)

Exhibits:

3.1 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AmBase Corporation (as amended and restated July 15, 2017), (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2017).

3.2 

By-Laws of AmBase Corporation (as amended through March 15, 1996), (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017).

4.1 

Amended Restated Rights Agreement dated as of March 27, 2019, between the Company and American Stock Transfer and Trust Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form
 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018).

4.2 

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2019).

10.1 

Employment Agreement dated as of March 30, 2006, between Richard A. Bianco and the Company, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10H to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2005).

10.2 

Amendment to Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 2008, between Richard A. Bianco and the Company, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10E to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2007).

10.3 

Amendment to Employment Agreement between Richard A. Bianco and the Company extending term of employment to May 31, 2023, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2017).

10.4 

Amendment to Employment Agreement between Richard A. Bianco and the Company extending term of employment to May 31, 2028, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 Company s Current report on Form 8-K filed
 January 20, 2023).

10.5 

111 West 57 th Partners LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement. Dated as of June 28, 2013, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to Amendment no. 1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013).

10.6 

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 111 West 57 th Investment, LLC dated December 19, 2014
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014).

10.7 

Agreement between Mr. Richard A. Bianco, the Company s Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer Mr. R.A. Bianco and the Company for Mr. R.A. Bianco to provide to the Company a financial commitment in
 the form of a line of credit up to ten million dollars 10,000,000) or additional amount(s) as may be necessary and agreed to enable AmBase to contribute capital to the 111 West 57th Property (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ending December 31, 2016).

10.8 

Amendment dated May 20, 2019, to the September 2017 Litigation Funding Agreement, between Mr. R.A. Bianco and the Company, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current report on Form 8-K
 filed May 21, 2019).

10.9 

Senior Promissory Note between Richard A. Bianco, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer Mr. R.A. Bianco and the Company, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2023).

10.10 

 August 31, 2012, Supervisory Goodwill Settlement Agreement (originally filed as Exhibit 99 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2012, and
 incorporated by reference herein). 

37 

Table of Contents 

14 

AmBase Corporation - Code of Ethics as adopted by Board of Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003).

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14.

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14.

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.

101.1 

The following financial statements from AmBase Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statement of Operations; (ii) Consolidated
 Balance Sheets; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow: and (iv) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Exhibits, except as otherwise indicated above, are filed herewith.

filed herewith.

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

38 

Table of Contents 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

AMBASE CORPORATION

/s/RICHARD A. BIANCO 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive 

Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 28, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities on the dates indicated. 

/s/RICHARD A. BIANCO 

 /s/JOHN FERRARA 

Chairman, President, 

 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Controller 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 28, 2023 

 Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ALESSANDRA F. BIANCO 

 /s/RICHARD A. BIANCO, JR. 

Director 

 Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 

 Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/JERRY Y. CARNEGIE 

 /s/SCOTT M. SALANT, ESQ. 

Director 

 Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 

 Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/KENNETH M. SCHMIDT 

Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 

39 

Table of Contents 

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Board of Directors 

Richard A. Bianco 

Alessandra F. Bianco 

Richard A. Bianco, Jr. 

Jerry Y. Carnegie 

Scott M. Salant, Esq 

Chairman, President and

 Chief Executive Officer

 AmBase Corporation

Senior Officer

 BARC Investments, LLC

Employee AmBase Corporation Officer

 BARC Investments, LLC

Private Investor

Private Investor

.

Kenneth M. Schmidt

 Private Investor

AmBase Officers 

Richard A. Bianco 

John Ferrara 

Joseph R. Bianco 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Vice President,

 Chief Financial Officer and Controller

Treasurer

INVESTOR INFORMATION

Annual Meeting of Stockholders 

The 2023 Annual Meeting is currently scheduled to be held at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time, on Thursday, June 1, 2023, at:

Hyatt Regency Hotel

 1800 East Putnam Avenue

 Greenwich, CT 06870

Corporate Headquarters 

AmBase Corporation

 7857 West Sample Road, Suite 134

 Coral Springs, FL 33065

 (201) 265-0169

Common Stock Trading 

AmBase stock is traded through one or more market-makers with quotations made available on the over-the-counter market.

Issue: Common Stock

 Abbreviation: AmBase

 Ticker Symbol: ABCP.OB

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC

 6201 15 th Avenue

 Brooklyn, NY 11219

 Attention: Shareholder Services

 (800) 937-5449 or (718) 921-8200 Ext. 6820

Stockholder Inquiries 

Stockholder inquiries, including requests for the following: (i) change of address; (ii) replacement of lost stock certificates; (iii) Common Stock name registration changes; (iv) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; (v) Annual Reports on Form
 10-K; (vi) proxy material; and (vii) information regarding stockholdings, should be directed to:

American Stock Transfer Trust Co. LLC

 6201 15 th Ave.

 Brooklyn, NY 11219

 Attention: Shareholder Services

 (800) 937-5449 or (718) 921-8200 Ext. 6820

In addition, the Company s public reports, including Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Proxy Statements, can be obtained through the Securities and Exchange Commission EDGAR Database over the World Wide Web at
 www.sec.gov.

Independent Registered Public Accountants 

Marcum LLP

 185 Asylum Street

 City Place I, 25 th Floor

 Hartford, CT 06103

Number of Stockholders 

As of February 28, 2023, there were,

 approximately 6,000 stockholders.

40 

<EX-21>
 2
 brhc10050018_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21 

AMBASE CORPORATION

 SUBSIDIARY LISTING

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022

Name

Jurisdiction

 in Which Organized

Percentage Voting

 Securities Owned 

 By Immediate 

 Parent

AmBase Corporation

Delaware

N/A

111 West 57 th Investment LLC

Delaware

100 

Note: Interrelationships shown by indentation with 100 ownership unless otherwise indicated.

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10050018_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY

 ACT OF 2002

 I, Richard A. Bianco, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AmBase Corporation;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
 the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
 in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
 registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting.

/s/ Richard A. Bianco

Richard A. Bianco

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

March 28, 2023

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10050018_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY

 ACT OF 2002

I, John Ferrara, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AmBase Corporation;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial
 reporting.

/s/ John Ferrara

John Ferrara

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Controller

March 28, 2023

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10050018_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report of AmBase Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard A. Bianco, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ Richard A. Bianco

Richard A. Bianco

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

AmBase Corporation

March 28, 2023

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10050018_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report of AmBase Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John Ferrara, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ John Ferrara

John Ferrara

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

March 28, 2023

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 abcp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 abcp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 abcp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 abcp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 abcp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

