<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1833498_0001140361-23-015385.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5407242</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>400786</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>940695</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1421641</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1372012</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1049338</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-015385.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163534
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-015385
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001833498
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40058
		FILM NUMBER:		23788459

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		767 FIFTH AVENUE, 34TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10153
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 492-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		767 FIFTH AVENUE, 34TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10153

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-015385.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 brhc10050434_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

Or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
 1934

For the transition period from to

To

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Zip Code)

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on 

 which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
 that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
 accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
 Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
 issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the
 relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s Class A common stock outstanding held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrants most recently completed
 second fiscal quarter) was approximately .

As of March 30, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, per share, issued and outstanding.

Table of Contents 

ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Part I.

Item 1.

Business 

2 

Item 1.A.

Risk Factors. 

8 

Item 1.B.

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

44

Item 2.

Properties 

44

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

44

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

44

Part II.

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

45

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

46

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

47

Item 7.A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

51

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

51

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

72

Item 9.A.

Controls and Procedures. 

72

Item 9.B.

Other Information. 

73

Item 9.C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 

73

Part III.

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

74

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

82

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

82

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

83

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

85

Part IV.

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

86

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary. 

86

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking
 statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, will, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no
 assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
 results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors:

our being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues;

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial Business Combination;

our directors and officers allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to maintain listing on the Nasdaq;

our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a
 significant outbreak of other infectious diseases);

the ability of our directors and officers to generate potential Business Combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance;

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties;

our financial performance; and

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
 statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

1 

Table of Contents 

PART I.

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report to we, us, our or the Company are to Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I, a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware
 corporation. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Rosecliff Acquisition Sponsor I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our
 initial stockholders refer to our Sponsor and each of our independent directors.

Item 1. 

Business .

Item 1. 

Overview

Our management team believes that recent years have brought a wide range of technical breakthroughs that have fundamentally shifted the frontiers of possibility in the ways we live and work. Innovations as diverse
 as cloud and mobile computing, artificial intelligence, machine learning and cybersecurity, catalyzed by corresponding hardware innovations, have unlocked accelerated cycles of change, radically impacting industries and business models globally.
 We believe that the transformative effects of these innovations have reshaped both large and small industries across the world. We also believe that because of the impact of COVID-19, there are attractive businesses that may have additional
 capital needs over the next few years, which could further increase the pipeline of potential opportunities.

Our objective is to generate attractive returns for stockholders by actively supporting the next-generation of exceptional public companies. We expect to target companies with certain industry and business
 characteristics, including long term growth prospects, strong management team, high barriers to entry, opportunities for consolidation, strong recurring revenues, sustainable operating margins and attractive free cash flow characteristics.

We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on November 17, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
 Business Combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We are not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. Our Sponsor is Rosecliff Acquisition Sponsor I LLC, a
 Delaware limited liability company.

Our registration statement for our Initial Public Offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 11, 2021. On February 17, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 25,300,000
 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 3,300,000 Units, at 10.00 per
 Unit, generating gross proceeds of 253,000,000, and incurring transaction costs of approximately 14,373,127, including approximately 8,855,000 in deferred underwriting fees.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 4,706,667 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of
 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement (the Private Placement to the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of 7,060,000.

Following the closing of our Initial Public Offering on February 17, 2021, an amount of 253,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of
 the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and will be invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
 Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier
 of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below

Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net
 proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. We must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets that together have a fair market value equal to
 at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). We will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns
 or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
 Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).

2 

Table of Contents 

We intend to effectuate a Business Combination using the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, and from additional issuances of, if any, our capital stock and our debt, or
 a combination of cash, stock and debt. We have not engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we complete a Business Combination, and we have not generated any operating revenue to date. All activity for the period from November
 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 related to our formation and Initial Public Offering, subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues
 until after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. Based on our business activities, we
 are a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash.

We will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business
 Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a
 tender offer will be made by us. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially 10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the
 Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to our warrants. The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will
 not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we pay to the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering.

We will have until February 17, 2024 to complete a Business Combination (the Expiration Date ), which was extended from February 17, 2023 by one year at a special meeting of stockholders on
 December 21, 2022. If we have not completed a Business Combination by the Expiration Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
 thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay
 taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
 further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to
 our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we
 fail to complete a Business Combination by the Expiration Date.

Termination of the Previously Announced Business Combination Agreement

On March 11, 2022, the Company, GT Gettaxi Listco, GT Gettaxi Limited, GT Gettaxi SPV, GT Merger Sub 1, Gett Merger Sub, Inc., and Dooboo Holding Limited, and Merger Sub entered into a Termination
 of the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the Business Combination Agreement, effective immediately. As per the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 11, 2021,
 the Company requested that the target s management undertake a thorough analysis of its financial projections. Following the conclusion of that process, and extensive mutual efforts to negotiate an appropriate valuation adjustment, both parties
 agreed to terminate the Business Combination Agreement.

As a result of the termination of the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement is of no further force and effect, and certain transaction agreements entered into in
 connection with the Business Combination Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2021, and to be effective as of the closing of the Business Combination, by and among the Company, a
 Delaware limited liability company, and certain holders, will either be terminated or no longer be effective, as applicable, in accordance with their respective terms.

3 

Table of Contents 

The Company intends to continue to pursue the consummation of a Business Combination with an appropriate target.

Effecting a Business Combination

Our Business Strategy

We are focused on creating sustainable long-term value for our stockholders by identifying potential opportunities that can generate outsized returns. We believe our exceptional network and deep ties across the
 technology ecosystem will create a competitive advantage in sourcing attractive opportunities. We plan to identify and complete our initial Business Combination with a technology company that complements the experience of our management team and
 can benefit from its operational expertise and deal sourcing network. We have identified the following general criteria that we believe are important in evaluating prospective partner businesses for our initial Business Combination. We intend to
 use the following criteria in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a partner business that does not meet these criteria:

Focus : We intend to seek companies in the technology industry. We have an accomplished track record of investing in this industry and expect to focus on businesses that engage with technology to serve
 customers in a novel and transformational manner. We believe our management team s expertise and understanding of innovative businesses will be paramount in identifying and assessing an initial Business Combination candidate.

People driven : Serial entrepreneurs, visionary leaders and trusted partners - we intend to seek management teams with whom we would be proud to partner for the next decade or more and who we believe have
 the vision, energy and execution capability to deliver on our high expectations for growth and franchise value. This is the standard against which Rosecliff Ventures Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its
 affiliated entities, excluding our Company and Sponsor Rosecliff Ventures ), measures all of the management teams with whom it partners, whether they are running public or private companies.

Growth : We intend to invest in businesses that are on, or have the potential to be on, what we believe to be a promising growth path. We believe that these businesses, in particular, will benefit from
 access to incremental capital and over the long term, will benefit from consistent access to public markets. We will seek businesses that we believe have a sustainable competitive advantage and will support and sustain our expectations of
 their growth.

Significant addressable market relative to current company size : We intend to seek companies that we believe have a clear runway for sustained growth in their existing core businesses, well beyond our
 expected investment horizon.

Sustainable competitive differentiation : We believe that identifying and deeply dissecting the moat around a company is the most critical element of understanding that company, as true differentiation
 can provide years of durable, compounding growth and expanding margins.

Economic model : Ultimately, a business must have the ability to generate high levels of cashflow over time, even if it chooses to use that cash to reinvest for the future. We expect to spend significant
 time evaluating a company s financial model and unit economics to seek to discern the trajectory of its margin profile in the coming years. We will seek to acquire a business that has historically generated, or that we believe has the
 near-term potential to generate, strong and sustainable free cash flow.

Appropriate valuations : We are rigorous, disciplined, and valuation-centric investors, with a keen understanding of market value, upside and potential downside risks.

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria as well as other
 considerations and factors that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria, we will disclose that the target
 business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial Business Combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we would file with
 the SEC. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers,
 inspections of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us.

4 

Table of Contents 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of
 shared ownership with our Sponsor, directors or officers.

Each of the members of our Sponsor, our directors and officers will, directly or indirectly, own Founder Shares and/or Private Placement Warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining
 whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business
 Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination.

Past experience or performance of Rosecliff Ventures, or any of its funds, investments or portfolio companies, or our Sponsor, directors or management team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of
 either (1) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (2) success with respect to any Business Combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of Rosecliff Ventures, or any of its funds,
 investments or portfolio companies, or our Sponsor, directors or management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of future performance. See Risk Factors - Past performance by Rosecliff Ventures, or any of its funds, investments or
 portfolio companies, or our Sponsor, directors or management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be
 required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to
 which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity.
 If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any Business Combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a
 director or officer of the Company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis.

In addition, our officers or directors may be investors, or have other direct or indirect interests, in a business with which we may enter into a Business Combination agreement and/or in certain funds or other
 persons that purchased shares in our Initial Public Offering or that may otherwise purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the public market.

Our officers, directors and any of their respective affiliates may sponsor or form, or, in the case of individuals, serve as a director or officer of, other blank check companies similar to ours during the period
 in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our
 ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

Rosecliff Ventures may become aware of a potential Business Combination opportunity that may be an attractive opportunity for our Company. However, Rosecliff Ventures is not under any obligation to source any
 potential opportunities for our initial Business Combination or refer any such opportunities to our Company or provide any other services to our Company. Rosecliff Ventures role with respect to our Company is expected to be primarily passive
 and advisory in nature. Rosecliff Ventures may have fiduciary and/or contractual duties to its investment vehicles and to companies in which Rosecliff Ventures has invested. As a result, Rosecliff Ventures may have a duty to offer Business
 Combination opportunities to certain Rosecliff Ventures funds, other investment vehicles or other entities before other parties, including our Company. Additionally, certain companies in which Rosecliff Ventures has invested may enter into
 transactions with, provide goods or services to, or receive goods or services from an entity with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination. Transactions of these types may present a conflict of interest because Rosecliff
 Ventures may directly or indirectly receive a financial benefit as a result of such transaction.

5 

Table of Contents 

We believe that any such potential conflicts of interest of Rosecliff Ventures and our officers and directors will be naturally mitigated by the differing nature of targets that Rosecliff Ventures typically considers
 most attractive for its venture capital activities and the types of initial Business Combination opportunities that we expect to be most attractive for our Company.

Our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities,
 including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. See Risk Factors - Certain of our directors and officers are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in
 business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Initial Business Combination

Nasdaq listing rules require that our initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account
 (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). We refer to this as the 80 fair market value test. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries
 in conjunction with our initial Business Combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case.

We anticipate structuring our initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our Public Stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests or
 assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet
 certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting
 securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns
 or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target
 and us in our initial Business Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity
 securities of a target business or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a
 result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business
 Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be
 valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If our initial Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test.

6 

Table of Contents 

Competition

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other
 blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and
 effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do
 and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for Business Combination targets has increased compared to recent years
 and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing Business Combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net
 proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
 This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash
 for our shares of Class A common stock, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business
 Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
 Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Human Capital Management

We currently have three officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any
 specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any
 time period will vary based on the status of the proposed Business Combination and, if the proposed Business Combination, is not consummated whether a different target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and the
 current stage of the Business Combination process.

7 

Table of Contents 

Item 1.A. 

Risk Factors.

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our
 financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the
 trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we
 currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination

Our Public Stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination even
 though a majority of our Public Stockholders do not support such a combination.

We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial Business Combination unless the Business Combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange rules or if we decide to hold
 a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, Nasdaq listing rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting, but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to
 issue more than 20 of our then issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any Business Combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and
 outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such Business Combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business
 Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
 transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock do not approve of the Business
 Combination we consummate.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our initial stockholders, directors and officers have agreed to vote in favor of such
 initial Business Combination, regardless of how our Public Stockholders vote.

Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial stockholders agree to vote their Founder Shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the Public Stockholders in
 connection with an initial Business Combination, our initial stockholders, directors and officers have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their Founder
 Shares and any Public Shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. Our initial stockholders own shares representing approximately 91.32 (as of December 31, 2022) of our outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, if we
 seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares in accordance with
 the majority of the votes cast by our Public Stockholders.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your
 shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of such Business Combination.

Since our board of directors may complete a Business Combination without seeking stockholder approval, Public Stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination,
 unless we seek such stockholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights
 within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our Public Stockholders in which we describe our initial Business Combination.

8 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our Public Stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets,
 which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a Business Combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If
 too many Public Stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions
 payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a Business Combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial Business
 Combination. If we are able to consummate an initial Business Combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Our amended
 and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a limitation that the Company may not redeem public shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule
 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of less than 5,000,001 (the Redemption Limitation in order to allow us to redeem shares of Class A common stock irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the
 Redemption Limitation. It s possible we will not be able to complete the initial Business Combination unless we are able to obtain a sufficient amount of equity financing to meet the net tangible asset test. There can be no assurance that we will
 be able to do so. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us.

The ability of our Public Stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most
 desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial Business Combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need to structure the transaction
 based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to
 have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption
 than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity
 issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.

The ability of our Public Stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial Business
 Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability
 that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need
 of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss
 on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

9 

Table of Contents 

The requirement that we complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in
 negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete
 our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date. Consequently, such
 target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business
 Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial Business Combination on
 terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. In July 2021, the SEC charged a special purpose acquisition company for misleading disclosures, which could have been corrected with more adequate due diligence, and
 obtained substantial relief against the special purpose acquisition company and its Sponsor. Although we will invest in due diligence efforts and commit management time and resources to such efforts, there can be no assurance that our due
 diligence will unveil all potential issues with a target business and that we or our Sponsor will not become subject to regulatory actions related to such efforts.

We may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
 up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our Public Stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our
 initial Business Combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the equity and debt markets and the other risks described
 herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For example, the effects of the coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 continues both in the U.S. and globally
 and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market
 liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities or a significant outbreak of other
 infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. It may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities
 and cross-border transactions.

If we have not completed our initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date or during any extension period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably
 possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to
 pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including
 the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
 subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our Public Stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share,
 on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by
 stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein.

Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected
 by the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other events such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global or regional hostilities or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases, and the state of debt and equity markets.

Events such as the COVID-19 pandemic have affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global or regional hostilities or a significant outbreak of
 other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business
 Combination with could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if concerns relating to these events restrict travel or limit the ability to have meetings
 with potential investors, or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which these events impact our search for a Business
 Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning these events. If the disruptions posed by these events continue for a prolonged period of
 time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing. Any ability to raise financing
 will be dependent on the state of the equity and debt markets at the time, which may be impacted by the events described above as well as by market volatility. In the event of continued or increased market volatility and/or decreased market
 liquidity, third-party financing may be unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

Finally, events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may also have
 the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions.

10 

Table of Contents 

Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely
 affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist
 legislation in our target markets.

United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion,
 the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions
 against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the
 United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting
 measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global
 economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as
 well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above-mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions,
 could adversely affect our search for a Business Combination and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related
 market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any
 such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate
 a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected.

In addition, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares
 or warrants from Public Stockholders or warrant holders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public float of our securities.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase Public Shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business Combination.

11 

Table of Contents 

Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial Business Combination. Additionally, at any
 time at or prior to our initial Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material non-public information), our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter
 into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire Public Shares, vote their Public Shares in favor of our initial Business Combination or not redeem their Public Shares. However, our Sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates are under no obligation or duty to do so and they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any
 such transactions. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of our initial Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination or to satisfy a
 closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The
 purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial Business
 Combination. This may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
 listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with
 the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder
 fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will
 furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem Public Shares. For example, we may require our
 Public Stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
 or proxy materials documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial Business Combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to
 the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.

You are not entitled to certain protections afforded to investors of some other blank check companies.

We are exempt from certain rules promulgated by the SEC related to certain blank check companies, including Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those
 rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable and that we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial Business Combination than those companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public
 Offering had been subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion
 of an initial Business Combination.

12 

Table of Contents 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
 are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated
 certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
 Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be
 restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our
 initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
 complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a
 loss.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial Business
 Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their
 shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check
 companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
 directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our
 financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for Business Combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many
 of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing Business Combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds
 of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This
 inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash for
 our shares of Class A common stock, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business
 Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
 Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00
 per share and other risk factors herein.

Due to the number of special purpose acquisition companies, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial Business Combination.
 This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial Business Combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial Business Combination and/or complete our initial Business Combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into Business Combinations with special purpose acquisition
 companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial Business Combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As a result, at times,
 fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for an initial Business Combination and/or complete our initial Business Combination.

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive
 fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
 tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable
 target for and/or complete our initial Business Combination.

13 

Table of Contents 

If the funds not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Expiration Date, we may be unable to complete our
 initial Business Combination.

The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least the Expiration Date, assuming that our initial Business Combination is not
 completed during that time. We have incurred, and expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through potential loans from certain of our affiliates are discussed in Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the
 future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such
 time.

Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down
 payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target
 businesses) with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we enter into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a
 target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If
 we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our
 warrants will expire worthless. Please see - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and
 other risk factors herein.

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an
 initial Business Combination.

Recently, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes
 for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. In order
 to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any
 failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-Business Combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.

In addition, after completion of any initial Business Combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial
 Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-Business Combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off
 insurance would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors.

14 

Table of Contents 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
 may be less than 10.00 per share.

Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
 registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for
 the benefit of our Public Stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent
 inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held
 in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement
 with a third-party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
 by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such
 entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our
 Public Shares, if we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment
 of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by Public Stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per Public Share
 initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors.

Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a
 prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) 10.00 per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust
 Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third-party who executed a waiver of
 any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in
 the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor has
 sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. Our Sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our Sponsor to
 reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial Business
 Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per Public Share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any
 redemption of your Public Shares. None of our directors or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

We deposit substantial funds in financial institutions and may, from time to time, maintain cash balances at such financial institutions in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. In recent
 weeks, there has been significant volatility and instability among banks and financial institutions. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which
 appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver, and for a period of time, customers of the bank did not have access to their funds and there was uncertainty as to when, if at all, customers would have access to
 funds in excess of the FDIC insured amounts. Although we did not maintain any funds at SVB, should one or more of the financial institutions at which deposits are maintained fail, there is no guarantee as to the extent that we would recover the
 funds deposited, whether through Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage or otherwise, or the timing of any recovery.

15 

Table of Contents 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account
 available for distribution to our Public Stockholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (1) 10.00 per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the
 liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no
 indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
 directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular
 instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our Public Stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share.

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held
 in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by Public Stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
 Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative
 interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar
 policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our Public Stockholders are entitled to receive their
 pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could
 reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by Public Stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Negative interest rates could also reduce the amount of funds we have available to complete
 our initial Business Combination.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Stockholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up
 or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
 exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Stockholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against
 us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a liquidator could seek to
 recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying Public Stockholders from the Trust
 Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Stockholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up
 or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in
 connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Stockholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against
 us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our
 stockholders. To the extent any liquidation claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our Public Stockholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced.

16 

Table of Contents 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
 activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities;

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination.

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:

registration as an investment company with the SEC;

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to.

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government treasury bills
 with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these
 instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional
 regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period,
 our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely
 affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements, our Business Combination may be
 contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and any post-Business Combination company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be
 difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, including as a result of changes in economic, political, social and government policies, and those
 changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or
 regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations.

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies and
 private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when
 projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which special purpose
 acquisition companies could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate
 and complete our initial Business Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto.

17 

Table of Contents 

If we have not completed our initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date or during any extension period, our Public Stockholders may be forced to wait
 beyond the Expiration Date before redemption from our Trust Account.

If we have not completed our initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date or during any extension period, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
 including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our Public Stockholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of
 winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of Public Stockholders from the Trust Account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to any voluntary
 winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our Public Stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution are subject in each
 case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the Expiration Date before the redemption proceeds of our Trust
 Account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior
 thereto, we consummate our initial Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and then only in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their shares of Class A common
 stock. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will Public Stockholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period and do not amend certain provisions of our amended
 and restated certificate of incorporation prior thereto.

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a
 dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our Public Stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period may be
 considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day
 notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions
 are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the
 stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.

However, it is our intention to redeem our Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 30 th month from the closing of
 the Initial Public Offering (or the end of any extension period) in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures.

Because we do not intend to comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims
 or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the ten years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for
 prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, consultants, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section
 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the
 stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable
 for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to
 our Public Stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such
 redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the
 case of a liquidating distribution.

18 

Table of Contents 

We may not hold an annual stockholder meeting until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Our Public Stockholders will not have the right
 to elect or remove directors prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination.

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. We may not
 hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial Business Combination and thus may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes of
 electing directors in accordance with a company s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of our initial Business
 Combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Until we hold an annual meeting of stockholders, Public Stockholders may not be
 afforded the opportunity to discuss Company affairs with management. In addition, prior to our initial Business Combination, (a) as holders of our Class A common stock, our Public Stockholders will not have the right to vote on the election of
 our directors, and (b) holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock may remove a member of our board of directors for any reason.

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business
 Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with the Initial Public Offering, at or after the time of our initial Business Combination, our initial stockholders and their permitted
 transferees can demand that we register the resale of their Founder Shares after those shares convert to shares of our Class A common stock. In addition, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the
 Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale
 of such warrants or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the
 public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the
 stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the shares
 of common stock owned by our initial stockholders or their permitted transferees, our Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued in connection with working capital loans are registered for resale.

Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or geography or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial Business
 Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

We may seek to complete a Business Combination with an operating company of any size (subject to our satisfaction of the 80 fair market value test) and in any industry, sector or geography. However, we will not,
 under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial
 Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
 we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or development stage entity. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we
 cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no
 ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to our investors than a direct
 investment, if such opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. Accordingly, any stockholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a stockholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial Business Combination could
 suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

19 

Table of Contents 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in acquisition targets that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise.

We will consider a Business Combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if such Business Combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition
 opportunity for our Company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and our management s
 expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition.
 Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are
 unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our
 initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our
 general criteria and guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination will not have
 all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that
 does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their
 redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is
 required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination if
 the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less
 in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or
 earnings.

To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by
 numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense
 competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the
 significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
 impact a target business.

20 

Table of Contents 

We may engage the underwriters from our Initial Public Offering or any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us. The underwriters are entitled
 to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial Business Combination. These financial incentives may cause the underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such
 additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering.

We may engage the underwriters from our Initial Public Offering or any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory
 services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriters or any of their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s
 length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial Business Combination. The fact that the underwriters or any of their affiliates financial interests are
 tied to the consummation of a Business Combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and
 consummation of an initial Business Combination.

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm regarding fairness. Consequently,
 you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our Company from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion that the price we are paying is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. If no
 opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our
 tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination.

Any due diligence in connection with an initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant considerations or liabilities of a target business, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

The due diligence undertaken with respect to a potential initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant facts that may be necessary to evaluate such transaction or to formulate a business strategy.
 Furthermore, the information provided during due diligence may not be adequate or accurate. As part of the due diligence process, we will also make subjective judgments regarding the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of a
 potential initial Business Combination, and these judgments may be inaccurate.

Due diligence conducted in connection with an initial Business Combination may not result in the initial Business Combination being successful. If the due diligence investigation fails to identify material
 information regarding an opportunity, or if we consider such material risks to be commercially acceptable relative to the opportunity, and we proceed with an initial Business Combination, our company may subsequently incur substantial impairment
 charges or other losses. In addition, following an initial Business Combination, we may be subject to significant, previously undisclosed liabilities of the acquired business that were not identified during due diligence and which could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan
 after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result
 of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 80,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 458,716 and 6,325,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A and Class B common stock, respectively,
 available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not upon conversion of the Class B common stock. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of our
 Class A common stock, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preferred shares issued and outstanding.

We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock, and may issue shares of preferred stock, in order to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan
 after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business
 Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial
 Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the Trust Account or (2) vote pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation on any
 initial Business Combination or any amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock:

21 

Table of Contents 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of public investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of shares of Class A
 common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock;

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and
 could result in the resignation or removal of our present directors and officers;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A common stock and/or warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on
 stockholders or warrant holders.

We may effect a Business Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction.
 Such transactions may result in tax liability for a stockholder or warrant holder in the jurisdiction in which the stockholder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which
 the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to pay such taxes. Stockholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of
 us after the reincorporation.

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and
 acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain
 circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
 substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely
 would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
 result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required
 time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

22 

Table of Contents 

We may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor,
 directors or officers which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, directors and officers with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, directors and officers. Certain
 of our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with
 us for Business Combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our
 criteria and guidelines for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement that we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will
 obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, regarding the fairness to our Company from a
 financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be
 as advantageous to our Public Stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise
 in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our initial Business Combination.

Our initial stockholders hold 6,325,000 Founder Shares as of the date of this Annual Report, including 6,195,000 held by our Sponsor. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business
 Combination.

In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,706,667 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock, for a purchase price of 7,060,000 in the aggregate or 1.50 per
 warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a Business Combination. Each Private Placement Warrant may be exercised for one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

The Founder Shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units except that: (1) prior to our initial Business Combination, only holders of our Class B common stock have the right to vote
 on the election of directors and holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock may remove a member of our board of directors for any reason; (2) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions contained
 in a letter agreement that our initial stockholders, directors and officers have entered into with us; (3) pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial stockholders, directors and officers have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights
 with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by
 them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to
 redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (iii)
 their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date or during any extension period (although they will be
 entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the Founder Shares will automatically
 convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described
 herein; and (5) the Founder Shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial Business Combination to our Public Stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree),
 pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of our initial Business Combination. While we do
 not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to or waiver of the letter agreement or registration rights agreement prior to our initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its
 business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to or waivers of such agreements in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Any such amendments or waivers would not
 require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

The personal and financial interests of our Sponsor, directors and officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination, completing an initial Business Combination and
 influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline for completing our initial Business Combination nears.

23 

Table of Contents 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage
 and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us.

We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial Business Combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title,
 interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety
 of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios
 or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures,
 acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt.

The value of the Founder Shares following completion of our initial Business Combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for
 them, even if the trading price of our shares of common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share.

Our Sponsor has invested in us an aggregate of 7,085,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the Founder Shares and the 7,060,000 purchase price for the Private Placement Warrants. Assuming a trading price
 of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, the 6,325,000 Founder Shares would have an aggregate implied value of 63,250,000. Even if the trading price of our shares of common stock were as low as 1.12 per
 share, and the Private Placement Warrants were worthless, the value of the Founder Shares would be equal to the Sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our Sponsor is likely to be able to make a substantial profit on its investment in
 us at a time when our Public Shares have lost significant value and our warrants are worthless. Accordingly, our management team, some of whom own interests in our Sponsor, may be more willing to pursue a business combination with a riskier or
 less-established target business than would be the case if our Sponsor had paid the same per share price for the Founder Shares as our Public Stockholders paid for their Public Shares. Alternatively, it is possible that to complete our initial
 Business Combination, the Sponsor may need to forfeit a significant portion of the Founder Shares, which would decrease the overall profit the Sponsor would make on its investment.

24 

Table of Contents 

We may be able to complete only one Business Combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which
 will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

We may effectuate our initial Business Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial
 Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
 operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to
 numerous financial, economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources
 to complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous financial, economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may
 operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial
 Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
 closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
 additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
 products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business
 Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could
 be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a Business
 Combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial
 majority of our Public Stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business
 Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash
 consideration we would be required to pay for all Public Shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount
 of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate
 Business Combination (including, potentially, with the same target).

25 

Table of Contents 

In order to effectuate an initial Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified
 governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will
 make it easier for us to complete our initial Business Combination that some of our stockholders or warrant holders may not support.

In order to effectuate an initial Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements.
 For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of Business Combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial Business Combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant
 agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments, including the warrant agreement, or extend the time to consummate an
 initial Business Combination in order to effectuate our initial Business Combination. To the extent any such amendment would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through our registration statement, we
 would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.

Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity (and corresponding provisions
 of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check
 companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial Business Combination that some of our stockholders may not support.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions (other than amendments relating to the election or removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination, which
 require the approval by holders of a majority of at least 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting) related to pre-Business Combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds
 of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances and to provide redemption rights to Public Stockholders as described herein) may
 be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our issued and outstanding common stock, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at
 least 65 of our issued and outstanding common stock. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the
 issued and outstanding shares of our common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders, and, prior to our initial Business Combination, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the issued
 and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock is required to approve the election or removal of directors. We may not issue additional securities that can vote pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation on any
 initial Business Combination or any amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our initial stockholders, who beneficially own 20 of our then issued and outstanding shares of common stock, may participate in any vote
 to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation which will govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial Business Combination with which you do not agree.

26 

Table of Contents 

Our initial stockholders have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our
 obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date or (B) with respect to any other provision
 relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless we provide our Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares. These agreements
 are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our Sponsor, directors and officers. Our Public Stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, this agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to
 pursue remedies against our Sponsor, directors or officers for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our Public Stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which
 could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination.

If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants available to us prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial Business Combination, the
 depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or the terms of
 negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be
 available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that
 particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate.

In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure
 additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our directors, officers or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our
 initial Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
 liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless.

Our initial stockholders will control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial Business Combination and will hold a substantial
 interest in us. As a result, they will elect all of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.

Our initial stockholders own 20 of our then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to elect all of
 our directors and may remove members of our board of directors for any reason. Holders of our Public Shares will have no right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation may only be amended by holders of a majority of at least 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the election of directors prior
 to our initial Business Combination.

In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our Company, our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
 not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of Class A common stock in the open market or in
 privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will exert significant influence over actions requiring a stockholder vote at least until the completion of our
 initial Business Combination.

27 

Table of Contents 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination.

Unlike some blank check companies, if

we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective
 issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its
 affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ),

the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the
 completion of our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and

the volume weighted average trading price of our shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial Business
 Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets;

then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 and 10.00 per share redemption trigger prices applicable to
 our warrants and our Class A common stock will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 and 100 , respectively, of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price
 applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target
 business.

Our warrants and Founder Shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial
 Business Combination.

We have issued warrants to purchase 8,433,333 shares of Class A common stock, at a price of 11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment), as part of the Units and, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
 Public Offering, we issued in a Private Placement an aggregate of 4,706,667 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Our initial stockholders
 currently hold 6,325,000 shares of Class B common stock. The shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor, an
 affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be
 identical to the Private Placement Warrants. To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon
 exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of
 the Class A common stock issued to complete the Business Combination. Therefore, our warrants and Founder Shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by us
 (except under certain limited exceptions); (2) they (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our Sponsor until 30
 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to
 registration rights.

28 

Table of Contents 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial
 Business Combination with some prospective target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement
 disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be
 prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or
 IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement
 requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
 complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial Business Combination, require substantial
 financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
 accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that
 we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial Business
 Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
 increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

If our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may face
 additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border Business
 Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies
 and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

If we effect our initial Business Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the
 following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

longer payment cycles;

changes in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 outbreak;

tax consequences, such as tax law changes, including termination or reduction of tax and other incentives that the applicable government provides to domestic companies, and variations in tax laws as
 compared to the United States;

29 

Table of Contents 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls, including devaluations and other exchange rate movements;

rates of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations;

liquidity of domestic capital and lending markets;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

energy shortages;

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, wars and other forms of social instability;

deterioration of political relations with the United States;

obligatory military service by personnel; and

government appropriation of assets.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of
 which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

Rosecliff Ventures is not under any obligation to source any potential opportunities for our initial Business Combination or refer any such opportunities to our Company or
 provide any other services to our Company.

Rosecliff Ventures may become aware of a potential Business Combination opportunity that may be an attractive opportunity for our Company. However, Rosecliff Ventures is not under any obligation to source any
 potential opportunities for our initial Business Combination or refer any such opportunities to our Company or provide any other services to our Company. Rosecliff Ventures role with respect to our Company is expected to be primarily passive
 and advisory in nature. Rosecliff Ventures may have fiduciary and/or contractual duties to its investment vehicles and to companies in which Rosecliff Ventures has invested. As a result, Rosecliff Ventures may have a duty to offer Business
 Combination opportunities to certain Rosecliff Ventures funds, other investment vehicles or other entities before other parties, including our Company. Additionally, certain companies in which Rosecliff Ventures has invested may enter into
 transactions with, provide goods or services to, or receive goods or services from an entity with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination. Transactions of these types may present a conflict of interest because Rosecliff
 Ventures may directly or indirectly receive a financial benefit as a result of such transaction.

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company

We may face risks related to tech-enabled companies and companies in the technology industry.

Business Combinations with tech-enabled companies and companies in the technology industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a Business Combination with such a target
 business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks:

if we do not develop successful new products or improve existing ones, our business will suffer;

we may invest in new lines of business that could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue;

we will face significant competition and if we are not able to maintain or improve our market share, our business could suffer;

30 

Table of Contents 

the loss of one or more members of our management team, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could seriously harm our business;

if our security is compromised or if our platform is subjected to attacks that frustrate or thwart our users ability to access our products and services, our users, advertisers, and partners may cut back
 on or stop using our products and services altogether, which could seriously harm our business;

mobile malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks, spamming, and improper or illegal use of our products could seriously harm our business and reputation;

if we are unable to successfully grow our user base and further monetize our products, our business will suffer;

if we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be seriously harmed;

we may be subject to regulatory investigations and proceedings in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a way that could seriously
 harm our business;

components used in our products may fail as a result of a manufacturing, design, or other defect over which we have no control, and render our devices inoperable;

an inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth;

an inability to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber or customer satisfaction and loyalty;

an inability to deal with our subscribers or customers privacy concerns;

an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend;

an inability by us, or a refusal by third parties, to license content to us upon acceptable terms;

potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we may distribute;

competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of subscribers or customers, which may intensify in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and
 behavior; and

disruption or failure of our networks, systems or technology as a result of misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of
 information or similar events.

Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a Business Combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to tech-enabled businesses
 or the technology industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, we will be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, which may or may not be
 different than those risks listed above.

31 

Table of Contents 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other
 charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target
 business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may
 be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may
 arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of
 this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt
 held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a stockholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial Business
 Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

After our initial Business Combination, our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political, social
 and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and
 among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain
 industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we effect our initial
 Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of
 control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our Public Stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we
 will complete such Business Combination only if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business
 sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the
 voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial
 Business Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities
 of a target or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a
 substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority
 stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be
 able to maintain our control of the target business.

We may have limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial Business Combination with a
 target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of completing our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time,
 resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not
 possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholder or warrant holder who chooses to
 remain a stockholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in
 value.

32 

Table of Contents 

The directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the
 operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
 members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
 remain in place.

Our letter agreements with our initial stockholders, officers and directors may be amended without stockholder approval.

Our letter agreements with our initial stockholders, officers and directors contains provisions relating to, among other things, restrictions on transfer of our Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants,
 indemnification of the Trust Account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the Trust Account. The letter agreement may be amended without stockholder approval. While we do not expect our board of
 directors to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one
 or more amendments to the letter agreements. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our stockholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

If our management following our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
 familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial Business Combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the management of the target business at the time of the Business
 Combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such
 laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

Risks Relating to Our Management Team

We are dependent upon our directors and officers and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our directors and officers, at least until we have completed our initial
 Business Combination. In addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business endeavors,
 including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. For a discussion of certain of our officers and directors other business endeavors, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate
 Governance. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on
 us.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel,
 some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of our or a target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be
 ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will
 remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar
 with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

33 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively
 impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate
 that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will
 not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These
 agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our Company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the
 Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for
 services they would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
 individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination will not be the determining
 factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential Business Combination, as we do not expect that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination. The determination
 as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination.

Our directors and officers will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to
 devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

Our directors and officers are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a
 Business Combination and their other responsibilities. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our Business Combination. Each of our directors and officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for
 which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our directors and officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors will also serve as officers and/or board
 members for other entities. If our directors and officers other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our
 affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. for a discussion of our officers and directors other business
 affairs.

Each of our directors and officers are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those
 intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Until we consummate our initial Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our Sponsor and directors and officers are, or may in the future
 become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Our Sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies including in connection
 with their initial Business Combinations, prior to us completing our initial Business Combination, and any such involvement may result in conflicts of interests as described herein. Moreover, entities in which our directors and officers are
 affiliated with may enter into agreements or other arrangements with businesses, which agreements or arrangements may limit or restrict our ability to enter into a Business Combination with such business.

34 

Table of Contents 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other interests, obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to
 which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entities. Our directors and officers also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and
 the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contraction duties or otherwise have an interest in, including Rosecliff Ventures and any other special purpose acquisition company in which they may become involved with. Accordingly,
 if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other interests, obligations or duties, he or she will honor
 these obligations and duties to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts
 may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate
 opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one reasonable for us to pursue

For a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions - Support Services Agreement. 

Our directors, officers, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or
 disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers. Nor do we have a policy
 that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.

In particular, affiliates of our Sponsor have invested in a diverse set of industries. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable Business Combination for us and
 companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates.

In addition, our officers or directors may be investors, or have other direct or indirect interests, in a business with which we may enter into a Business Combination agreement and/or in certain funds or other
 persons that may purchase shares of our Class A common stock.

Our Sponsor, officers, directors and any of their respective affiliates may sponsor or form, or, in the case of individuals, serve as a director or officer of, other blank check companies similar to ours during the
 period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target.

Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other
 companies. Certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our
 ability to consummate an initial Business Combination.

During the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. Certain of
 those persons have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including relating to the business affairs of such companies, transactions entered into by such companies, or otherwise,
 including Michael P. Murphy, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, who in 2020 was fined 20,000 by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA and suspended for six months from association with any FINRA member, as a result
 of not timely updating his broker-dealer registration form (Form U4) to disclose personal tax matters. FINRA s decision in the matter included findings of willful violations, which Mr. Murphy had denied and contested. The Form U4 was updated, the
 personal tax matters have been satisfied, the status of the matter as reported by FINRA is final and the suspension ended as of January 19, 2021.

35 

Table of Contents 

Any litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert the attention and resources of our management team and board of directors away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our
 initial Business Combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial Business Combination.

Risks Relating to our Securities

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore,
 you may be forced to sell your Public Shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our Public Stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) our completion of an initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those shares
 of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial
 Business Combination by the Expiration Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (3) the redemption of our Public Shares if we have not completed an
 initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the
 proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to
 additional trading restrictions.

We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq. On January 22, 2023, we received a written notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications
 Department (the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(4), due to the Company s failure to meet the minimum 500,000 publicly held shares requirement for the
 Nasdaq Capital Market. On March 9, 2023, per the Notice, the Company submitted a plan of compliance to achieve and sustain compliance with all Nasdaq Capital Market listing requirements. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company s plan, the
 Company will have the opportunity to appeal the decision in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. We cannot assure you that we will be able to regain compliance with the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, including the minimum public holder or
 minimum publicly held shares, or that its securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq .

If any of our securities are delisted from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an
 over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A common stock are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of
 trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

36 

Table of Contents 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. 
 Our Units, Class A common stock and warrants currently qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are pre-empted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate
 companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to
 prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to
 hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state
 in which we offer our securities, which may negatively impact our ability to consummate our initial Business Combination.

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying shares of Class A common stock or certain
 exemptions are available.

Pursuant to terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial Business Combination, we will use our
 commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our
 initial Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will
 be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are
 not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to
 exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of shares of Class A common stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 shares of Class
 A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of
 the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our shares of Class A common stock are at the
 time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants
 who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our
 commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other
 compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise
 of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event,
 holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration
 exists for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants that were included as part of the Units. In such an instance, our Sponsor and its
 permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able
 to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying shares of Class A common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class
 A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.

37 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the
 then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be
 decreased, all without your approval.

Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company CST ), as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of
 the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the
 warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the
 warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public
 warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of
 the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 65 
 of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments
 could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a
 warrant.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported sale price
 of shares of Class A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals
 or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state
 securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to: (1) exercise your
 warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal
 redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference
 Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair
 market value of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would
 lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have
 received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of shares of Class A common stock received
 is capped at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.

38 

Table of Contents 

Because each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units of other blank
 check companies.

Each Unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole warrants will trade. This is different
 from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of Class A common stock and one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in
 order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for a third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to
 purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive Business Combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this Unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included one whole warrant or a
 greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share.

Our management s ability to require holders of our public warrants to exercise such public warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer
 shares of Class A common stock upon their exercise of the public warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their public warrants for cash.

If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to
 exercise its warrant (including any warrants held by our Sponsor, officers, directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the
 number of shares of Class A common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his, her or its warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the
 holder s investment in our Company.

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and
 exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company.

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act,
 will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
 forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district
 courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in
 our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
 Southern District of New York (a NY foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in
 connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (a NY enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such NY enforcement action by service upon such warrant
 holder s counsel in the NY foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our Company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if
 a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other
 jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

39 

Table of Contents 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay
 in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
 include the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination only holders of our shares of Class B common stock,
 which are held by our initial stockholders, are entitled to vote on the election of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over
 prevailing market prices for our securities.

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
 transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

General Risk Factors

We have no operating history and no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We
 have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a Business Combination and may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our initial Business Combination, we will
 never generate any operating revenues.

Past performance by any member or members of our management team, any of their respective affiliates, or Rosecliff Ventures may not be indicative of future performance of an
 investment in the Company.

Information regarding performance by our management team and their respective affiliates, including Rosecliff Ventures, or any of its funds, investments or portfolio companies, or our Sponsor or
 directors is presented for informational purposes only. Not all of the companies in which our team has invested have achieved the same level of value creation. Past performance by any member or members of our management team, any of their
 respective affiliates, including Rosecliff Ventures, or any of its funds, investments or portfolio companies, or our Sponsor or directors is not a guarantee either (1) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial
 Business Combination or (2) of success with respect to any Business Combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of any member or members of our management team, any of their respective affiliates, including
 Rosecliff Ventures, or any of its funds, investments or portfolio companies, or our Sponsor or directors or any of the foregoing s related investment s performance, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in the Company or the
 returns the Company will, or is likely to, generate going forward.

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks
 on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As
 an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate
 any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

40 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from
 disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to
 other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
 executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
 approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
 if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year.
 We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of
 our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not
 had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a
 company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
 transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
 adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition
 period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250
 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equalled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain
 types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company or our Company s directors, officers or other employees.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest
 extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our Company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of
 our Company to our Company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our Company or any director, officer or employee of our Company arising pursuant to any provision
 of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or employee of our Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of
 (1) through (4) above, any claim (a) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal
 jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (b) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (c) for which the Court of Chancery does not have
 subject matter jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America
 shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or our directors, officers, other employees or agents. Although we
 believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is
 enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and
 the rules and regulations thereunder.

41 

Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the
 Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or
 the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may limit our stockholders 
 ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our
 capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions is filed
 in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a foreign action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
 within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service
 upon such stockholder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder.

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results.

Included on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our warrants. Accounting Standards
 Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging, provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in
 earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the
 recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may
 have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities.

If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our
 financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.

We have previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments as previously disclosed. A material weakness is a
 deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected
 and corrected on a timely basis.

42 

Table of Contents 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weakness. These remediation measures may be time
 consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects.

If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in
 a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange
 listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be
 sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses.

We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting.

As a result of the previously disclosed material weakness, certain restatements of our prior financials, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or
 other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of
 our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or
 dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a Business Combination.

The Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may decrease the value of our securities following our initial Business Combination,
 hinder our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution in connection with a liquidation.

On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act ), which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock
 repurchased by a domestic corporation beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities trade on Nasdaq, we are a covered corporation within the meaning of the IR Act, and
 while not free from doubt, it is possible that the Excise Tax will apply to any redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an initial Business Combination and any amendment to our
 Certificate of Incorporation to extend the time to consummate an initial Business Combination, unless an exemption is available. Consequently, the value of your investment in our securities may decrease as a result of the Excise Tax. In
 addition, the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential Business Combination targets, and thus, potentially hinder our ability to enter into and consummate an initial Business Combination.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
 concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 785,038 cash in hand, and working capital deficit of approximately 2,979,208 (not taking into account tax obligations of approximately 222,297 that may be paid using
 investment income earned in Trust Account). Further, we have incurred, expect to continue to incur, significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need are discussed under Item 7. Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial Business Combination may not be successful. We have until the Expiration Date to complete a Business
 Combination. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The financial statements
 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to complete a Business Combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date.

43 

Table of Contents 

Item 1.B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2. 

Properties .

We currently maintain our executive offices are located at 767 5 th Avenue 34 th Floor, New York, New York 10153. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee that we will pay our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office
 space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings .

None.

We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures .

None.

44 

Table of Contents 

PART II.

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities .

Market Information

Our Units began trading on Nasdaq on February 12, 2021. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock. On March 25, 2021,
 we announced that holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the Shares of Class A common stock and redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on or about March 26, 2021. Any Units not separated continue to trade on Nasdaq
 under the symbol RCLFU . Any underlying Shares of Class A common stock and redeemable warrants that were separated trade on Nasdaq under the symbols RCLF and RCLFW , respectively.

On January 22, 2023, the Company received the Notice from the Staff of Nasdaq indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(4), due to the Company s failure to meet the minimum 500,000
 publicly held shares requirement for the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Notice is a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting. On March 9, 2023, per the
 Notice, the Company submitted a plan of compliance to achieve and sustain compliance with all Nasdaq Capital Market listing requirements. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company s plan, the Company will have the opportunity to appeal the decision
 in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel.

Holders

As of March 30, 2023, there was one holder of record of our Units, approximately one holder of record of our separately traded Class A common stock, and approximately two holders of record of our redeemable warrants.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of Class A common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends
 in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial
 Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future.
 Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

Performance Graph

The performance graph has been omitted as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

Unregistered Sales

Founder Shares

During the period ended December 31, 2020, the Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for 5,750,000 shares of our Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ). On February 11, 2021,
 we a 1:1.1 stock split of our Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 6,325,000 shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split. The Founder Shares included an aggregate
 of up to 825,000 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately 20 of the Company s
 then issued and outstanding common stock upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its over-allotment option, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture.

45 

Table of Contents 

The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B)
 subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
 any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that
 results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.

Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,706,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant 7,060,000 in the
 aggregate) from us in a private placement.

These issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.

Use of Proceeds

On February 17, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 25,300,000 Units, including the issuance of 3,300,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s exercise in full of its option to purchase
 additional Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 253,000,000. BTIG, LLC acted as sole book-running manager and I-Bankers Securities, Inc. acted as co-manager in the Initial Public Offering. The securities sold in the Initial
 Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-252478). The SEC declared the registration statements effective on February 12, 2021.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,706,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant 7,060,000 in the
 aggregate) from us in a private placement.

In connection with the Initial Public Offering, we incurred offering costs of approximately 14,373,127 (including deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 8,855,000). Other incurred offering costs
 consisted principally of preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial Business
 Combination, if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, 253,000,000 of the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants (or 10.00 per Unit
 sold in the Initial Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are held in the Trust Account and invested as described
 elsewhere in this Annual Report.

There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as is described in the Company s final prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering.
 For a description of the use of the proceeds generated from the Initial Public Offering, see Item 1. Business. 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] .

46 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .

References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I . The following discussion and analysis of the
 Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
 result of many factors. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
 result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 17, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or
 similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrant, our capital stock, debt or a
 combination of cash, stock and debt.

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful.

Recent Developments

Extension of the Expiration Date

In connection with the Company s special meeting of stockholders held on December 21, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved (A) the proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must either (i) consummate the initial Business Combination, or (ii) cease its operations, except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial Business Combination, and
 redeem all of the shares of Class A common stock, and all of the shares of Class B common stock, included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering that was consummated on February 17, 2021, from February 17, 2023 to
 February 17, 2024 and (B) the proposal to amend the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to eliminate the Redemption Limitation in order to allow the Company to redeem shares of Class A common stock irrespective of whether such
 redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation.

Notice of Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule

On January 22, 2023, the Company received the Notice from the Staff of Nasdaq indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(4), due to the Company s failure to meet the minimum 500,000
 publicly held shares requirement for the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Notice is a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting. On March 9, 2023, per the
 Notice, the Company submitted a plan of compliance to achieve and sustain compliance with all Nasdaq Capital Market listing requirements. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company s plan, the Company will have the opportunity to appeal the decision
 in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel.

Termination of the Previously Announced Business Combination Agreement

On March 11, 2022, the Company, GT Gettaxi Listco, GT Gettaxi Limited, GT Gettaxi SPV, GT Gettaxi Merger Sub 1, Gett Merger Sub, Inc., and Dooboo Holding Limited, and Merger Sub entered into a Termination of the
 Business Combination Agreement pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the Business Combination Agreement, effective immediately. As per the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 11, 2021, the
 Company requested that the target s management undertake a thorough analysis of its financial projections. Following the conclusion of that process, and extensive mutual efforts to negotiate an appropriate valuation adjustment, both parties
 agreed to terminate the Business Combination Agreement.

As a result of the termination of the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement is of no further force and effect, and certain transaction agreements entered into in
 connection with the Business Combination Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2021, and to be effective as of the closing of the Business Combination, by and among the Company, a
 Delaware limited liability company, and certain holders, will either be terminated or no longer be effective, as applicable, in accordance with their respective terms.

47 

Table of Contents 

The Company intends to continue to pursue the consummation of a Business Combination with an appropriate target.

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from November 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those
 necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We
 generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well
 as for due diligence expenses.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 11,039,074, which consists of change in fair value of warrants of 9,748,442 and interest earned on investment held in Trust Account of 3,155,965, offset
 by formation and operating costs of 1,251,036 and provision for income tax of 614,297.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 2,148,278, which consists of formation and operating costs of 3,420,593 and transaction costs allocated to warrant liability of 438,283, offset by change
 in fair value of warrants of 1,683,358 and interest earned on investment held in Trust Account of 27,240.

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern

On February 17, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 25,300,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 253,000,000 which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of
 the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 4,706,667 Private Placement Warrant at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,060,000, which is
 described in Note 4.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,018,990. Net income of 11,039,074 was affected by change in fair value of warrants of 9,748,442 and interest earned on investment held
 in the Trust Account of 3,155,965. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 846,343 of cash for operating activities.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 825,593. Net loss of 2,148,278 was affected by transaction costs associated with Initial Public Offering of 438,283, change in fair value
 of warrants of 1,683,358 and interest earned on investment held in the Trust Account of 27,240. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 2,595,000 of cash for operating activities.

As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. Treasury Funds held in the Trust Account of 4,626,107 consisting of fixed income securities. Interest income
 on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew an amount of 1,034,596 in the Trust Account to pay tax obligations and redemption. On December 21, 2022, the Stockholders elected
 to redeem an aggregate of 24,841,284 shares of Class A common stock, representing approximately 98.2 of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account,
 including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete
 our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

48 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 785,038 in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of 2,847,001. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate
 target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and
 material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not
 obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust
 Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Units at a price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the lender. The Units would
 be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 205-40, Disclosure
 of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until the Expiration Date to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by
 this time. Additionally, the Company may not have sufficient liquidity to fund the working capital needs of the Company through one year from the issuance of these financial statements. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date,
 there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution,
 raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company intends to
 complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any Business Combination by the Expiration Date. In addition, the Company may need to raise
 additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to
 time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise
 additional capital, the Company may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing
 overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
 concern through the Expiration Date.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in above to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to
 raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by the close of business on the Expiration Date, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. This date for
 mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
 uncertainty.

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated
 entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing
 arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.

49 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of one of our executive officers a monthly fee of
 10,000 for office space, support and administrative services. We began incurring these fees on February 11, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation.

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 8,855,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the
 event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
 of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting
 estimates:

Warrant Liabilities

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such
 instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480 and ASC 815. The Company accounts for warrants in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480 and ASC
 815 and determined that the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder. The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant
 to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own common stock, among other conditions for equity classification. This
 assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding.

Accordingly, the Company recognizes the 8,433,333 Public Warrants and 4,706,667 Private Placement Warrants as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The
 liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants was measured at fair value
 using a binomial lattice model incorporating the Cox-Ross-Rubenstein methodology.

The measurement of the Public Warrants after the separation of the Public Warrants from the Units is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market. For periods subsequent to
 the separation of the Public Warrants from the Units, the closing price of the Public Warrant was used as the fair value for the warrants as of each relevant date. At December 31, 2021, the Private Placement Warrants transferred to Level 2 due
 to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market (See Notes 8 and 10).

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480. Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability
 instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
 events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of
 our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, 25,300,000 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our
 balance sheets.

50 

Table of Contents 

Net Income (Loss) per Common Share

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. The Company has two classes of common stock, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B
 common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of stock. Net income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the respective
 period. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) , which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required
 under current U.S. GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain
 areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have
 on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company has not adopted this guidance as of December 31, 2022.

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements.

Item 7.A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Not required for smaller reporting companies.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

52

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

53

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

54

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

55

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

56

Notes to Financial Statements 

57 to 72

51 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of

Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Rosecliff Acquisition Corp. I (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash
 flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional
 funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by February 17, 2024 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and
 subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
 might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm
 registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
 the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
 material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
 of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
 procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
 as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020.

, New York

March 31, 2023

PCAOB ID Number 100 

52 

Table of Contents 

ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,

2022 

2021 

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Investments and cash held in Trust Account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current liabilities

Accrued expenses

Accrued offering costs

Income taxes payable

Due to Sponsor

Total current liabilities

Warrant liabilities

Deferred underwriting fee payable

TOTAL LIABILITIES

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption: and shares at approximately 
 and per share redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, 
 outstanding (less and 
 shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

53 

Table of Contents 

ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021

General and administrative expenses

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Change in fair value of warrants

Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account

Total other income (expense), net

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes

Provision for income taxes (expense) 

Net income (loss)

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

54 

Table of Contents 

ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

Class A

 Common Stock

Class B (1)

 Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-in

Accumulated

Total

 Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance December 31, 2020

Cash paid in excess of fair value of Private Placement warrants

Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption amount

Net loss

Balance December 31, 2021

Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption amount

Net income

Balance December 31, 2022

(1)

On February 11, 2021, the Company effected a 1: stock split of
 its Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have
 been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

55 

Table of Contents 

ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accrued expenses

Accrued offering costs

Income taxes payable

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemptions

Investment of cash in Trust Account

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants

Proceeds from promissory note related party

Repayments of promissory note related party

Payment of offering costs

Redemptions of common stock

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning of year

Cash End of year

Non-cash investing and financing activities:

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs

Income taxes paid

Payment of accrued expenses through promissory note

Deferred underwriting fee payable

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

56 

Table of Contents 

ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
 the amount of Units, at 
 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3.

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Rosecliff Acquisition Sponsor I LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of ,
 which is described in Note 4.

, consisting
 of in cash underwriting fees, 
 in deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering costs.

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
 of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and was invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning
 set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
 which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described
 below.

or more operating businesses or assets that
 together have a fair market value equal to at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding any
 deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to
 register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully.

57 

Table of Contents 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business
 Combination with respect to the Company s warrants.

following any related redemptions and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If
 a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however,
 stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in
 conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares
 (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if
 they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company.

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the Expiration Date (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to
 any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment.

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public
 Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
 subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under the Delaware General Corporation Law to provide for claims of
 creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by
 the Expiration Date.

).

58 

Table of Contents 

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or
 prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
 liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be
 unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due
 to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business,
 execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

59 

Table of Contents 

in
 its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of . The Company intends to use the funds held outside the Trust
 Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
 or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the
 Sponsor or an affiliated of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined below) (see Note 5).

60 

Table of Contents 

and of cash as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and cash equivalents.

of interest earned on investment held in the Trust Account to pay its tax obligations and in Trust Account in connection
 with redemption. The Company presents its investments in money market funds on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities are included in
 interest income in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair value of investments held in the Trust Account is determined using available market information.

61 

Table of Contents 

and ,
 respectively, shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets.

value) of shares of Class A common stock, representing approximately of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock.

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Class A common stock issuance costs

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Less:

Redemption of Class A common stock

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022

62 

Table of Contents 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at
 each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The Public Warrants are valued by the closing
 price of the observable market quote in an active market. The Private Placement Warrants are valued using an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market (See Notes 8 and 10).

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in
 significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company has been subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.

potential shares of Class A common stock for
 outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants to purchase the Company s stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because they are contingently exercisable, and the
 contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per common stock for the period. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used
 to compute basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for each class of stock. 

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock

63 

Table of Contents 

64 

Table of Contents 

Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriter of their overallotment option in the amount of Units, at a price of
 per Unit. Each Unit consists of 
 share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles
 the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 10).

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private
 Placement Warrant in the aggregate) from the Company in a private placement. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is
 exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 10). A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public
 Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the Expiration Date, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the
 Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.

to cover certain of the Company s offering costs in exchange for shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ). On February 11, 2021, the Company effected a :1.1 stock split of its Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of
 Founder Shares would equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock upon the
 consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its over-allotment option, 
 Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture.

after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or
 other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.

and , respectively.

65 

Table of Contents 

per month for office space, support and administrative services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and in fees for these services, respectively.
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of administrative fees, respectively, were included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets, respectively.

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant.
 The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts
 outstanding under the Working Capital Loans.

66 

Table of Contents 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to
 the terms of the underwriting agreement.

67 

Table of Contents 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock, respectively, issued and outstanding, which are presented as temporary equity. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

-for-one basis,
 subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked
 securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which the shares of Class B common stock will convert into shares of Class A
 common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of
 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 
 of the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial
 Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination.

Public Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised in whole and only for a
 whole number of shares. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business
 Combination and (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the
 Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially
 reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of a Business Combination and to
 maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.

68 

Table of Contents 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the warrants
 (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

per warrant; 

days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant
 holder; and 

trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted). 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the
 outstanding warrants: 

per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to
 redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the shares of Class A common stock; 

per share (as
 adjusted); and 

per share (as
 adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 

69 

Table of Contents 

per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of
 directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the
 aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
 the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the
 Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the and per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest
 cent) to be equal to and ,
 respectively, of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public
 Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or
 salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private
 Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone
 other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

Start up/organization expenses

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance

Deferred benefit

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

and ,
 respectively, of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income.

70 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively.

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit

Deferred tax liability change in rate

Change in fair value of warrants

Transaction costs allocated to warrants

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax rate

in cash and money market funds that primarily invested in U.S. Treasury Securities at fair market value, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
 Company withdrew and 
 of interest to pay its tax obligations, respectively. Total holdings in cash as of December 31, 2022 is during the year ended
 December 31, 2022.

1

71 

Table of Contents 

1

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants

2

2

.
 On December 31, 2021 the Private Placement Warrants transferred to Level 2 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market.

. The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants
 transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement for the year ended December 31, 2021 was . There was
 transfer during the year ended December 31, 2022.

publicly held shares requirement for the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting. On March 9, 2023, per the
 Notice, the Company submitted a plan of compliance to achieve and sustain compliance with all Nasdaq Capital Market listing requirements. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company s plan, the Company will have the opportunity to appeal the decision
 in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9.A. 

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and
 reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive
 officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

72 

Table of Contents 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
 controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
 Exchange Act) were effective. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period
 presented.

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our
 internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our
 internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

(2) 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only
 in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and

(3) 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
 to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our
 internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This Report does not include an attestation report of our
 internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
 financial reporting.

Item 9.B. 

Other Information.

None.

Item 9.C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection.

Not Applicable.

73 

Table of Contents 

PART III.

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance .

Our current directors and executive officer are as follows:

Directors and Officers

Name

Age

Title

Michael P. Murphy

51

Chief Executive Officer and Director

Jordan Zimmerman

67

President and Director

Kieran Goodwin

53

Chief Financial Officer

Brian Radecki

52

Director

Frank S. Edmonds

53

Director

Heather Bellini

53

Director

Executive Officers

Michael P. Murphy has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since our inception. Mr. Murphy began his investing career over 25 years
 ago. His career has been focused on being an entrepreneur in the investing and financial service industry. In the past, he was the Founder of a wealth management firm, hedge fund and multiple commercial real estate portfolios. In 2016, Mr.
 Murphy founded Rosecliff Ventures and has served as its Managing Partner since its inception. Over the past four years, Rosecliff Ventures has made over 80 investments, raised over 1 billion in assets under management, launched seven
 investment funds and experienced multiple portfolio company exits. A few select transactions from the Rosecliff Ventures portfolio include; Allbirds, Casper, Postmates, Ro, Thirty Madison, Petal and Wheels Up. Mr. Murphy is currently a board
 member of multiple private, venture capital backed companies. Mr. Murphy previously was a contributor on CNBC and regularly appeared on the network s FASTMONEY segment. Currently, Mr. Murphy is a regular weekly contributor on Fox Network. Mr.
 Murphy earned a Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration from Hofstra University.

Jordan Zimmerman has served as our President and a member of our Board of Directors since our inception. Mr. Zimmerman currently serves as the Chairman and Founder of
 Zimmerman Advertising, which he founded in 1984. Mr. Zimmerman trademarked his advertising strategy, Brandtailing , a maverick combination of long-term brand building and short-term sales boosting that delivers measurable results. Highly
 respected within the advertising world, Mr. Zimmerman is often asked to address industry groups and participate in panel discussions across the country. Zimmerman Advertising has worked with highly recognizable and successful businesses in the
 consumer sector, such as Nissan, McDonald s, Dunkin Donuts, Five Below, Party City, Kay Jewelers, AutoNation, Michaels, Advance America, TBC/Tire Kingdom, Office Depot, and Carfax. The agency works with these companies to help increase brand
 awareness, market share and overall company growth.

Outside of work, Mr. Zimmerman is an author, a philanthropist, a Horatio Alger Award recipient and a Golden Circle Member of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.

In March 2015, with a donation of 10 million dollars from the Jordan Zimmerman Family Foundation, Mr. Zimmerman established the University of South Florida Zimmerman School of Advertising and Mass Communications
 and its highly regarded Zimmerman Advertising Program. Mr. Zimmerman was appointed by the Governor of Florida for a second term to sit on the Board of Trustees at the University of South Florida where he has served as the Chairman of the Board
 since 2019. Mr. Zimmerman earned a Bachelor of Arts in Advertising and an MBA from the University of South Florida and was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Business Administration from Nova Southeastern University.

74 

Table of Contents 

Kieran Goodwin has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception. Mr. Goodwin previously founded Panning Capital Management, L.P. Panning in 2012 and was
 Co-Managing Partner and Portfolio Manager until 2018. Panning was a long/short credit hedge fund with a peak AUM of 2.5 billion during Mr. Goodwin s tenure. From 2004 to 2010, Mr. Goodwin was the Head of Trading and one of five partners and
 four members of the Global Investment Committee at King Street Capital Management King Street ). As Head of Trading, Mr. Goodwin was responsible for managing King Street s twenty traders. During his time at King Street, the firm s AUM grew
 from 4 billion to approximately 20 billion. Mr. Goodwin previously was a Managing Director at both UBS and Merrill Lynch, where he ran proprietary trading books. Since 2018, Mr. Goodwin has invested his own capital in both private and public
 markets. He is an investor in many early-stage companies and currently serves on the board of directors of Tradewell Technologies Inc. and Zoomi Inc. Additionally, he serves on the board of directors Voya Prime Rate Trust, a public closed-end
 loan fund. Mr. Goodwin received a Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science, cum laude , from Duke University in 1991.

Board of Directors

Brian Radecki has served as the Chairman of our Board of Directors since our inception. Mr. Radecki currently serves as the Founder, Chief Executive Officer and member of
 the Board of Directors of Rapa Therapeutics Rapa ), a clinical stage start-up biotechnology company, spun out of the National Cancer Institute in September 2017. Mr. Radecki is an active angel investor in, or advisor to, several companies
 across various industries - from start-ups with zero revenue, to pre-IPO and large public companies. He has over 20 years of experience building both small private and large public companies. He works closely with many top-tier private equity,
 venture capital and institutional investors along with entrepreneurs, boards of directors and senior management teams to build disruptive and innovative platform companies by executing strategic plans to get things done.

Mr. Radecki is currently an investor and director on the board of Wheels Up. Previously, Mr. Radecki was an early investor in, and served on the board of directors of, Rain King Software, Inc., a leading sales
 and marketing intelligence platform, when it was acquired in August 2017 by Zoom Info (NASDAQ: ZI) (formerly DiscoverOrg); Docutech, a document, eSign, eClosing and compliance technology provider, when it was acquired by First American (NYSE:
 FAF) for 350 million in March 2020; and Optimal Blue, a digital marketplace in the residential mortgage industry, which was recently acquired by Black Knight, Inc. (NYSE: BKI). Also, Mr. Radecki invested pre-IPO in other companies including
 Beyond Meat (NASDAQ: BYND) and Skillz Inc. (NYSE: SKLZ), which is merging (via SPAC) with Flying Eagle Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: FEAC). After working approximately 20 years at public companies, Mr. Radecki retired in 2016 from CoStar Group
 Inc. CoStar (NASDAQ: CSGP), a provider of commercial real estate information, analytics and online marketplaces, where he held several senior operational and financial roles over 18 years, including Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
 Officer and VP of Research Operations (the company s largest operating area). While at CoStar, Mr. Radecki oversaw or played a major role in CoStar s accounting and finance operations in the U.S. and U.K. - from internal audit, tax and
 budgeting to SEC reporting, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance and due diligence. Additionally, Mr. Radecki helped lead CoStar s 1998 Initial Public Offering, multiple follow on equity offerings and international expansion, as well as leading several
 acquisitions and the integration of public companies, including Comps.com (NASDAQ: CDOT) in 2000 for 102 million, and LoopNet (NASDAQ: LOOP) in 2012 for 860 million. Also, Mr. Radecki was named the Washington Business Journal s CFO of the
 Year in the large company category for 2012. During 2014, he led and raised nearly 1.1 billion of debt and equity. Mr. Radecki also played a major role in acquisitions of Apartments.com in 2014 for 585 million and ApartmentFinder in 2015 for
 170 million, which allowed CoStar to successfully enter a new strategic vertical and significantly expanded CoStar s total addressable market. Mr. Radecki was instrumental in building CoStar from a small pre-IPO start-up to a multi-billion
 dollar public company. Before joining CoStar, Mr. Radecki worked at Axent Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: AXNT), an international security software company; Azerty, Inc. and the public accounting firm, Lumsden McCormick, LLP, both based in
 Buffalo, NY.

Mr. Radecki earned a Bachelor of Science from University of New York at Buffalo, with a dual degree in Accounting and Finance.

75 

Table of Contents 

Heather Bellini has served as one of our directors since February 2021. She has been the Chief Financial Officer of Deep Instinct, a New York and Israeli based cyber
 security software company since 2020. Prior to Deep Instinct, Ms. Bellini was a Partner at Goldman Sachs since 2012. At Goldman Sachs, she was the Business Unit Leader of the Technology Research Group, as well as an equity research analyst
 covering the Software sector and select Internet-related companies. Ms. Bellini s universe of research coverage had a significant market capitalization. Ms. Bellini was also responsible on the research side in bringing to market 20 of the
 companies in her coverage universe through their Initial Public Offerings, including Anaplan, Atlassian, Cloudflare, Crowdstrike, Dropbox, Dynatrace, Elastic NV, Facebook, MongoDB, Okta, Ping Identity, Rackspace Holdings, Salesforce, Slack
 Technologies, Snowflake, Solarwinds, Twilio, Unity, VMware, Workday and Zoom Video Communications. Ms. Bellini was named to the inaugural Barron s 100 Most Influential Women in Finance in 2020.

Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Ms. Bellini was a senior managing director and head of technology research at International Strategy and Investment from 2009 to 2011. Earlier, she was head of technology research
 as well as a software analyst at UBS from 2003 to 2009. Ms. Bellini earned a BA in Economics from Denison University and an MBA in Finance from Columbia University. Ms. Bellini is a CFA charterholder.

Frank S. Edmonds has served as one of our directors since February 2021. He served as a Partner at Panning Capital Management, L.P., starting in 2013, where he served as
 Co-Managing Partner and Head of Research from 2013 to 2018. From 2002 to 2012, Mr. Edmonds was a Senior Research Analyst at King Street, where he served as one of five partners and four members of the Global Investment Committee. Prior to
 King Street, Mr. Edmonds was a research analyst at Oak Hill Advisors. He serves on the boards of Shane s Rib Shack, a fast casual barbeque restaurant business with 65 locations in the southeast United States, as well as the Darden Graduate
 School of Business and the Jefferson Scholars Foundation. He is currently the Chair of the Investment Committee at Woodberry Forest School. Mr. Edmonds received a B.A. in History/American Studies and joint M.B.A. / J.D. degrees from the
 University of Virginia.

Director Independence

An independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner,
 stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined that each of Frank S. Edmonds,
 Brian Radecki and Heather Bellini is an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq listing rules.

Number, Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Director

Our board of directors consists of five members.

Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to elect all of our directors and remove members of the board of directors for any reason, and holders of our Public
 Shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. Our directors are appointed for a term of two years. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved
 by holders of a majority of at least 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Approval of our initial Business Combination will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board
 directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the stockholders, prior to our initial Business Combination, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the
 affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors, or by holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock.

76 

Table of Contents 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the
 offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and
 such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee; a compensation committee; and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of our audit committee, compensation committee and
 nominating and corporate governance committee are composed solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The
 charter of each committee is available on our website.

Audit Committee

The members of our audit committee are Brian Radecki, Frank S. Edmonds and Heather Bellini. Brian Radecki serves as chairman of the audit committee.

Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting
 or related financial management expertise.

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including:

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s
 qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm;

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by
 us;

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
 pre-approval policies and procedures;

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm;

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control
 procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding
 five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our
 specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

77 

Table of Contents 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with
 regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules
 promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.

Compensation Committee

The members of our compensation committee are Brian Radecki, Frank S. Edmonds and Heather Bellini. Ms. Bellini serves as chair of the compensation committee.

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such
 goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our
 other officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and is directly
 responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
 will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Brian Radecki, Frank S. Edmonds and Heather Bellini. Mr. Edmonds serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee.

We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including:

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board of directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for
 nomination for election at the annual stockholder meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors;

78 

Table of Contents 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines;

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the Company; and

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary.

The charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director
 candidates, and is directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms.

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the
 board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders.
 Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to this
 Annual Report. We have also posted a copy of our Code of Ethics and the charters of our audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee on our website under https://rosecliffspac.com/governance/. Our
 website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. You are able to review this document by accessing our
 public filings at the SEC s website . In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain
 provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Conflicts of Interest

Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of our Sponsor or its affiliates or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential Business Combinations to the related
 entities described below, current or future entities affiliated with or managed by our Sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our
 interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and it is an opportunity that we are able
 to complete on a reasonable basis.

In addition, our officers or directors may be investors, or have other direct or indirect interests, in a business with which we may enter into a Business Combination agreement and/or in certain funds or other
 persons that may purchase shares in the Initial Public Offering or that may otherwise purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the public market.

Our officers, directors and any of their respective affiliates may sponsor or form, or, in the case of individuals, serve as a director or officer of, other blank check companies similar to ours during the period
 in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our
 ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

79 

Table of Contents 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be
 required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our directors or officers becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
 fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity. See Risk Factors - Each of our directors and officers are now, and
 all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
 opportunity should be presented. 

We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

Our directors and officers may become involved with subsequent special purpose acquisition companies similar to our Company. Potential investors should also be aware of the following potential conflicts of
 interest:

None of our directors or officers is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business
 activities.

In the course of their other business activities, our directors and officers may become aware of investment and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other
 entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s other
 affiliations, see information below.

Our initial stockholders, directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our
 initial Business Combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination by the Expiration Date or
 during any extension period. However, if our initial stockholders (or any of our directors, officers or affiliates) acquire Public Shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such
 Public Shares if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the
 Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Pursuant to a letter agreement that our initial stockholders,
 directors and officers have entered into with us, with certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our initial stockholders until the earlier of: (1) one year after the completion
 of our initial Business Combination; and (2) subsequent to our initial Business Combination (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
 dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20-trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which we complete a
 liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With
 certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our
 initial Business Combination. Since our Sponsor and directors and officers may directly or indirectly own our securities following the Initial Public Offering, our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest in determining
 whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination.

Our directors and officers may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive
 compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular Business Combination.

Our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a
 target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination.

80 

Table of Contents 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor.

In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our directors and officers have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple
 entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our directors or officers in circumstances where the application of the
 doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have, and there will not be any expectancy that any of our directors or officers will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware
 to us. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our directors and officers currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations:

Individual

Entity

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Michael P. Murphy

Rosecliff Venture Management, LLC

Venture Capital

Founder and Managing Partner

Cargo Systems, Inc.

Rideshare Advertising

Director

Squarefoot

Commercial Real Estate

Director

ForDays

Fashion

Director

Agile Stacks

Technology

Director

Jordan Zimmerman

Zimmerman Advertising

Advertising

Founder Chairman

Kieran Goodwin

Zoomi, Inc.

Education/Artificial Intelligence

Director

Tradewell Technologies

Financial Technology

Director

Voya Prime Rate Loan Trust

Closed-End Fund

Director

Brian Radecki

Rapa Therapeutics, LLC

Biotechnology

Founder, Chief Executive

Officer and Director

Wheels Up Partners Holdings LLC

Transportation/Aviation

Director

Frank S. Edmonds

Shane s Rib Shack

Fast-Casual Restaurant

Director

Heather Bellini

Deep Instinct

Cyber security

Chief Financial Officer

Accordingly, if any of the above directors or officers become aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or
 contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
 or officer of the Company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to
 identify and pursue Business Combination opportunities or complete our initial Business Combination.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers.

In addition, our Sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the Company in connection with the initial Business Combination, although our Sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or
 current intention to do so. If our Sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our Sponsor s motivation to complete an initial Business Combination.

81 

Table of Contents 

In the event that we submit our initial Business Combination to our Public Stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, directors and officers have agreed, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered
 into with us, to vote any Founder Shares (and their permitted transferees will agree) and Public Shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation .

None of our directors or officers has received directly from us any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of
 consummation of our initial Business Combination and our liquidation, pursuant to our support services agreement with our Sponsor, we will pay our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office, support and administrative services. In
 addition, our Sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
 performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, directors, officers or our or any of their respective affiliates.

After the completion of our initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined company. All
 compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. It is unlikely the
 amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the
 completion of our initial Business Combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely of independent directors.

We are not party to any agreements with our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence
 our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination should be a determining factor in
 our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters .

The following table sets forth information available to us at March 30, 2023 with respect to our common stock held by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock;

each of our executive officers and directors; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not
 reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these are not exercisable within 60 days of March [30], 2023.

82 

Table of Contents 

Class A Common Stock

Class B Common Stock

Beneficially Owned

Approximate

 Percentage of

 Class Issued and

 Outstanding

 Common Stock

Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage of

 Class Issued and

 Outstanding

 Common Stock

Name and Address of

 Beneficial Owner (2) 

Rosecliff Acquisition Sponsor I LLC (our Sponsor) (1)(3) 

6,195,000

91.3

Michael P. Murphy (1)(3) 

6,195,000

91.3

Brian Radecki

50,000

Jordan Zimmerman

Kieran Goodwin

Frank S. Edmonds

40,000

Heather Bellini

40,000

All directors and officers as a group (six individuals)

130,000

1.9

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Shares of Class B common stock will convert into Shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled Description of Securities in our prospectus filed with the SEC
 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-252478).

(2) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I, 767 5th Avenue, 34th Floor, New York, New York 10153.

(3) 

Rosecliff Acquisition Sponsor I LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of 6,195,000 shares of Class B common stock. By virtue of his control over our Sponsor, Michael P. Murphy may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our
 Sponsor.

Our initial stockholders beneficially own approximately 20 of the then issued and outstanding common stock and have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination as a result of
 holding all of the Founder Shares. Holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial Business Combination. In addition, because of their ownership block, our initial
 stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant
 corporate transactions.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence .

Founder Shares

During the period ended December 31, 2020, the Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain of the Company s offering costs in exchange for 5,750,000 shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ).
 On February 11, 2021, the Company effected a 1:1.1 stock split of its Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 6,325,000 shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock split.
 The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 825,000 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would equal, on an
 as-converted basis, approximately 20 of the Company s then issued and outstanding common stock upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its over-allotment option, no
 Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture.

83 

Table of Contents 

The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B)
 subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
 for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar
 transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.

Amount Due to Sponsor

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had advances owed to the Sponsor in the amount of 16,152 and 0, respectively.

Private Placement Warrants

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 4,706,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant 7,060,000 in the
 aggregate) from the Company in a private placement. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the sale
 of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a Business Combination by the Expiration Date, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
 Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.

Registration Rights

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on February 11, 2021, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital
 Loans (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to
 registration rights requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to shares of Class A common stock). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three
 demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a
 Business Combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not be required to effect or permit any
 registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from
 delays in registering our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Related Party Notes

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but
 are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we completes a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working
 Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no
 proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
 The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business
 Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans.

84 

Table of Contents 

Administrative Services Agreement

Commencing on February 11, 2021 through the earlier of our consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, we agreed to pay our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, support and
 administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we accrued 230,000 and 110,000 in fees for these services, of which such amount is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet.

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services .

The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered.

Audit Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 128,853 and 103,911,
 respectively, for the services Withum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Audit-Related Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related
 to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements.

Tax Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm rendered fees in the amount of 8500 and 0 services to us for
 tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning, respectively.

(4)

All Other Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no fees billed for
 products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the
 formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
 services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion
 of the audit) . 

85 

Table of Contents 

PART IV.

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules .

(a) 

The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Financial Statements: See Item 8. Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein.

(b) 

Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Exhibit 

 No.

Description of Exhibits

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 

3.2 (1) 

Bylaws of the Company. 

4.1 (2) 

Warrant Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, as warrant agent. 

4.2 (3) 

Description of the Company s securities. 

10.1 (2) 

Letter Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and each of the Sponsor, the
 Company s officers and directors and certain other security holders. 

10.2 (2) 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and
 Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 

10.3 (2) 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and each of the
 Sponsor and certain other security holders. 

10.4 (2) 

Support Services Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 

10.5 (2) 

Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 

10.6 (2) 

Indemnity Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and Michael P. Murphy. 

10.7 (2) 

Indemnity Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and Jordan Zimmerman. 

10.8 (2) 

Indemnity Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and Kieran Goodwin. 

10.9 (2) 

Indemnity Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and Brian Radecki. 

10.10 (2) 

Indemnity Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and Heather Bellini. 

10.11 (2) 

Indemnity Agreement, dated February 11, 2021, between the Company and Frank S. Edmonds. 

10.12 (4) 

Termination Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2022, by and between Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I
 and GT Gettaxi Limited. 

14.01 (3) 

Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I. 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document.

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1 filed on January 17, 2021.

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2021.

(3) 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022.

(4) 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2022.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary.

None.

86 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 31, 2023

ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I

/s/ Michael P. Murphy

By:

Michael P. Murphy

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 31, 2023

/s/ Kieran Goodwin

By:

Kieran Goodwin

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and

Principal Accounting Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

87 

Table of Contents 

/s/ Michael P. Murphy

Name:

Michael P. Murphy

Title:

Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

Date:

March 31, 2023

/s/ Kieran Goodwin

Name:

Kieran Goodwin

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

Date:

March 31, 2023

/s/ Jordan Zimmerman

Name:

Jordan Zimmerman

Title:

President and Director

Date:

March 31, 2023

/s/ Brian Radecki

Name:

Brian Radecki

Title:

Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director

Date:

March 31, 2023

/s/ Heather Bellini

Name:

Heather Bellini

Title:

Director

Date:

March 31, 2023

/s/ Frank S. Edmonds

Name:

Frank S. Edmonds

Title:

Director

Date:

March 31, 2023

88 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 brhc10050434_ex3-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

State o f D elaware 

 Secretary of State 

 D iv i s i on of Corpo r a ti ons 

 D el i vered 0 5 :59 P M 02 / 11/20 2 1 

 FILED 05:59 PM 02 / 11 /2 02 1 

 S R 2 0210427503 - File Nu m be r 4170 7 10 

AMENDED AND RESTATED

 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

 OF

 ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I 

F e bruary 11, 2021 

Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS: 

1. The name of the Corporation is Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I . The original certificate of incorporation of the Corpora t ion was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 17, 2020
 (the Original Certificate ). 

2. This Amended and Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation (this Amended and Restated Certificate wa s duly ad o pted b y the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board and the stockholders of t h e Corpora t ion in accordance w ith Sections 228 , 24 2 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time (the DGCL ). 

3. This Amended and Restated Certificate restates , integrates and amends the
 provisions of the Original Certificate. Certain capitalized terms used in this Amended and Restated Certificate are defined where appropriate herein. 

4. The text of the Original Certificate is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

 NAME

The name of the corporation is Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I (the Corporation . 

ARTICLE II 

 PURPOSE

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be o r ganized
 under the DGCL. In addition to the powers and privileges conferred upon the Corporation by law and those inciden t al there t o , the Corporation shall possess and ma y exercise all the powers and
 privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduc t , p romotion or attainm e n t of the business or purposes of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, effecting a merger, capital
 stock exchange, asse t acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Corporation an d one o r more b u siness e s a Business Combination ). 

ARTICLE III 

 REGISTERED AGENT

The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington , Count y of New Castle, Delaware 19808. The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

ARTICLE IV

 CAPITALIZATION

Section 4.1 Authorized Capital Stock . The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par v alue of 0.0001 per share, which the Corporation is au t horized to issue is 101,000,000 , consisting

of (a I00 , 000,000 share s of c ommon stock, including (i) 80,000 , 000 shares of Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock and (ii 20,000,000 shares of Cla s s B common stock (the Class B Common
 Stock , and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common

Stock ), and (b) 1,000,000 shares
 of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). 

Effective February 11 , 2021 (the Effective

Time ), each issued and outstanding share of Class B Common Stock of the Corporation that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into one and one-tenth iss u ed and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, without further action on the part of the Corporation or the

holders thereof and w h e ther or not certificates representing such shares are surrendered for
 cancellation. 

Section 4.2 Preferred Stock . Subject to Article IX of this Amended and Restated
 Certificate, the Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board is hereby expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series and to establish from time to time
 the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, if any, of each such series and any qualifications,
 limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance of such series and included in a
 certificate of designation (a Preferred Stock Designation filed pursuant to the DGCL, and the Board is hereby expressly vested
 with the authority to the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt any such
 resolution or resolutions. 

Section 4.3 Common Stock .

(a) Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively possess all
 voting power with respect to the Corporation. Subject to the provisions in Article IX hereof, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote. 

(b) Class B Common Stock.

(i) Shares of Class B Common Stock shall be convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one- for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio (A) at any
 time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof and (B) automatically on the closing of the initial Business Combination. 

(ii) Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Corporation s 
 initial public offering of securities (the Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, all issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock shall
 automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the closing of the initial Business Combination at a ratio for which: 

the numerator shall be equal to the sum of (A) 25 of all shares of Class A
 Common Stock issued or issuable (upon the conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or otherwise) in each case by the Corporation related to or in connection with the consummation of
 the initial Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination and excluding any securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business Combination) plus (B) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination; and 

the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination. 

As used herein, the term equity-linked securities means any debt or equity securities of the Corporation that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with the initial Business Combination, including but not limited to a
 private placement of equity or debt. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any
 particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a
 majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding consenting or agreeing separately as a single class and (ii) in no event shall the Class B Common Stock convert into Class A Common Stock

at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. 

The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by
 stock sp lit , subdivision, exchange, stock dividend , reclassification , recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by
 reverse stock split, exchange , reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or similar
 reclassification or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate without a proportionate and corresponding
 subdivision , combination or similar reclassification or recapitalization of the outs tan ding shares of Class B Common Stock. 

Each share of Class B Common Stock shall convert into its pro rata number

of shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) . The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Common Stock will be determined as follows: Each share of Class B Common Stock shall
 convert into such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as is equal to the product of one (1) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be
 the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock shall be converted pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) and the denominator of which shall be the total number of
 issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock at the time of conversion. 

(c) Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation and Section 9.9 hereof), at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the holders of the Class A Common Stock and the holders of the Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single class,
 shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including a Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the
 Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of the Preferred
 Stock if the holders of such affected series of Preferred Stock are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any
 Preferred Stock Designation) or the DGCL. 

(d) Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of
 Article I X hereof, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such
 dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor, and shall share equally on a per share basis

in such dividends and distributions. 

(e) Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of
 Article IX hereof, in the event of any voluntary or
 involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of
 the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the
 Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders , ratably in proportion to the number of shares of
 the Common Stock held by them. 

Section 4.4 Rights and Options . The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to purchase shares of any
 class or series of the Corporation s capital stock or other securities of the Corporation, and such rights, warrants and options shall be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided,

however, that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital stock subject thereto may not be less than the par value thereof. 

ARTICLE V

 BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 5.1 Board Powers . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by , or under the dire c tion of, the Board. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, this Amended and Restated Certificate or the
 Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws ), the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL and this Amended and Restated Certificate and the Bylaws. 

Section 5.2 Number, Election and Term . 

(a) The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

(b) Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate, each
 director shall hold office for a two-year term, with such term expiring at the second annual meeting of the stockholders following such appointment and until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified, or until such director s earlier death, resignation or removal. Subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of
 Preferred Stock, voting separately by class or seri es, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock , the election of directors shall be determined
 by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. 

(c) Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement,
 disqualification or removal. 

(d) Unless and except to the extent that the Bylaws shall so require, the election
 of directors need not be by written ballot. The holders of shares of Common Stock shall not have cumulative
 voting rights. 

Section 5.3 Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies. Subject to Sections 5.5 and 9.9 hereof, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement , disqualification, removal or other cause may be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders), and an y director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director to which the new di r ectorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her
 successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement , disqualification or removal. 

Section 5.4 Removal . Subject to Section 5.5 hereof and except as otherwise provided for by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including as set forth on Section 9.9 hereof), any or all of the directors may be r emoved from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative
 vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

Section 5.5 Preferred Stock Directors. Notwithstanding any other provision
 of this Article V, and except as oth e rwis e required by law, whenever the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or series,

to elect one or more directors, the term of office , the filling of
 vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set
 forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation). 

ARTICLE VI

 BYLAWS

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power and is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The Bylaws also may
 be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation; provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of t he Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) , the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation
 entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders of the Corporation to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws; and provided further, however, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had no t been adopted. 

ARTICLE VII 

 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS; ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT

Section 7 .1 Meetings. Subject to the
 rights , if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable law ,
 special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called
 only by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board , and the ability of the stockholders of the Corporation to call a special meeting is hereby specifically denied. 

Section 7.2 Advance Notice. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to b e brought by stockholders
 before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws . 

Section 7.3 Action by Written Consent .
 Subsequ ent to the consummation

of the Offering, any action required or p erm i t ted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation other than with respect to Class B Common Stock with respect

to which action may be t aken by written consent. 

ARTICLE VIII

 LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION

Section 8.1 Limitation of Director Liability. A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or it s stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same
 exists or may hereafter be amended. Any amendment , modification o r
 repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prio r to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 

Section 8.2 Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be a m ended, the Corp o rat i on shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or i s otherwise involved in
 any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether ci v il, criminal , administrative or investigative (a proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she
 is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or , while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as
 a director, officer, employe e or a g ent of another corporation or of
 a partnership, joint ve n ture, trust, other enterprise or n onprofit
 entity, i n clud i ng se r vice with re s pect to an employee benefit plan (an indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director,
 officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines , excise
 taxes and penalties under the Emplo y ee Retirement Income Security Act and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection
 with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expense s (including attorneys fee s incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any
 proceeding in ad v ance of its final dispo s ition: provided , however, that, to the extent required by applicable law , such
 payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proc e eding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee , to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 8 .2 or otherwise. The rights t o indemnification and advancement of
 expenses conferred by this Section 8.2 shall be contract rights and such rights s hall con t inue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
 Section 8.2(a) , except for proceedings t o enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance
 expens e s to an indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was
 authorized by the Board. 

(b) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee b y
 this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law , this Amended and Restated C e rtificate, the Bylaws , an agreement , vote of stockholders or disinterest e d directors , or otherwise. 

(c) Any repeal or amendment of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation o r b y changes in law, or the adoption of any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate
 inconsistent with this Section 8.2 , shall, unless otherwi se required by law , be prospective only except to the extent
 such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provid e broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto) , and shall not in any way diminish or ad v ersely affect any right or protection
 existing at the time of su c h repeal or amendmen t or adop t ion of s uch in c onsist e nt provisi o n in respect o f any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding is first threatened , commenced

or completed) arising out of , or related to, an y act or omission
 occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent pro v ision. 

(d) This Section 8.2 shall not limit the right of the Corporation , to the extent and in the manner authori ze d or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advan c e expenses to persons oth e r than indemnite e s. 

ARTICLE IX

 BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS; EXISTENCE

Section 9.1 G eneral . 

(a) The provisions of this Articl e IX shall apply during the period commencing upon the eff e ctiveness o f this Am e nd e d and Restated C ertificate and terminating upon the consummation of the
 Corporation s initial Business Combination and no a mendmen t t o thi s A rticle IX s hall b e e ffe c ti ve p ri or to th e co n sum ma tion o f the init ia l Bu s i nes s C ombi na tion unles s a pp ro v e d b y the affirmative vote of the
 holders of at least sixty-five percent (65 of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock . 

(b) Immediately after the Offering, a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by
 the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds of any exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) and certain other amounts spe c ified in the
 Corporation s registration statement on Form S-1, as initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC 

 on December 25, as amended (the Registration Statement ), shall be
 deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account , established for the benefit of the Public
 Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described in the Registration Statement. Excep t for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes,
 none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the
 redemption of 100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Offering and (iii) the redemption of Offering Shares in connection with
 a vote seeking to amend any provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with the Corporation s initial Business Combination or to
 redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the date of the closing of the Offering or (B) relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination ac t ivity (as described in Section 9 . 7 ). Holders of shares of
 the Corporation s Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Offering (the Offering Shares (whether such Offering Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary market
 following the Offering and whether or not such holders are Rosecliff Acquisition Sponsor I LLC (the Sponsor or
 officers or directors of the Corporation, or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as Public Stockholders. 

Section 9.2 Redemption Rights .

(a) Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, the Corporati o n shall pr o vide all holders of Offering Shares with the opportunity to have their Offering Shares redeemed (which redemption
 may be in the form of a repurchase b y the Corporation) upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to, and subject to the limitations
 of, Secti o ns and 9.2(c) (such rights of such holders to have their Offering Shares redeemed pursuant to such Sections , the Redemption Rights hereof for cash equal to the applicable redemption price per share determined in accordance with Section 9.2(b) hereof(the Redemption Price provided, however, that the Corporation shall not redeem Offering Shares to t he ext e nt that s uch redemption
 would result in the Corporation having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(l of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended (the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) of less than 5 , 000 , 001 (such limitation hereinafter called the Redemption Limitation ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Re s tated Certificate , there shall be no Redemption Rights or liquidating distributions with respect to any warrant issued
 pursuant to the Offering. 

(b) If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares other than in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business
 Combination with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (or any successor rules or regulations) and filing proxy materials with the SEC , the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination, subject to lawfully available funds therefor , in accordance with the provi s ions of Section 9.2(a) hereof pursuant to a tender offer i n
 accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the E xchange A ct (or an y successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Tender Offer Rules which it shall commence prior to the
 consummation of the initial Business Combination and shall file tender offer documents with the S EC prior t o th e consummation of the initial Business Combination that contain substantially the same financial and other information
 about the initial Business Combination and the Redemption Rights as is required under Reg u lation 14A of the Ex change Act (or any s ucce ss or rule
 or regulation) (such rule s and regulations hereinafter called the Proxy Solicitation Rules ), even if such information is not r equired unde r the Tender Offe r Rules;

pro v ided, however, that if a stockholde r vote
 is required by l a w to app r ove the propo s ed initial Bus i nes s Combination, or the Corporation decides to submit the proposed initial Business Combination t o the stockholders for their appro v al for busin e ss or other reasons, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the
 Offering Shares, subject to lawfully availabl e funds therefor, in a c cordance

wi t h the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereo f in c o nju n ction with a proxy s olicitation pu rs uan t to the P r o x y Solici t a t i o n Rules (and not the Tender
 Offer Rules) at a price per sha r e equal to the Redemption Price c a lc u lated in ac c ordance with the following p r ovisio n s of this Sec t io n 9.2(b). In the event that the Corporation offe r s to redeem the Offeri n g Shares pursuan t to a t ender offe r i n accordance with the Tender Offer Rules , the Redemption Pric e per s hare of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares tendering their Offering Shares pursuant to such tender offer shall be equal to the quotient obtained b y
 dividing : i the
 aggregate a m ount on d e posi t in th e Trust Account as of two business days prior t o the c onsum m ation of t h e init i al B us in e ss Combination, including
 interest (net of taxes pay a ble), by (ii) the total number of then outstanding Offerin g Shar e s. If the Corporati o n offers to
 redeem the Offe ri ng Shares in conjunction with a stockholde r vo t e on the propo s ed initial Business Combina t ion pu rs ua nt to a proxy solicitation , the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock
 p a y a ble to holders of the Offering Share s exer c i s ing their Redemption Ri g hts shall b e equ a l to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate amount on dep o sit in
 the T rust Ac c ount a s of t wo busin ess days prio r to th e co n s ummati o n o f th e in i t i al Business Co m bi n a t ion , including i nte res t (net o f t ax e s p a y a ble), b y (b) the total number of then outstandin g Offering Shares. 

(c) If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination
 pursuant to a proxy solicitation, a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any o ther person with whom such stockholder is
 acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section t3(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), shall be restricted from redeeming Offering Shares with respect to
 more than an aggregate of 15 of the Offering Shares without the consent of the Corporation. 

(d) In the event that the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from th e closing of the Offering, the Corporation shall (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
 ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the Offering Shares in consideration of a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on
 deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable, and less u p to 100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the
 total number of then outstanding Offering Shares , which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders (including the right to
 receive further liquidating distribu t ions, if any) , and (iii) as
 promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption , subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Board in accordance with applicable
 law, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Corporation s obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements o f applicable law. 

(e) If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination,
 the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if (i) such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted a t a stockholde r meeting held to co n sider such initial Business Combi n ation (unless a greater vote is r equired by appl i cable law o r stoc k exchange rules) and (ii) the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. 

(f) If the Corporation conducts a tender offer pursuant to Section 9.2(b) . the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial
 Business Combination only if the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. 

Section 9.3 Distributions from the Trust A c count . 

(a) A Public Stockholder shall be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only as provided in Sections 9.2(a) , 9.2(b) ,
 9.2(d) or 9.7 hereof. In no other circumstances shall a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in or to distributions from the Trust Account, and no stockholder other than a Public Stockholder shall have any
 interest in or to t he Trust Account. 

(b) Each Public Stockholder that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its interest in t he C orporation and shall be deemed to have given its consent to the release of t he remaining funds in the Trust Account to the Corporation, and following payment to any Public Stockholders exercising their Redemption Rights, the remaining funds in
 the Trust Account shall b e released to the Corporation. 

(c) The exercise by a Public Stockholder of the Redemption Rights (and any withdrawal of any exercis e of such rights) shall be conditioned on such Public Sto c kholder following the s pecific procedures for redemptions (or withdrawals, a s applicable) set forth by the Corporation in any applicable tender offer or proxy materials sent to the Corporation s Public Stockholder s relating to the proposed initial Business Combination. Payment of the amounts necessary to satisfy the Redemption Rights properly exercised shall be made as promptly as practical after the consummation of the initial
 Business Combination. 

Section 9.4 Share Is s u anc es . Prior to the consummation of the Corporation s initial Bu s in e s s Combination, the Corp ora tion shall not issue any additional shares of capital stock of the Corporation that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust Account or vote on
 any initial Business Combination or on any amendment to this Articl e IX. 

Section 9 .5 Tran s action s with Affiliate s . In the ev e nt the Co rp oration ente rs into a n initi a l Bu s in ess Combin a tion w i th a t ar get business that is affiliated with the Sponsor, or the directors or officers of th e Corporation, the Corporation, or a committee of th e indepe n dent dir e ctors o f the Corpora t ion, shall obtain an opinion fro m an indepe n den t inve stme nt banki n g firm that i s a member of t h e Financi a l Industry Regulatory Authority or from an independent accounting firm that such Business Combination is fair to the Corporation
 from a financial point of view. 

Section 9.6 No Transactions with Other Blank Check Companies . The Corporation shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with solely another blank check company or a similar
 company with nominal operations.

Section 9.7 Additional Redemption Rights . If, in accordance with Section 9.l(a) , any amendment is made to this Amended and Restated Certificate that would modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with the Corporation s initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the date of the closing of the
 Offering, or with respect to any other provision herein relating to stockholder s rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, the Public
 Stockholders shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon the approval of any such amendment, at a per-share price, payable
 in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares. The Corporation s ability to provide such opportunity is subject to
 the Redemption Limitation. 

Section 9.8 Minimum Value of Target . The Corporation s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount). 

Section 9.9 Appointment and Removal of Directors. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Amended and Restated Certificate, prior to the closing of the initial Business
 Combination, the holders of Class B Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to elect, remove and replace any director, and the holders of Class A Common Stock shall have no right to vote on the election, removal or replacement of any director. This Section 9.9 may only be amended by a resolution passed by a majority of holders of at least ninety percent (90 of the outstanding Common Stock entitled to vote thereon. 

Section 9. 10 Approval of Business Combination. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Amended and Restated Certificate, approval of the initial Business Combination
 shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, which must include a majority of the Corporation s independent directors. 

ARTICLE X

 CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY

The doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its officers or directors in circumstances where the application of any such
 doctrine to a corporate opportunity would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Amended and Restated Certificate or in the future , and the Corporation renounces any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of the
 Corporation will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to the Corporation. In addition to the foregoing, the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall not apply to any other corporate opportunity
 with respect to any of the directors or officers of the Corporation unless such corporate opportunity is offered to such person solely
 in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and such opportunity is one the Corporation is legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the
 Corporation to pursue and the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to the Corporation without

violating any legal obligation. 

ARTICLE XI

 AMENDMENT OF AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

The Corporation reserves the right to at any time and from time to time amend , alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this
 Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) , and other provisions authorized b y the laws of
 the State of Delaware at the time in force that may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed b y this Amended and Restated Certificate and the DGCL; and, except as set forth in Article VIII, all rights, preferences and privileges of whatever nature herein conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article

XI; provided , however , that Article IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate may be amended only as provided therein. 

ARTICLE XII

 EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LAWSUITS

Section 12.1 Forum . Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or
 agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting such alleged breach, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Amended and Restated Certificate or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation,
 its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim as to which the
 Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable
 party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery
 (and the indispensabl e party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten
 days following such determination), which is vested in the
 exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or arising under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder as to which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law , be the sole and exclusive forum, unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 12.1 shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of
 America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. 

Section 12.2 Consent to Jurisdiction. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 12 . 1 immediately above is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder,

such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in
 connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 12.1 immediately above (an FSC Enforcement Action and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such FSC Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

Section 12.3 Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Article XII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever , then , to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and
 of the remaining provisions of this Article XII (including, without limitation, each
 portion of any sentence of this Article XII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or
 unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions
 of this Article XII. 

[ Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I has caused this Amended and Resta t ed
 Certificate to be duly executed and acknowledged in its name and on its behalf by an authorized officer as of the date first set forth above. 

Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I

By:

/ s / Michael Murphy 

Name:

Michael Murphy

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

State o f D elaware 

 Secretary of State 

 D iv i s i on of Corpo r a ti ons 

 D el i vered 02:59 P M 12/22/2022 

FILED 02:59 PM 12/22/2022 

 S R 20224355093 - File Nu m be r 4170 7 10 

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

 TO THE

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

 OF

 ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I 

Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows: 

1. 
 
 The name of the Corporation is Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I . The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on November 17, 2020. An Amended and
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 11, 2021 (the Amended and Restated Certificate ). 

2. 
 
 This Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this Amendment has been duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation and approved by the
 Corporation s stockholders in accordance with the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate and Section 2 4 2 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
 Delaware. 

3. 
 
 This Amendment further amends the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate.

4. 
 
 This Amended and Restated Certificate is hereby amended by deleting Article IX, Section 9.l(b) in its entirety and inserting the following in lieu thereof:

(b) 

Immediately after the Offering, a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by t he Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds of any exercise of the underwriters overallotment option) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporation s registration statement on Form S-1, as initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commi ss ion (the SEC on January 2 7, 2021, as amended (the Registration Statement ), shall be deposited in a trust a ccount(the Trust Account ), established for the benefit of the Public
 Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described in the Registration Statement. Except for the withdrawal of interest t o pay
 taxes, none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including the intere s t earned on the funds held in the Tru s t Account) will be released from the Trust Account until t he earliest of i) the completion of the initial Business Combination , (ii) the
 redemption of one hundred percent (100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation is unable t o complete it s initial Busine ss Combina t ion within 36 months from the clo s ing of the Offerin g
 and (iii) the red e mption of Offering Shar es in connection with a vote seeking to amend any provisions of this Amended and Restated C e rtificat e (A) to modify the s ubstance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemption s i n connection with the Corporation s initial Business Combination or to redeem one hundr e d percent (l00 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initi a l Business Combination within 36 months from the date of the closin g of the Offering or (B) relatin g to stockhold e rs rights or pr e -initial Business Combin a tion a ctivity a s described in S e ction 9.7). Holders of
 shares of the Corporation s Common St oc k included a s part
 of the units sold in the Offe ri ng (the Offering Shares (whether s uch

Off ering Share s wer e pur ch a s ed in th e O ff eri ng o r in the secondary market following the Offering and whether or not such holders a re
 Rosecliff Acquisition Spon s or I LLC (the Sponsor or offic e rs or directors of the C orporation , or affiliate s of any o f the

 foregoing) are referred to h e r e in as Public Stockholders. 

5. 

Thi s Amended and Re s tated Certificate is hereby amend e d by deletin g Articl e IX , S e ction 9.2(d in it s entir e ty and in s erting
 the following in lieu th e reof : 

(d) 

In th e ev ent th a t the Corp o ration has not c o n s umm a ted an initi a l Busine ss Combin a tion within 36 m o nths from the closing of th e Offering , th e C orpor a ti o n sh a ll (i c e a s e a ll op e rations except fo r the purp os e o f w indi ng up , (ii) a s pro m ptly a s r e a s onably p oss ibl e but n o t mor e than t e n bu s i ness days there a fter subject to lawfull y a vail a ble funds therefor , rede e m one hundr e d p ercent
 (100 of the O fferin g Shares in consid e ration of a per-sh a re pri c e , p ay able in c a sh , equ a l to th e quo t ient obtain e d by dividing (A) th e ag gr egat e am o unt then on depo s it in t he Tru s t Accoun t, in c luding inter e st (net of
 t ax es p a y a ble , and less up to I00 , 000 o f such net inte r est to p ay dis s olution expenses), by (B) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders (including th e right to recei v e further liquidating distributions, if any) , and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Board in accordance with applicable law,
 dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Corporation s obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other
 requirements of applicable law. 

6. 

The Amended and Restated Certificate is hereby amended by deleting Article IX , Section

9.2(a) in its entirety and inserting the following in lieu thereof: 

(a) 

Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall provide all holders of Offering Shares with the opportunity to have their Offering
 Shares redeem e d (which redemption may be in the form of a repurchase by the Corporation) upon the consummation of the initial Business
 Combination pursuant to, and subject to the limitations of, Sections 9. 2 (b) and 9.2(c) (such rights of such holders to have their Offering
 Shares redeemed pursuant to such Sections , t he Redemption
 Rights hereof
 for cash equal to the applicable redemption price per share determined in accordance with Section 9.2(b) hereof (the Redemption Price . Notwiths t anding anything
 t o the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate, there shall be no Redemption Rights o r liquidating distributions with respect to any warrant issued pursuant to the Offering. 

7. 

The Amended and Restated Certificate is hereby amended by deleting Article IX, Section 9.2(e) in its entirety and inserting the following in lieu thereof: 

(e) 

If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination ,
 the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares
 of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting held to consider such initial Business Combination (unless a greater vote is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules). 

8. 

The Amended and Restated Certificate is hereby amended by deleting Article IX, Sec t ion

9.2(f) in its entirety. 

9. 

The Amended and Rest a ted Certificate is hereby amended by deleting the first
 sentenc e of Article IX, Section 9.7 in its entirety and inserting the following in lieu thereof: 

Section 9.7 Additional Redemption Rights. If, in accordance with Section 9.l (a) , any amendment is made to this
 Amended and Restated Certificate that would modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with the C o rporation s initial
 Bu s ine ss Combination or to redeem one hundred p e rcent (100 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not c o nsummated an i n itial Business Combi n ation w i thin 36 months fro m the date of the closing of the Offe r i n g, or wit h respect to any other provision herein relating to stockholder s rights or pre-initial Busin e s s Combination activity, the Public Stockholders shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upo n the app ro val o f any s uch amendment, a t a per- s hare price , payable in cash , equal to th e aggr e g a te amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (n e t of taxes pa y able) , di v id e d by the
 number o f then outs t anding Offeri n g Shares. 

10. 

The Amended and Restated Certificate is hereby amended by deleting the second senten c e o f Article IX, Section 9.7 in its entirety. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate of Amendment on this 22nd day of December, 2022.

ROSECLIFF ACQUISITION CORP I

By: 
 /s/ Michael P. Murphy 

Name: 
 
 Michael P. Murphy 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10050434_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Michael P. Murphy, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Michael P. Murphy

Michael P. Murphy

Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10050434_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Kieran Goodwin, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Kieran Goodwin

Kieran Goodwin

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10050434_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Michael P. Murphy

Michael P. Murphy

Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10050434_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 31, 2023

/s/ Kieran Goodwin

Kieran Goodwin

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rclf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rclf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rclf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rclf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rclf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

