<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_913142_0000913142-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19269302</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>264729</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3063600</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6677381</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4751196</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4174882</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000913142-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224092543
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000913142-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		149
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BELDEN INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000913142
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRAWING AND INSULATING NONFERROUS WIRE [3357]
		IRS NUMBER:				363601505
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12561
		FILM NUMBER:		23662756

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 NORTH BRENTWOOD BLVD
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-854-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 NORTH BRENTWOOD BLVD
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BELDEN CDT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040716

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CABLE DESIGN TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000913142-23-000008.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 bdc-20221231.htm
 10-K

bdc-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o . 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every interactive data file required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No o . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements 
 of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant 
 to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No . 
 At July 3, 2022, the aggregate market value of Common Stock of Belden Inc. held by non-affiliates was based on the closing price 53.00) of such stock on such date. 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Form 10-K Item No. Name of Item Page Part I Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 Item 2. Properties 
 18 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters 
 19 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 20 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 78 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 79 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 81 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 81 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 82 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 82 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 82 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 82 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 82 
 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 83 
 Signatures 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 Belden Inc. (the Company, us, we, or our) is a leading global supplier of network infrastructure solutions that makes the digital journey simpler, smarter and secure. We re moving beyond connectivity, from what we make to what we make possible through a performance-driven portfolio, forward-thinking expertise and purpose-built solutions. With a legacy of quality and reliability spanning 120-plus years, we have a strong foundation to continue building the future. Our business is organized around two global businesses, Enterprise Solutions and Industrial Automation Solutions, both of which benefit from favorable secular trends which we expect to drive future growth. Each business represents a reportable segment. Financial information about our segments appears in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We sell our products to distributors, end-users, installers, and directly to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). Belden Inc. is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1988, but the Company s roots date back to its founding by Joseph Belden in 1902. 
 As used herein, unless an operating segment is identified or the context otherwise requires, Belden, the Company , and we refer to Belden Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole. 
 Strategy and Business Model 
 Our purpose is to build the foundation for a digital world. Within Enterprise Solutions, our Smart Buildings products offer in-building wired and wireless infrastructures, fiber technology innovation, and design collaboration customization to connect people with facilities through innovative solutions for enhanced human engagement, productivity, and security. Also within Enterprise Solutions, our Broadband 5G products offer a broad portfolio of end-to-end solutions, industry-leading innovation technology, and worldwide technical service support to enable a connected, digital world through broadband and wireless innovation. Within Industrial Automation Solutions, we are uniquely positioned to support digital transformation by providing end-to-end digitization infrastructure focused on robust network infrastructure, secure remote access, accelerated IT/OT convergence, and edge data analytics. Our customers are building the future, and we build the network that makes it possible. 
 
 Segments 
 We operate our business under the two segments Enterprise Solutions and Industrial Automation Solutions. A synopsis of the segments is included below: 
 Enterprise Solutions 
 The Enterprise Solutions (Enterprise) segment is a leading provider in network infrastructure and broadband solutions, as well as cabling and connectivity solutions for commercial audio/video and security applications. We serve customers in markets such as hospitality, healthcare, education, financial, government, commercial real estate, and broadband and wireless service providers, as well as end-markets, including data centers, sport venues, stadiums, military installations, and academia. Enterprise product lines include copper cable and connectivity solutions, fiber cable and connectivity solutions, interconnect panels, racks and enclosures, and secure, high performance signal extension and matrix switching systems. 
 
 Enterprise provides true end-to-end fiber and copper network systems, which are used in applications such as local area networks, data centers, access control, 5G, Fiber to the Home and building automation. Our high-performance solutions support all networking protocols up to and including 100G+ Ethernet technologies. Enterprise s innovative products can deliver data in addition to power over Ethernet, which meets the higher performance requirements driven by the increasing number of connections in smart buildings. Enterprise products also include intelligent power, cooling, and airflow management for mission-critical data center operations. The Enterprise product portfolio is designed to support Internet Protocol convergence, the increased use of wireless communications, and cloud-based data centers by our customers. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial Automation Solutions 
 The Industrial Automation Solutions (Industrial Automation) segment is a leading provider of high performance networking and machine connectivity products. Industrial Automation products include physical network and fieldbus infrastructure components and on-machine connectivity systems to meet end user and OEM needs. Products are designed to provide reliability and confidence of performance for a wide range of industrial automation applications. The products are used in markets that include discrete automation, process automation, energy and mass transit. Applications include network and fieldbus infrastructure; sensor and actuator connectivity; and power, control, and data transmission. Industrial Automation products include solutions such as industrial Ethernet switches, network management software, routers, firewalls, gateways, input/output (I/O) connectors/systems, industrial Ethernet cables, optical fiber industrial Ethernet cables, Fieldbus cables, IP and networking cables, I/O modules, distribution boxes, and customer specific wiring solutions. 
 
 Our industrial cable products are used in discrete manufacturing and process operations involving the connection of computers, programmable controllers, robots, operator interfaces, motor drives, sensors, printers, and other devices. Many industrial environments, such as petrochemical and other harsh-environment operations, require cables with exterior armor or jacketing that can endure physical abuse and exposure to chemicals, extreme temperatures, and outside elements. Other applications require conductors, insulation, and jacketing materials that can withstand repeated flexing. In addition to cable product configurations for these applications, we supply heat-shrinkable tubing and wire management products to protect and organize wire and cable assemblies. Our industrial connector products are primarily used as sensor and actuator connections in factory automation supporting various fieldbus protocols as well as power connections in building automation. These products are used both as components of manufacturing equipment and in the installation and networking of such equipment. Industrial Automation products are sold directly to industrial equipment OEMs and through a network of industrial distributors, value-added resellers, and system integrators. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our segments. 
 Acquisitions 
 A key part of our business strategy includes acquiring companies to support our growth and enhance our product portfolio. Our acquisition strategy is based on targeting leading companies that offer innovative products that complement our existing solutions and strong brands. We utilize a disciplined approach to acquisitions based on product and market opportunities. When we identify acquisition candidates, we conduct rigorous financial and cultural analyses to make certain that they meet both our strategic plan targets and our goal for return on invested capital. 
 We have completed a number of acquisitions in recent years as part of this strategy. Most recently, in April 2022, we acquired Communication Associates, Inc. (CAI), a leading designer and manufacturer of various plug-in radio frequency filters used in outside plant hybrid fiber-coax nodes. In March 2022, we acquired NetModule AG (NetModule), a leading provider of reliable, fast, and secure wireless network infrastructures, with advanced capabilities in 5G and WiFi6 technologies used in a variety of mission critical industries, but most notably, the mass transit and intelligent traffic systems within the transportation vertical. In January 2022, we acquired macmon secure GmbH (Macmon), a leading provider of products and services that secure network infrastructures in a variety of mission critical industries . I n January 2021, we acquired OTN Systems N.V. (OTN Systems), a leading provider of automation networking infrastructure solutions. The results of CAI have been included in our Consolidated Financial Statements as of the acquisition date and are reported within the Enterprise Solutions segment. The results of NetModule, Macmon and OTN Systems have been included in our Consolidated Financial Statements from their respective acquisition dates and are reported within the Industrial Automation Solutions segment. For more information regarding these transactions, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Customers 
 We sell to distributors, OEMs, installers, and end-users. For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales to our largest distributor represented approximately 15 of our consolidated revenues. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenues in 2022. 
 We have supply agreements with distributors and OEM customers. In general, our customers are not contractually obligated to buy our products exclusively, in minimum amounts, or for a significant period of time. We believe that our relationships with our customers and distributors are good and that they are loyal to Belden products as a result of our reputation, the breadth of our product portfolio, the quality and performance characteristics of our products, and our customer service and technical support, among other reasons. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 International Operations 
 In addition to manufacturing facilities in the United States (U.S.), we have manufacturing and other operating facilities in Canada, China, India, Mexico, and Tunisia, as well as various countries in Europe . During 2022, approximately 44 of Belden s sales were to customers outside the U.S. Our primary channels to international markets include both distributors and direct sales to end users and OEMs. Financial information for Belden by country is shown in Note 6 to the Co nsolidated Financial Statements. 
 Competition 
 The markets in which we operate can be generally categorized as highly competitive with many players. In order to maximize our competitive advantages, we manage our product portfolio to capitalize on secular trends and high-growth applications in those markets. Based on available data for our served markets, we estimate that our market share across our segments is significant, ranging from approximately 5 to 15 . A substantial acquisition in one of our served markets would be necessary to meaningfully change our estimated market share percentage. 
 The principal competitive factors in all our product markets are technical features, quality, availability, price, customer support, and distribution coverage. The relative importance of each of these factors varies depending on the customer. Some products are manufactured to meet published industry specifications and are less differentiated on the basis of product characteristics. We believe that Belden stands out in many of our markets on the basis of the breadth of our product portfolio, the quality and performance characteristics of our products, our customer service, and our technical support. 
 Research and Development 
 We conduct research and development on an ongoing basis, including new and existing hardware and software product development, testing and analysis, and process and equipment development and testing. See the Consolidated Statements of Operations for amounts incurred for research and development. Many of the markets we serve are characterized by advances in information processing and communications capabilities, including advances driven by the expansion of digital technology, which require increased transmission speeds and greater bandwidth. Our markets are also subject to increasing requirements for mobility, information security, and transmission reliability. We believe that our future success will depend in part upon our ability to enhance existing products and to develop, manufacture and deliver new products that meet or anticipate such changes in our served markets. 
 
 In our Industrial Automation Solutions segment, customers are rapidly adopting new technology to enable digital transformations and improve their environmental impact. This includes deploying Industry 4.0 to increase visibility of their digitized assets and adopting Artificial Intelligence (AI) to increase analytics and autonomous decision-making in their systems. These approaches need users to refine workflows by collecting data from disparate sources, transmitting it to points of consolidation and decision making, and converting it to standard formats that application software can use. This overall process can be referred to as "digitization" and a key part of our research and development is focused on supporting these customer journeys with technology that adds value at multiple steps in the digitization process, during data acquisition, data transmission, and data orchestration and management. Our research and development enables customized enhanced solutions to support customers' innovative methods surrounding the collection, analysis, and transmission of data. 
 
 There is a growing trend toward adoption of Industrial Ethernet technology, bringing to the critical infrastructure the advantages of digital communication and the ability to network devices made by different manufacturers and integrate them with enterprise systems. While the adoption of this technology is at a more advanced stage in certain regions of the world, we believe that the trend will globalize. 
 
 Enterprise Solutions R D efforts are aligned to the secular trends in our markets for increased communication at faster speeds of transmission. This phenomenon is visible across all of our markets. We continue to invest in R D to support the continuing growth in capacity and bandwidth between the data center and the consumer to enhance their experience in their living, working and recreational interactions. 
 
 To support the demand for additional bandwidth and to improve service integrity, broadband service providers will continue to invest in their networks to enhance delivery capabilities to customers for the foreseeable future. The growing bandwidth demand exposes bottlenecks in the network and leads broadband service operators to improve and upgrade residential networks with higher performance connectivity products. Broadband service providers are also investing in the deployment of 5G technology. Our R D efforts are focused on the development of fiber connectivity and 5G solutions that support the investment plans of the broadband service providers. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

The ability to integrate across the multitude of applications within service providers and on-premise networks requires a deep understanding of the unique challenges posed by heavier and faster transmission of data. Common across the Enterprise Solutions segment, our R D efforts are focused on ensuring continuously evolving solutions, be it copper and coax cable or fiber optic cable and connectivity as it becomes more pervasive across all networks including wireless. We anticipate the need to develop the ability to customize networks in the various systems in close collaboration with our partners to advise our mutual end customers. 
 
 Our research and development has a strong focus on improving the performance of fiber optic technology, making it easier to handle and install, more robust for technicians and end users, leading to networks that can be deployed more quickly, with higher performance and reliability. Even with the explosive growth in fiber, connections to the end devices that consumers utilize to live, work and play, be it wireless access points or IoT devices, are still going to strongly benefit from the remaining advantages of copper-based connectivity, with a heavy focus on powering the ever-increasing collection of data consuming and generating devices connected to our increasingly digitized world. Building automation and the rapid rise of IoT has catalyzed the need to add more devices on the network. This is turn necessitates the distribution of power across the network. There will be a need for solutions offering power to these distributed devices and the Enterprise Solutions segment continues to innovate in this area in preparation for a world with a need to upgrade legacy systems as we build greenfield installations. 
 Patents and Trademarks 
 
 We have a practice of seeking patents when appropriate on inventions concerning new products, product improvements, and advances in equipment and processes as part of our ongoing research, development, and manufacturing activities. We own many patents and registered trademarks worldwide that are used by our operating segments, with pending applications for numerous others. We consider our patents and trademarks to be valuable assets. Our most prominent trademarks are: Belden , Alpha Wire , GarrettCom , Hirschmann , Lumberg Automation , Mohawk , OTN Systems , PPC , ProSoft Technology , Thinklogical , Tofino , and West Penn Wire . 
 Raw Materials 
 The principal raw material used in many of our cable products is copper. Other materials we purchase in large quantities include fluorinated ethylene-propylene (FEP), polyvinyl chloride (PVC), polyethylene, aluminum-clad steel and copper-clad steel conductors, aluminum, brass, other metals, optical fiber, printed circuit boards, and electronic components. With respect to all major raw materials used by us, we generally have either alternative sources of supply or access to alternative materials. 
 Over the past three years, the prices of metals, particularly copper, have been highly volatile. The chart below illustrates the high and low spot prices per pound of copper over the last three years. 
 2022 2021 2020 Copper spot prices per pound High 
 4.93 4.78 3.63 Low 
 3.21 3.54 2.12 
 Prices for materials such as PVC and other plastics derived from petrochemical feedstocks have also fluctuated. Since Belden utilizes the first in, first out (FIFO) inventory costing methodology, the impact of copper and other raw material cost changes on our cost of goods sold is delayed by approximately two months based on our rate of inventory turnover. 
 While we generally are able to adjust our pricing for fluctuations in commodity prices, we can experience short-term favorable or unfavorable variances. When the cost of raw materials increases, we are generally able to recover these costs through higher pricing of our finished products. The majority of our products are sold through distribution, and we manage the pricing of these products through published price lists, which we update from time to time, with new prices typically taking effect a few weeks after they are announced. Some OEM customer contracts have provisions for passing through raw material cost changes, generally with a lag of a few weeks to three months. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 Backlog 
 Our business is characterized generally by short-term order and shipment schedules. Our backlog consists of product orders for which we have received a customer purchase order or purchase commitment and which have not yet been shipped. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our backlog wa s 800.4 million and 665.2 million, respectively. The majority of the backlog at December 31, 2022 is scheduled to ship in 2023. 
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state, provincial, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the storage, handling, emission, and discharge of materials into the environment, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act; the Clean Water Act; the Clean Air Act; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act; and similar laws in the other countries in which we operate. While we believe that our existing environmental control procedures are adequate, we will continue to evaluate and update our procedures as needed to address new or changing aspects of environmental matters. 
 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) at Belden 
 
 Belden believes in creating shared value for all our stakeholders, including our employees, customers, the communities we touch across our value chain, and the planet. Responsible stewardship, managing our climate impacts, and driving sustainability through innovation is core to our business strategy. 
 
 We are dedicated to making progress towards our 2025 goals for the topics most material to our business and are working across our operations to further integrate ESG matters into how we operate. As part of our efforts towards stakeholder transparency, we look forward to sharing our progress and work under way in our inaugural ESG Report, which we expect to publish during 2023. 
 
 Our ESG matters are overseen by our Board of Directors through the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Belden s ESG Steering Committee manages our global ESG strategy and implementation. For more information on our approach to ESG, visit https://www.belden.com/resources/sustainability. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 Our employees well-being is directly associated with our success. We prioritize fostering an equitable and supportive culture that incorporates diversity and inclusion across our entire value chain. Priority areas for our Human Capital Management strategy are Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI), Employee Growth Development, and Employee Well-Being Engagement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our global team members totaled 8,000 employees of which 25 are in the United States, 4 in Canada, 11 in China, 3 in India, 23 in Mexico, and 28 in the European Union. Of our workforce, 38 identify as women and they represent 22 of the senior management and 33 of our Board of Directors. Individuals of ethnically diverse backgrounds make up 24 of our U.S. workforce and 11 of our Board of Directors. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) 
 
 At Belden, we are dedicated to creating a culture of equity, inclusivity and diversity for the people that we employ. Under the guidance of our Vice President of Diversity, Equity Inclusion, the Authentic Voices for Inclusion and Diversity (AVID) Council supports our workplace culture and diversity initiatives across the company. Our Human Resources, Talent Acquisition teams and Business Units also hold meetings throughout the year to ensure alignment with our DEI strategy to practice and uphold our commitment to diversity throughout the Company. We are also a proud signatory of the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion pledge. 
 
 Employee Growth Development 
 
 We believe in the potential of our employees and the importance of providing career development opportunities within our Company for those who wish to learn and grow with us. We continue to live our value of We Invest in Talent with 74 of our top 150 positions being filled with people that have been promoted from within. Moreover, our Early Career Leadership Program (ECLP) gives us the ability to recruit and retain high caliber candidates at an early stage with 22 graduates in 2022. We also extend offers to high performing interns from our internship program to participate in our ECLP. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Employee Well-Being Engagement 
 
 To ensure we are working towards the betterment of our employees well-being, we conduct a bi-annual employee engagement survey, for which we saw a 83 participation rate in 2022 with an overall sustainable engagement score of 88 . Voluntary turnover of management and professional staff remained low at 10 while the overall company Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) and Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) were 0.41 and 0.55, respectively. 
 
 The Be Well program that formally launched in the United States now encompasses our entire operational footprint to support our workforce s physical, emotional, social, and financial wellbeing with almost 50 of our workforce participating. Once again, we are recognized as a Great Place to Work in various global locations, including Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Mexico, Singapore, Spain, United Kingdom, and the United States a testament of Belden s commitment to our employees. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports, proxy statements, and other information contain additional information about us. These electronic SEC filings are available on the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov . 
 Belden maintains an Internet web site at www.belden.com where our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and all amendments to those reports and statements are available without charge, as soon as reasonably practicable following the time they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. We will provide upon written request and without charge a printed copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. To obtain such a copy, please write to the Corporate Secretary, Belden Inc., 1 North Brentwood Boulevard, 15 th Floor, St. Louis, MO 63105. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the persons who were Belden executive officers as of February 24, 2023. All executive officers are elected to terms that expire at the organizational meeting of the Board of Directors following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 Name Age Position Ashish Chand 48 President and Chief Executive Officer Brian Anderson 48 Senior Vice President, Legal, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Brian Lieser 57 Executive Vice President, Industrial Automation Solutions Anshu Mehrotra 52 Executive Vice President, Broadband 5G Jeremy Parks 47 Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer Leah Tate 46 Senior Vice President, Human Resources Doug Zink 47 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Ashish Chand was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer on February 22, 2023. Dr. Chand joined Belden in 2002, and most recently served as the Company's Executive Vice President of Industrial Automation Solutions since July 2019, and Managing Director of Belden Asia Pacific from August 2017. Over the course of his tenure with Belden, he has held roles across several functions, including sales and marketing and operations in both Asia and North America. Dr. Chand has played a pivotal role in developing and executing Belden's long-term growth agenda, solutions and product strategy, and go-to-market efforts. He made key contributions towards establishing and growing Belden throughout the Asia Pacific region, including setting up manufacturing in China and India. Dr. Chand holds a BA in Economics from Loyola College, Chennai, India, an MBA from XLRI Jamshedpur, India, and a Doctorate of Business Administration from the City University of Hong Kong. 
 
 Brian Anderson has been Senior Vice President, Le gal, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since April 2015. Prior to that, he served as Corporate Attorney for the Company from May 2008 through March 2015. Prior to joining Belden, Mr. Anderson was in private practice at the law firm Lewis Rice in St. Louis. Mr. Anderson has a B.S.B. degree in Accounting and an M.B.A. from Eastern Illinois University and holds a J.D. from Washington University in St. Louis School of Law. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Brian Lieser was appointed Executive Vice President, Industrial Automation Solutions on February 22, 2023. Prior to that, he served as Vice President of Global Products of Industrial Automation Solutions where he was responsible for product strategy, roadmap, and development as well as domestic and international growth, particularly within Asia and Europe. Mr. Lieser joined the Company in 2009 and has assumed positions of increasing responsibility primarily within the Industrial Automation Solutions segment. Previously, Mr. Lieser held positions at Rockwell Automation, Rosemount, and MTS Systems. Mr. Lieser holds a Bachelor of Science in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Minnesota and an MBA in Marketing from the University of St. Thomas. 
 
 Anshu Mehrotra was appointed Executive Vice President, Broadband 5G in August 2022. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing since January 2021. Prior to joining Belden, he was Group President for Welding at Illinois Tool Works (ITW), leading the global Industrial Welding platform. Prior to ITW, he has had a number of leadership roles in general management and sales at Ingersoll Rand, Allegion and Johnson Controls. He has a B.S. in Electronics Engineering from Delhi University, an M.S. in Industrial Engineering from Northern Illinois University and an M.B.A. from Northwestern University at Kellogg School of Management. 
 
 Jeremy Parks was appointed Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer in February 2021. Prior to re-joining Belden in 2021, Mr. Parks worked as the Chief Financial Officer of International Wire Corp. From 2008 through August of 2020, Mr. Parks worked for the Company in various financial roles, most recently as Vice President of Finance of the Company s Industrial Solutions segment. Mr. Parks has a B.A. and M.A. in economics from State University of New York Buffalo, and an M.B.A from Xavier University. 
 
 Leah Tate was appointed Senior Vice President, Human Resources in March 2022. Prior to that, she served as the Vice President, Human Resources for the Company s Industrial Automation platform as well as in other roles in the human resources organization. Prior to joining Belden, Ms. Tate held human resource roles in the Pulte Group and Ingersoll Rand. Ms. Tate holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Management and a Master of Science degree in Human Resource Management from Purdue University. 
 
 Doug Zink has been Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since September 2013. Prior to that, he has served as the Company s Vice President, Internal Audit; Corporate Controller; and Director of Financial Reporting, after joining Belden in May 2007. Prior to joining the Company, he was a Financial Reporting Manager at TLC Vision Corporation, an eye care service company, from 2004 to 2007, and has five years of experience in public accounting with KPMG LLP and Arthur Andersen LLP. He holds Bachelor s and Master s Degrees in Accounting from Texas Christian University and is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 We make forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in other materials we file with the SEC or otherwise release to the public, and on our website. In addition, our senior management might make forward-looking statements orally to investors, analysts, the media, and others. Statements concerning our future operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, future economic performance (including growth and earnings) and demand for our products and services, and other statements of our plans, beliefs, or expectations, including the statements contained in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. In some cases these statements are identifiable through the use of words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, forecast, guide, expect, intend, plan, project, target, can, could, may, should, will, would, and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements we make are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various assumptions, risks, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, those set forth in the following section and in the other documents that we file with the SEC. 
 We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Following is a discussion of some of the more significant risks that could materially impact our business. There may be additional risks that impact our business that we currently do not recognize as, or that are not currently, material to our business. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Business and Operational Risks 
 
 A challenging global economic environment or a downturn in the markets we serve could adversely affect our operating results and stock price in a material manner. 
 
 A challenging global economic environment could cause substantial reductions in our revenue and results of operations as a result of weaker demand by the end users of our products and price erosion. Price erosion may occur through competitors becoming more aggressive in pricing practices. A challenging global economy could also make it difficult for our customers, our vendors, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. Our customers could also face issues gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could have an adverse effect on our results if such events cause reductions in revenues, delays in collection, or write-offs of receivables. Further, the demand for many of our products is economically sensitive and will vary with general economic activity, trends in nonresidential construction, investment in manufacturing facilities and automation, demand for information technology equipment, and other economic factors. 
 
 Global economic uncertainty could result in a significant decline in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which could result in a significant adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations; could make it difficult for our customers and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities; and could cause our customers to slow or reduce spending on our products and services. Economic uncertainty could also arise from fiscal policy changes in the countries in which we operate. 
 
 Changes in foreign currency rates and commodity prices can impact the buying power of our customers. For example, a strengthened U.S. dollar can result in relative price increases for our products for customers outside of the U.S., which can have a negative impact on our revenues and results of operations. Furthermore, customers ability to invest in capital expenditures, such as our products, can depend upon proceeds from commodities, such as oil and gas markets. A decline in energy prices, therefore, can have a negative impact on our revenues and results of operations. 
 
 The global markets in which we operate are highly competitive. 
 
 We face competition from other manufacturers for each of our global business platforms and in each of our geographic regions. These companies compete on technical features, quality, availability, price, customer support, and distribution coverage. Some multinational competitors have greater engineering, financial, manufacturing, and marketing resources than we have. Actions that may be taken by competitors, including pricing, business alliances, new product introductions, intellectual property advantages, market penetration, and other actions, could have a negative effect on our revenues and profitability. Moreover, some competitors that are highly leveraged both financially and operationally could become more aggressive in their pricing of products. 
 
 Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop and introduce new products and respond to changes in customer preferences. 
 
 Our markets are characterized by the introduction of products with increasing technological capabilities. Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new products and adapting existing products to meet evolving customer expectations requires high levels of innovation, and the development process may be lengthy and costly. If we are not able to timely anticipate, identify, develop and market products that respond to rapidly changing customer preferences, demand for our products could decline. 
 
 The relative costs and merits of our solutions could change in the future as various competing technologies address the market opportunities. We believe that our future success will depend in part upon our ability to enhance existing products and to develop and manufacture new products that meet or anticipate technological changes, which will require continued investment in engineering, research and development, capital equipment, marketing, customer service, and technical support. We have long been successful in introducing successive generations of more capable products, but if we were to fail to keep pace with technology or with the products of competitors, we might lose market share and harm our reputation and position as a technology leader in our markets. See the discussion above in Part I, Item 1, under Research and Development . 

9 

Table of Contents 

 We may be unable to achieve our goals related to revenue growth. 
 
 In order to meet the goals in our strategic plan, we must execute our Market Delivery System ("MDS") and grow our business, both organically and through acquisitions. We may be unable to achieve our goals due to a failure to identify growth opportunities, such as trends and technological changes in our end markets. The enterprise and industrial end markets we serve may not experience the growth we expect. Further, those markets may be unable to sustain growth on a long-term basis, particularly in emerging markets. If we are unable to achieve our goals related to revenue growth, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 We may be unable to implement our strategic plan successfully. 
 
 Our strategic plan is designed to continually enhance shareholder value by improving revenues and profitability, reducing costs, and improving working capital management. To achieve these goals, our strategic priorities are reliant on our Belden Business System, which includes continuing deployment of our MDS to capture market share through end-user engagement, channel management, outbound marketing, and careful vertical market selection; improving our recruitment and development of talented associates; developing strong global business platforms; acquiring businesses that fit our strategic plan; and continuing to be a leading Lean company. We have a disciplined process for deploying this strategic plan through our associates. There is a risk that we may not be successful in developing or executing these measures to achieve the expected results for a variety of reasons, including market developments, economic conditions, shortcomings in establishing appropriate action plans, or challenges with executing multiple initiatives simultaneously. For example, our MDS initiative may not succeed or we may lose market share due to challenges in choosing the right products to market or the right customers for these products, integrating products of acquired companies into our sales and marketing strategy, or strategically bidding against OEM partners. We may fail to identify growth opportunities. We may not be able to acquire businesses that fit our strategic plan on acceptable business terms, and we may not achieve our other strategic priorities. 
 
 Our results of operations are subject to foreign and domestic political, social, economic, and other uncertainties and are affected by changes in currency exchange rates. 
 
 In addition to manufacturing and other operating facilities in the U.S., we have manufacturing and other operating facilities in Canada, China, India, Mexico, and several European countries. We rely on suppliers in many countries, including China. Our foreign operations are subject to economic, social, and political risks inherent in maintaining operations abroad such as economic and political destabilization, land use risks, international conflicts, pandemics and other health-related crises, restrictive actions by foreign governments, and adverse foreign tax laws. In addition to economic and political risk, a risk associated with our European manufacturing operations is the higher relative expense and length of time required to adjust manufacturing employment capacity. We also face political risks in the U.S., including tax or regulatory risks or potential adverse impacts from legislative impasses over, or significant legislative, regulatory or executive changes in fiscal or monetary policy and other foreign and domestic government policies, including, but not limited to, trade policies and import/export policies. 
 
 Approximately 44 of our sales are outside the U.S. Other than the U.S. dollar, the principal currencies to which we are exposed through our manufacturing operations, sales, and related cash holdings are the euro, the Canadian dollar, the Hong Kong dollar, the Chinese yuan, the Mexican peso, the Australian dollar, the British pound and Indian rupee. Generally, we have revenues and costs in the same currency, thereby reducing our overall currency risk, although any realignment of our manufacturing capacity among our global facilities could alter this balance. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies, the results of our non-U.S. operations are translated at a lower exchange rate and thus into lower reported revenues and earnings. 
 
 Supply chain issues, including scarcity of raw materials or other components necessary to produce the products we manufacture, could increase costs or cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders, and could adversely affect our future results of operations and our overall financial performance. 
 
 The Company relies on an extended supply chain and the availability of certain raw materials, including but not limited to copper, to produce a significant amount of our products. A reduction or interruption in supply, including interruptions due to COVID-19 or geopolitical unrest beyond the Company s control, an inability to procure quality raw materials in a cost effective manner and constrain volatile materials costs, a failure to monitor contract compliance to ensure and sustain sourcing savings, a failure to procure adequate inventory or raw materials from our suppliers, or regulatory changes may lead to delays in manufacturing and increases in costs. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortages that could materially adversely affect the Company s financial condition and operating results. While the Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all. Component suppliers may suffer from poor financial conditions, which can lead to business failure for the supplier or consolidation within a particular industry, further limiting the Company s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms. Health crises, like the COVID-19 pandemic, could lead to quarantines or labor shortages, thus impacting the output of key suppliers. If the Company s supply of components for a new or existing product were delayed or constrained, or if an outsourcing partner delayed shipments of completed products to the Company, the Company s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. The Company s business and financial performance could also be materially adversely affected depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the original source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source. Similarly, if the Company s customers experience production challenges due to the inability to obtain certain components, this may negatively impact the customers ordering patterns from the Company. 
 
 The presence of substitute products in the marketplace may reduce demand for our products and negatively impact our business. 
 
 Fiber optic systems are increasingly substitutable for copper-based cable systems. Customers may shift demand to fiber optic systems with greater capabilities than copper-based cable systems, leading to a reduction in demand for copper-based cable. We may not be able to offset the effects of a reduction in demand for our copper-based cable systems with an increase in demand for our existing fiber optic systems. Further, the supply chain in the fiber market is highly constrained, with a small number of vertically integrated firms controlling critical inputs and the related intellectual property. Similarly, in our non-cable businesses, customers could rapidly shift the methods by which they capture and transmit signals in ways that could lead to decreased demand for our current or future products. These factors, either together or in isolation, may negatively impact revenue and profitability. 
 
 Cyber security incidents have and could in the future interfere with our business and operations. 
 
 Computer hacking, malware, phishing, and spamming attacks against online networking platforms have become more prevalent. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific attack or interruption, such events could also be expensive to remedy, harm our reputation or brands, and/or lead users to lose trust and confidence in our business. We, and others on our behalf, also store personally identifiable information PII with respect to employees, vendors, customers, and others. While we have implemented safeguards to protect the privacy of this information, it is possible that hackers or others might obtain this information in the future, as occurred in 2020. Based on this occurrence or any future occurrence, in addition to having to take potentially costly remedial action, we may also be subject to fines, penalties, lawsuits, and reputational damage. 
 
 Furthermore, we rely on our information systems and those of third parties for storing proprietary company information about our products and intellectual property, as well as for processing customer orders, manufacturing and shipping products, billing our customers, tracking inventory, supporting accounting functions and financial statement preparation, paying our employees, and otherwise running our business. In addition, we may need to enhance our information systems to provide additional capabilities and functionality. The implementation of new information systems and enhancements is frequently disruptive to the underlying business of an enterprise. Any disruptions affecting our ability to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis could adversely affect our business in a number of respects. If we are unable to successfully implement potential future information systems enhancements, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Our revenue for any particular period can be difficult to forecast. 
 
 Our revenue for any particular period can be difficult to forecast, especially in light of the challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment and related market uncertainty. Our revenue may grow at a slower rate than in past periods or even decline on a year-over-year basis. Changes in market growth rates can have a significant effect on our operating results. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 The timing of orders for customer projects can also have a significant effect on our operating results in the period in which the products are shipped and recognized as revenue. The timing of such projects is difficult to predict, and the timing of revenue recognition from such projects may affect period to period changes in revenue. As a result, our operating results could vary materially from quarter to quarter based on the receipt of such orders and their ultimate recognition as revenue. Similarly, we are often informed by our customers well in advance that such customer intends to place an order related to a specific project in a given quarter. Such a customer s timeline for execution of the project, and the resulting purchase order, may be unexpectedly delayed to a future quarter, or cancelled. The frequency of such delays can be difficult to predict. As a result, it is difficult to precisely forecast revenue and operating results for future quarters. 
 
 In addition, our revenue can be difficult to forecast due to unexpected changes in the level of our products held as inventory by our channel partners and customers. Our channel partners and customers purchase and hold our products in their inventory in order to meet the service and on-time delivery requirements of their customers. As our channel partners and customers change the level of Belden products owned and held in their inventory, our revenue is impacted. As we are dependent upon our channel partners and customers to provide us with information regarding the amount of our products that they own and hold in their inventory, unexpected changes can occur and impact our revenue forecast. 
 
 We may experience significant variability in our quarterly and annual effective tax rate which would affect our reported net income. 
 
 We have a complex tax profile due to the global nature of our operations, which encompass multiple taxing jurisdictions. Variability in the mix and profitability of domestic and international activities, identification and resolution of various tax uncertainties, changes in tax laws and rates, and the extent to which we are able to realize net operating loss and other carryforwards included in deferred tax assets and avoid potential adverse outcomes included in deferred tax liabilities, among other matters, may significantly affect our effective income tax rate in the future. 
 
 Our effective income tax rate is the result of the income tax rates in the various countries in which we do business. Our mix of income and losses in these jurisdictions affects our effective tax rate. For example, relatively more income in higher tax rate jurisdictions would increase our effective tax rate and thus lower our net income. Similarly, if we generate losses in tax jurisdictions for which no benefits are available our effective income tax rate will increase. Our effective income tax rate may also be impacted by the recognition of discrete income tax items, such as required adjustments to our liabilities for uncertain tax positions or our deferred tax asset valuation allowance. A significant increase in our effective income tax rate could have a material adverse impact on our earnings. 
 
 The increased prevalence of cloud computing and other disruptive business models may negatively impact certain aspects of our business. 
 
 The nature in which many of our products are purchased or used is evolving with the increasing prevalence of cloud computing and other methods of off-premises computing and data storage. This may negatively impact one or more of our businesses in a number of ways, including: 
 Consolidation of procurement power leading to the commoditization of IT products; 
 Reduction in the demand for infrastructure products previously used to support on-site data centers; 
 Lowering barriers to entry for certain markets, leading to new market entrants and enhanced competition; and 
 Preferences for software as a service billing and pricing models may reduce demand for non-cloud packaged software. 
 
 We may have difficulty integrating the operations of acquired businesses, which could negatively affect our results of operations, profitability, and achievement of our strategic plan. 
 
 As part of our strategic plan initiatives, we periodically execute acquisitions and divestitures. The extent to which appropriate acquisitions are made will affect our overall growth, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. Our ability to acquire businesses successfully will decline if we are unable to identify appropriate acquisition targets, competition among potential buyers increases, the cost of acquiring suitable businesses becomes too expensive, or we lack sufficient sources of capital. As a result, we may be unable to make acquisitions or be forced to pay more or agree to less advantageous acquisition terms for companies we would like to acquire. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We may also have difficulty integrating acquired businesses or future acquisitions may be unable to meet our performance expectations. Some of the integration challenges we might face include differences in corporate culture and management styles, additional or conflicting governmental regulations, compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, financial reporting that is not in compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, disparate company policies and practices, customer relationship issues, and retention of key personnel. Furthermore, we may be unable to integrate operations successfully or cost-effectively, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations or our profitability. 
 
 If we are unable to retain key employees, our business operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The loss of key employees could have an adverse effect on us. We may not be able to find qualified replacements for these individuals and the integration of potential replacements may be disruptive to our business. More broadly, a key determinant of our success is our ability to attract, develop, and retain talented associates. While this is one of our strategic priorities, we may not be able to succeed in this regard. 
 
 The increased influence of chief information officers and similar high-level executives may negatively impact demand for our products. 
 
 As a result of the increasing interconnectivity of a wide variety of systems, chief information officers and similar executives are more heavily involved in operation areas that have not historically been associated with information technology. As a result, CIOs and IT departments are exercising influence over the procurement and purchasing process at the expense of engineers, plant managers and operation personnel that have historically driven demand for many of our products. When making purchasing decisions, CIO s often value interoperability, standardization, cloud-readiness and security over domain expertise and niche application knowledge. As a result of the influences of CIOs and IT departments, we may face increased competition from IT-industry companies that have not traditionally had major presences in the markets in which we operate. Further, the variance in considerations that drive purchasing decisions between CIOs and those with niche application expertise may result in increased competition based on price and a reduction in demand for our products. 
 
 Alterations to our product mix and go-to-market strategies designed to respond to the changes in the marketplace presented by cloud computing may be disruptive to our business and lead to increase expenses, which may result in lower revenues and profitability. Further, if a competitor is able to more quickly or efficiently adapt, or if cloud computing results in significantly lower barriers to entry and new competitors enter our markets, demand for our products may be reduced. 
 
 Our revenue and profits would likely decline, at least temporarily, if we were to lose a key distributor. 
 
 We rely on several key distributors in marketing our products. Distributors purchase the products of our competitors along with our products. Our largest distributor, WESCO, accounted for approximately 15 of our revenue in 2022 and our top eight distributors, including WESCO, accounted for a total of 34 of our reven ue in 2022. If we were to lose one of these key distributors, our revenue and profits would likely decline, at least temporarily. Changes in the inventory levels of our products owned and held by our distributors can result in significant variability in our revenues. Further, certain distributors are allowed to return certain inventory in exchange for an order of equal or greater value. We have recorded reserves for the estimated impact of these inventory policies. 
 
 Consolidation of our distributors could adversely impact our revenues and earnings. It could also result in consolidation of distributor inventory, which would temporarily depress our revenues. We have also experienced financial failure of distributors from time to time, resulting in our inability to collect accounts receivable in full. A global economic downturn could cause financial difficulties (including bankruptcy) for our distributors and other customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Actions of activists could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 From time to time, we may be subject to proposals by activists urging us to take certain actions. If activist activities ensue, our business could be adversely affected because responding and reacting to actions by activists can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations and divert the attention of management and our employees. For example, we may be required to retain the services of various professionals to advise us on activist matters, including legal, financial and communications advisors, the costs of which may negatively impact our future financial results. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy or leadership created as a consequence of activist initiatives may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new investors, customers, employees, and joint venture partners, and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility. 
 
 Perceived failure of our signal transmission solutions to provide expected results may result in negative publicity and harm our business and operating results. 
 
 Our customers use our signal transmission solutions in a wide variety of IT systems and application environments in order to help reduce security vulnerabilities and demonstrate compliance. Despite our efforts to make clear in our marketing materials and customer agreements the capabilities and limitations of these products, some customers may incorrectly view the deployment of such products in their IT infrastructure as a guarantee that there will be no security incident or policy non-compliance event. As a result, the occurrence of a high profile security incident, or a failure by one of our customers to pass a regulatory compliance IT audit, could result in public and customer perception that our solutions are not effective and harm our business and operating results, even if the occurrence is unrelated to the use of such products or if the failure is the result of actions or inactions on the part of the customer. 
 
 General Industry and Economic Risks 
 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continued to materially affect how we and our customers operated our businesses in 2022, and the duration and extent to which this or future epidemics, pandemics or other major disasters will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. 
 
 In December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 was first reported and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic that has yet to fully recede. The widespread health crisis is adversely affecting the broader economies, financial markets and may adversely affect the overall demand environment for many of our products. 
 
 Our operations and the operations of our suppliers, channel partners and customers were and continue to be disrupted to varying degrees by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic, some of which are not within our control. Many governments imposed, and may yet impose or may re-impose, a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement or congregation of people in order to limit the spread of COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and likely will continue to have, an impact on the attendance and productivity of our employees, and those of our channel partners or customers, resulting in negative impacts to our results of operations and overall financial performance. Additionally, COVID-19 has resulted, and may result in future periods, in delays in non-residential construction, non-crisis-related IT purchases and project completion schedules in general, all of which can negatively impact our results in both current and future periods. 
 
 The duration and extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic or any future epidemic, pandemic or major disaster depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the virus (including variant mutations of the virus), the extent and effectiveness of containment actions, treatments and vaccinations, the effects of measures enacted by policy makers and central banks around the globe, and the impact of these and other factors on our employees, customers, channel partners and suppliers. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be affected. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Inflation and changes in the price and availability of raw materials may lead to higher input and labor costs in a way that could be detrimental to our profitability. 
 
 As a result of increased inflation, costs of raw materials and labor may increase in a way that we are unable to offset in a timely manner through higher prices for finished goods. 
 
 Copper is a significant component of the cost of most of our cable products. Over the past few years, and in particular in 2021 and 2022, the prices of metals, particularly copper, have been volatile. Prices of other materials we use, such as PVC and other plastics derived from petrochemical feedstocks, have also been volatile. Generally, we have recovered much of the higher cost of raw materials through higher pricing of our finished products. The majority of our products are sold through distribution, and we manage the pricing of these products through published price lists which we update from time to time, with new prices typically taking effect a few weeks after they are announced. Some OEM contracts have provisions for passing through raw material cost changes, generally with a lag of a few weeks to three months. Especially during periods of inflation, if we are unable to raise prices timely and sufficiently to recover our material costs or increases in the cost of internal or external labor, our earnings and margins could decline. If we raise our prices but competitors raise their prices less, we may lose sales, and our earnings could decline. If the price of copper were to decline, we may be compelled to reduce prices to remain competitive, which could have a negative effect on revenues. While we generally believe the supply of raw materials (copper, plastics, and other materials) is adequate, we have experienced instances of limited supply of certain raw materials, resulting in extended lead times and higher prices. If a supply interruption or shortage of materials were to occur (including due to labor or political disputes), this could have a negative effect on revenues and earnings. 
 
 Similarly, if we raise employee wages in a manner sufficient to offset inflation, it may erode our profitability. Conversely, if we fail to raise employee wages in a manner sufficient to offset inflation, associates could leave the Company resulting in capacity constraints which could have a negative effect on revenues and earnings. 
 
 Volatility of credit markets and rising interest rates could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Uncertainty in U.S. and global financial and equity markets could make it more expensive for us to conduct our operations and more difficult for our customers to buy our products. Additionally, market volatility or uncertainty may cause us to be unable to pursue or complete acquisitions. Our ability to implement our business strategy and grow our business, particularly through acquisitions, may depend on our ability to raise capital by selling equity or debt securities or obtaining additional debt financing. Market conditions including changes in interest rates may prevent us from obtaining financing when we need it or on terms acceptable to us. 
 
 We may be unable to achieve our strategic priorities in emerging markets. 
 
 Emerging markets are a significant focus of our strategic plan. The developing nature of these markets presents a number of risks. We may be unable to attract, develop, and retain appropriate talent to manage our businesses in emerging markets. Deterioration of social, political, labor, or economic conditions in a specific country or region may adversely affect our operations or financial results. Emerging markets may not meet our growth expectations, and we may be unable to maintain such growth or to balance such growth with financial goals and compliance requirements. Among the risks in emerging market countries are bureaucratic intrusions and delays, contract compliance failures, engrained business partners that do not comply with local or U.S. law, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, fluctuating currencies and interest rates, limitations on the amount and nature of investments, restrictions on permissible forms and structures of investment, unreliable legal and financial infrastructure, regime disruption and political unrest, uncontrolled inflation and commodity prices, fierce local competition by companies with better political connections, and corruption. In addition, the costs of compliance with local laws and regulations in emerging markets may negatively impact our competitive position as compared to locally owned manufacturers. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Changes in tax laws may adversely affect our financial position. 
 
 We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets or liabilities and in evaluating our tax positions on a worldwide basis. While we believe our tax positions are consistent with the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, it is possible that these positions may be contested or overturned by jurisdictional tax authorities, which may have a significant impact on our global provision for income taxes. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. Governmental tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies. The U.S. federal and state governments, countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws, including a corporate minimum tax. Certain changes in tax laws and related regulations may materially impact our financial results. Given the unpredictability of these possible changes and their potential interdependency, it is possible such changes could adversely impact our financial results. 
 
 Changes in global tariffs and trade agreements may have a negative impact on global economic conditions, markets and our business. 
 
 Like most multinational companies, we have supply chains and sales channels that extend beyond national borders. Purchasing and production decisions in some cases are largely influenced by the trade agreements and the tax and tariff structures in place. Disruption in those structures can create significant market uncertainty. While the impact of Brexit and the U.S. and Chinese tariff actions have not been material to us, unanticipated complications in the free movement of goods in Europe, an escalation of tariff activity anywhere in the world or changes to existing free trade agreements could materially impact our financial results. In addition to the potential direct impacts of free trade restrictions, longer term macroeconomic consequences could result, including slower growth, inflation, higher interest rates and unfavorable impacts to currency exchange rates. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, changes to which could increase our costs and individually or in the aggregate adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are subject to laws and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations in a number of areas. These U.S. and foreign laws and regulations affect our activities including, but not limited to, in areas of labor, advertising, real estate, billing, e-commerce, promotions, quality of services, property ownership and infringement, tax, import and export requirements, anti-corruption, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, anti-competition, environmental, health and safety. 
 
 Compliance with these laws, regulations and similar requirements may be onerous and expensive, and they may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of compliance and doing business. Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation, could individually or in the aggregate make our products and services less attractive to our customers, delay the introduction of new products in one or more regions, or cause us to change or limit our business practices. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. 
 
 Specifically with respect to data privacy, new and evolving data protection regulations have been adopted or are being considered or refined for most of the developed world. many of these data privacy regulations contain operational requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of their respective jurisdictions and include significant penalties for non-compliance. In addition, some countries are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Increasing expectations with respect to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) matters by our various stakeholders could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 As a response to growing customer, investor, employee, governmental, and other stakeholder interest in our ESG practices, we have increased reporting of our ESG programs and performance and have established and announced our aspirational goals or targets, including those regarding greenhouse gas emissions and diversity, equity and inclusion. Our ability to achieve such goals and aspirations is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which rely on the collective efforts of others or may be outside of our control. Such risks include, among others, the availability and adoption of new or additional technologies that reduce carbon or eliminate energy sources on a commercially reasonable basis, competing and evolving economic, policy and regulatory factors, the availability of qualified candidates in our labor markets and our ability to recruit and retain diverse talent, and customer engagement in our goals. There may be times where actual outcomes vary from those aimed for or expected and sometimes challenges may delay or block progress. As a result, we cannot offer assurances that the results reflected or implied by any such statements will be realized or achieved. Moreover, standards and expectations for ESG matters continue to evolve and may be subject to varying interpretations, which may result in significant revisions to our goals or progress. A failure or perceived failure to meet our aspirational goals or targets within the timelines we announce, or at all, or a failure or perceived failure to meet evolving stakeholders expectations and standards, could damage our reputation, adversely affect employee retention or engagement or support from our various stakeholders and could subject us to government enforcement actions or penalties and private litigation. Such outcomes could negatively impact the Company s business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. 
 
 We might have difficulty protecting our intellectual property from use by competitors, or competitors might accuse us of violating their intellectual property rights. 
 
 Disagreements about patents and other intellectual property rights occur in the markets we serve. Third parties have asserted and may in the future assert claims of infringement of intellectual property rights against us or against our customers or channel partners for which we may be liable. Furthermore, a successful claimant could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages or prevents us from distributing certain products or performing certain services. We may encounter difficulty enforcing our own intellectual property rights against third parties, which could result in price erosion or loss of market share. 
 
 Our use of open source software could negatively impact our ability to sell our products and may subject us to unanticipated obligations. 
 
 The products, services, or technologies we acquire, license, provide, or develop may incorporate or use open source software. We monitor and restrict our use of open source software in an effort to avoid unintended consequences, such as reciprocal license grants, patent retaliation clauses, and the requirement to license our products at no cost. Nevertheless, we may be subject to unanticipated obligations regarding our products which incorporate or use open source software. 
 
 If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we would be required to recognize charges that would reduce our income. 
 
 Under accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., goodwill and certain other intangible assets are not amortized but must be reviewed for possible impairment annually or more often in certain circumstances if events indicate that the asset values may not be recoverable. Asset impairment charges would reduce our income without any change to our underlying cash flows. 
 
 Some of our employees are members of collective bargaining groups, and we might be subject to labor actions that would interrupt our business. 
 
 Some of our employees, primarily outside the U.S., are members of collective bargaining groups. We believe that our relations with employees are generally good. However, if there were a dispute with one of these bargaining groups, the affected operations could be interrupted, resulting in lost revenues, lost profit contribution, and customer dissatisfaction. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 17 

Item 2. Properties 
 Belden owns and leases manufacturing, warehousing, sales, and administrative space in locations around the world. We also have a corporate office that we lease in St. Louis, Missouri. The leases are of varying terms, expiring from 2023 through 2037 . The table below summarizes the geographic locations of our manufacturing and other operating facilities utilized by our segments as of December 31, 2022. 
 Enterprise Solutions Industrial Solutions Both Segments Total Belgium 1 1 Canada 1 1 China 1 1 2 Czech Republic 1 1 Denmark 2 2 Germany 1 1 2 Hungary 1 1 India 1 1 Italy 1 1 Mexico 2 2 Netherlands 1 1 Tunisia 1 1 United Kingdom 1 1 United States 4 3 2 9 Total 10 7 9 26 
 
 In addition to the manufacturing and other operating facilities summarized above, our business operations also utilize approximately 9 warehouses worldwide. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or leased a total of approximately 6 million square feet of facility space worldwide. We believe that our production facilities are suitable for their present and intended purposes and adequate for our current level of operations. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are a party to various legal proceedings and administrative actions that are incidental to our operations. In our opinion, the proceedings and actions in which we are involved should not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, or cash flows. However, since the trends and outcome of this litigation are inherently uncertain, we cannot give absolute assurance regarding the future resolution of such litigation, or that such litigation may not become material in the future. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 18 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BDC. As of February 17, 2023, there were 216 recor d holders of common stock of Belden Inc. 
 In 2018, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, which allows us to purchase up to 300.0 million of our common stock through open market repurchases, negotiated transactions, or other means, in accordance with applicable security laws and other regulations. This program is funded with cash on hand and cash flows from operating activities. The program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended at any time at the discretion of the Company. From inception of our program, we have repurchased 4.5 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate cost of 235.0 million and an average price of 52.75. During 2022, we repurchased 2.6 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate cost of 150.0 million at an average price per share of 57.95. As of Dec ember 31, 2022, we had 65.0 million of authorizations remaining under the program. Set forth below is information regarding our stock repurchases for the three months ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except per share amounts). 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs Balance at October 3, 2022 78,664 October 3, 2022 through November 6, 2022 217 62.85 217 65,000 November 7, 2022 through December 4, 2022 65,000 December 5, 2022 through December 31, 2022 65,000 Total 217 62.85 217 65,000 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on Belden s common stock over the five-year period ended December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return during such period of the Standard and Poor s 500 Stock Index and the Standard and Poor s 1500 Industrials Index. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, in Belden s common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends. The stock performance shown on the graph below represents historical stock performance and is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

(1) The chart above and the accompanying data are furnished, not filed, with the SEC. 
 
 Total Return To Shareholders 
 (Includes reinvestment of dividends) 
 
 ANNUAL RETURN PERCENTAGE Years Ended December 31, Company Name / Index 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Belden Inc. (45.7) 32.1 (23.4) 57.5 9.7 S P 500 Index (4.4) 31.5 18.4 28.7 (18.1) S P 1500 Industrials Index (13.4) 29.8 11.7 22.2 (6.4) INDEXED RETURNS Years Ended December 31, Company Name / Index Base Period 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Belden Inc. 100.00 54.30 71.76 54.97 86.56 94.99 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P 1500 Industrials Index 100.00 86.82 112.43 125.58 153.43 143.57 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 Not applicable. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 
 Belden is a leading global supplier of network infrastructure solutions that makes the digital journey simpler, smarter and secure. We re moving beyond connectivity, from what we make to what we make possible through a performance-driven portfolio, forward-thinking expertise and purpose-built solutions. We are aligned with attractive secular growth markets, positioned to provide comprehensive solutions that drive customer outcomes, focused on new product innovation and technology leadership, and committed to sustainable ESG practices. 
 Our current business goals are to: 
 
 Drive organic revenue growth in excess of GDP; 
 Deliver incremental Adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 30 ; 
 Generate free cash flows of approximately 1 billion cumulatively from 2022 through 2025; 
 Execute a disciplined capital allocation strategy while maintaining net leverage of approximately 1.5x; and 
 Drive Adjusted EPS to 8.00 by 2025. 
 Significant Trends and Events in 2022 
 The following trends and events during 2022 had varying effects on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Pandemic 
 In 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) a pandemic. Since the beginning of the pandemic, our foremost focus has been on the health and safety of our employees and customers. In response to the outbreak, to protect the health and safety of our employees, we modified practices at our manufacturing locations and offices to adhere to guidance from the WHO, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other local health and governmental authorities with respect to social distancing, physical separation, personal protective equipment and sanitization. In light of variant mutations of the virus, even as vaccinations become more prevalent and more employees return to our offices, many of these safeguards will continue. 
 
 Our suppliers, distributors, and other partners have similarly had their operations disrupted, and in regions of the world where infection rates have remained high, human suffering and market disruptions have persisted. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by local or foreign governmental authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees and customers. 
 
 Foreign currency 
 Our exposure to currency rate fluctuations primarily relates to exchange rate movements between the U.S. dollar and the euro, Canadian dollar, Hong Kong dollar, Chinese yuan, Mexican peso, Australian dollar, British pound, Indian rupee, and Swiss franc. Generally, as the U.S. dollar strengthens against these foreign currencies, our revenues and earnings are negatively impacted as our foreign denominated revenues and earnings are translated into U.S. dollars at a lower rate. Conversely, as the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies, our revenues and earnings are positively impacted. Because all of our senior subordinated notes are denominated in euros, interest expense on the notes is affected by exchange rate movements between the U.S. dollar and the euro. 
 In addition to the translation impact described above, currency rate fluctuations have an economic impact on our financial results. As the U.S. dollar strengthens or weakens against foreign currencies, it results in a relative price increase or decrease for certain of our products that are priced in U.S. dollars in a foreign location. 
 Inflation 
 D uring periods of inflation, if we are unable to raise prices timely and sufficiently to recover our material costs, our earnings could decline. Furthermore, inflation may impact labor, energy, and other costs. We are mindful of ongoing inflationary pressures and as a result, proactively implement selling price increases and cost control measures. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Commodity Prices 
 Our operating results can be affected by changes in prices of commodities, primarily copper and compounds, which are components in some of the products we sell. Generally, as the costs of inventory purchases increase due to higher commodity prices, we raise selling prices to customers to cover the increase in costs, resulting in higher sales revenue but a lower gross profit percentage. Conversely, a decrease in commodity prices would result in lower sales revenue but a higher gross profit percentage. Selling prices of our products are affected by many factors, including end market demand, capacity utilization, overall economic conditions, and commodity prices. Importantly, however, there is no exact measure of the effect of changing commodity prices, as there are thousands of transactions in any given quarter, each of which has various factors involved in the individual pricing decisions. Therefore, all references to the effect of copper prices or other commodity prices are estimates. 
 Channel Inventory 
 Our operating results also can be affected by the levels of Belden products purchased and held as inventory by our channel partners and customers. Our channel partners and customers purchase and hold our products in their inventory in order to meet the service and on-time delivery requirements of their customers. Generally, as our channel partners and customers change the level of Belden products owned and held in their inventory, it impacts our revenues. Comparisons of our results between periods can be impacted by changes in the levels of channel inventory. We are dependent upon our channel partners to provide us with information regarding the amount of our products that they own and hold in their inventory. As such, all references to the effect of channel inventory changes are estimates. 
 Market Growth and Market Share 
 The markets in which we operate can generally be characterized as highly competitive and highly fragmented, with many players. Based on available data for our served markets, we estimate that our market share across our segments is significant, ranging from approximately 5 15 . A substantial acquisition in one of our served markets would be necessary to meaningfully change our estimated market share percentage. We monitor available data regarding market growth, including independent market research reports, publicly available indices, and the financial results of our direct and indirect peer companies, in order to estimate the extent to which our served markets grew or contracted during a particular period. We generally expect that our unit sales volume will increase or decrease consistently with the market growth rate. Our strategic goal is to utilize our Market Delivery System to target faster growing geographies, applications, and trends within our end markets, in order to achieve growth that is higher than the general market growth rate. To the extent that we exceed the market growth rates, we consider it to be the result of capturing market share. 
 Tripwire Divestiture 
 During 2022, we sold Tripwire for gross cash consideration of 350 million and recognized a loss on disposal of discontinued operations, net of tax of 9.2 million. See Note 5. 
 Debt Repurchase 
 During 2022, we repurchased all of the 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125 senior subordinated notes previously due 2026. We recognized a 6.4 million loss on debt extinguishment for the premiums paid to the bond holders to retire the 2026 Notes and for the unamortized debt issuance costs on the 2026 Notes that we were required to write-off. See Note 16. 
 Acquisitions 
 During 2022, we completed three acquisitions. On January 17, 2022, we acquired Macmon for 41.9 million , net of cash acquired. Macmon, based in Berlin, Germany, is a leading provider of products and services that secure network infrastructure in a variety of mission critical industries. On March 3, 2022, we acquired NetModule for 23.5 million, net of cash acquired. NetModule, based in Bern, Switzerland, is a leading provider of reliable, fast and secure wireless network infrastructures through advanced capabilities in 5G and WiFi6 technologies in a variety of mission critical industries with a strong focus on mass transit and intelligent traffic systems within the transportation vertical. On April 15, 2022, we acquired CAI for 19.0 million , net of cash acquired. CAI is headquartered in Anniston, Alabama and designs, manufactures, and sells a range of plug-in radio frequency filters used in outside plant hybrid fiber-coax nodes. The results of operations of each acquisition have been included in our results of operations from their respective acquisition dates. The three acquisitions were not material to our results of operations. Macmon and NetModule are included in the Industrial Automation Solutions segment, and CAI is included in the Enterprise Solutions segment. All three acquisitions were funded with cash on hand. See Note 4. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Share Repurchase Program 
 During 2022, we repurchased 2.6 million shares of our common stock under the share repurchase program for an aggregate cost of 150.0 million at an average price per share of 57.95. See Note 22. 
 
 Gain on Sale of Asset 
 During 2022, we sold certain real estate in the United States for 42.2 million, net of transaction costs and recognized a 37.9 million pre-tax gain on sale. This gain on sale was excluded from Segment EBITDA of our Industrial Automation Solutions segment. See Note 11. 
 
 Equity Method Investment 
 During 2022, we invested 20.0 million in Litmus for a noncontrolling ownership interest. Litmus provides critical data connectivity needed to monitor, visualize, analyze, and integrate industrial data. We account for this investment using the equity method of accounting. See Note 2. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Consolidated Income from Continuing Operations before Taxes 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (In thousands, except percentages) Revenues 2,606,485 2,301,260 1,752,192 13.3 31.3 Gross profit 916,289 771,843 575,622 18.7 34.1 Selling, general and administrative expenses 448,636 378,027 323,447 18.7 16.9 Research and development expenses 104,350 90,227 73,020 15.7 23.6 Amortization of intangibles 37,860 30,630 29,041 23.6 5.5 Asset impairments 9,283 100.0 n/a Gain on sale of asset 37,891 n/a n/a Operating income 363,334 263,676 150,114 37.8 75.7 Interest expense, net 43,554 62,693 58,903 (30.5) 6.4 Non-operating pension benefit (cost) 4,005 4,476 (395) 10.5 (1,233.2) Gain on sale of note receivable 27,036 100.0 n/a Loss on debt extinguishment 6,392 5,715 (11.8) n/a Income from continuing operations before taxes 317,393 226,780 90,816 40.0 149.7 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Revenues increased 305.2 million from 2021 to 2022 due to the following factors: 
 Higher sales volume and favorable pricing from industrial automation, smart buildings, and broadband 5G products resulted in a 365.0 million increase in revenues. 
 Acquisitions, net of disposals contributed an estimated 19.3 million in revenues. 
 Currency translation had a 65.3 million unfavorable impact on revenues. 
 Copper prices had a 13.8 million unfavorable impact on revenues. 
 
 Gross profit increased 144.4 million from 2021 to 2022 due to the increases in revenues discussed above. Accordingly, gross profit margins expanded nearly 200 basis points year over year. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 70.6 million from 2021 to 2022. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to strategic investments to enhance our solution selling capabilities, expenses from our acquired businesses and costs associated with lease guarantees as discussed in Note 12. 
 
 Research and development expenses increased 14.1 million from 2021 to 2022 primarily due to increased investments as we further strengthen our product offering and continue our commitment to growth initiatives. 
 
 Amortization of intangibles increased 7.2 million from 2021 to 2022 primarily due to acquisitions. See Note 4. 
 Asset impairments decreased 9.3 million from 2021 to 2022 as a result of the following impairment charges during 2021: 3.6 million to write down certain held and used long-lived assets in our Industrial Automation Solutions segment to fair value, 3.4 million for our former oil and gas business in Brazil sold during 2021, and a 2.3 million charge to write down certain real estate in Germany to its fair value and sold as part of a sale and leaseback transaction during 2021. See Notes 5, 11 and 12. 
 Gain on sale of asset increased 37.9 million from 2021 to 2022. During 2022, we sold certain real estate in the United States and recognized a 37.9 million pre-tax gain on sale. See Note 11. 
 Operating income increased 99.7 million from 2021 to 2022 primarily as a result of the increase in gross profit, the gain on sale of asset in 2022, and lack of asset impairment charges as compared to 2021, partially offset by the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses; research and development expenses; and amortization of intangibles expense discussed above. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Net interest expense decreased 19.1 million from 2021 to 2022 primarily due to the repurchase of senior subordinated notes previously due 2026 and currency translation. See Note 16. 
 Gain on sale of note receivable decreased 27.0 million from 2021 to 2022 as a result of the sale of the Seller s Note in 2021 related to the 2020 divestiture of Grass Valley. See Note 5. 
 Loss on debt extinguishment increased 0.7 million from 2021 to 2022. The loss on debt extinguishment in 2022 represents the premium paid to the bond holders to retire the 2026 Notes and for the unamortized debt issuance costs on the 2026 Notes that we were required to write-off. The loss on debt extinguishment in 2021 represents the premium paid to the bond holders to retire the 2025 Notes and for the unamortized debt issuance costs on the 2025 Notes that we were required to write-off. See Note 16. 
 Income from continuing operations before taxes increased 90.6 million from 2021 to 2022 primarily due to the increase in operating income discussed above. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Revenues increased 549.1 million from 2020 to 2021 due to the following factors: 
 Higher sales volume from industrial automation, smart buildings, and broadband 5G products resulted in a 376.8 million increase in revenues. 
 Copper prices had a 117.2 million favorable impact on revenues. 
 Currency translation had a 26.7 million favorable impact on revenues. 
 Acquisitions contributed an estimated 37.7 million in revenues. 
 Divestitures had a 9.3 million unfavorable impact on revenues. 
 
 Gross profit increased 196.2 million from 2020 to 2021 due to the increases in revenues discussed above while gross profit margins expanded 70 basis points. Excluding the impact of higher copper pass through pricing and changes in foreign currency rates, gross profit margins increased more than 200 basis points. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 54.6 million from 2020 to 2021. Strategic investments to enhance our solution selling capabilities (e.g., customer innovation centers), higher incentive compensation, and acquisitions contributed to the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Research and development expenses increased 17.2 million from 2020 to 2021 primarily due to increased investments in R D projects as we continue our commitment to growth initiatives. 
 
 Amortization of intangibles increased 1.6 million from 2020 to 2021 primarily due to currency translation. 
 Asset impairments increased 9.3 million from 2020 to 2021 as a result of impairment charges of 3.6 million to write down certain held and used long-lived assets in our Industrial Automation Solutions segment to fair value, impairment charges of 3.4 million for our former oil and gas business in Brazil sold during 2021, and impairment charges of 2.3 million to write down certain real estate in Neckartenzlingen, Germany sold as part of a sale and leaseback transaction during 2021 to its fair value. See Notes 5, 11 and 12. 
 Operating income increase 113.6 million from 2020 to 2021 primarily due to the increase in gross profit discussed above, partially offset by the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses; research and development expenses; amortization of intangibles expense; and asset impairments. 
 
 Net interest expense increased 3.8 million from 2020 to 2021 primarily due to currency translation. 
 Gain on sale of note receivable increased 27.0 million from 2020 to 2021 as a result of the sale of the Seller s Note in 2021 related to the 2020 divestiture of Grass Valley. See Note 5. 
 Loss on debt extinguishment increased 5.7 million from 2020 to 2021 due to the debt refinancing that took place during 2021. The 5.7 million loss on debt extinguishment represents the premium paid to the bond holders to retire the 2025 Notes and for the unamortized debt issuance costs on the 2025 Notes that we were required to write-off. See Note 16. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Income from continuing operations before taxes increased 136.0 million from 2020 to 2021 primarily due to the increase in operating income discussed above. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (In thousands, except percentages) Income from continuing operations before taxes 317,393 226,780 90,816 40.0 149.7 Income tax expense (49,645) (27,939) (20,098) 77.7 39.0 Effective tax rate 15.6 12.3 22.1 
 
 2022 
 We recognized income tax expense of 49.6 million in 2022, representing an effective tax rate of 15.6 . The effective tax rate was primarily impacted by foreign tax rate differences, and domestic permanent differences and tax credits primarily associated with our foreign income inclusions. See Note 18. 
 
 2021 
 We recognized income tax expense of 27.9 million in 2021, representing an effective tax rate of 12.3 . The effective tax rate was primarily impacted by a change in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance due to the release of a valuation allowance against the foreign tax credits in the U.S. and a pension deferred tax asset in a foreign jurisdiction. 
 
 2020 
 We recognized income tax expense of 20.1 million in 2020, representing an effective tax rate of 22.1 . The effective tax rate was impacted by foreign tax rate differences, and domestic permanent differences and tax credits primarily associated with our foreign income inclusions. 
 Our income tax expense and effective tax rate in future periods may be impacted by many factors, including our geographic mix of income and changes in tax laws. 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except percentages) GAAP and Adjusted Revenues 2,606,485 2,301,260 1,752,192 GAAP income from continuing operations 267,748 198,841 70,718 Income tax expense 49,645 27,939 20,098 Depreciation expense 46,669 43,073 39,413 Interest expense, net 43,554 62,693 58,903 Amortization of intangibles 37,860 30,630 29,041 Loss on debt extinguishment 6,392 5,715 Severance, restructuring, and acquisition integration costs (1) 
 16,685 23,867 11,555 Adjustments related to acquisitions and divestitures (2) 
 7,833 (5,035) 125 Amortization of software development intangible assets 3,875 1,579 872 Non-operating pension settlement loss 1,189 3,153 Asset impairments (3) 
 9,283 Gain on sale of asset (4) 
 (37,891) Gain on note receivable (5) 
 (27,036) Adjusted EBITDA 443,559 371,549 233,878 GAAP income from continuing operations margin 10.3 8.6 4.0 Adjusted EBITDA margin 17.0 16.1 13.3 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 (1) See Note 15, Severance, Restructuring, and Acquisiti on Integration Activities, for details . 
 (2) In 2022, we incurred 10.1 million for lease guarantees associated with the Grass Valley disposal (see Note 12), 2.2 million related to fair value adjustments of acquired inventory and investments, and gains of 4.5 million on collections from previously written off receivables associated with the sale of Grass Valley. In 2021, we collected 2.2 million of receivables associated with the sale of Grass Valley and acquisition of SPC that were previously written off, reduced the Opterna earn-out liability by 5.8 million, recognized cost of sales of 2.3 million related to adjustments of acquired inventory to fair value, and recognized a 0.6 million loss on the sale of tangible assets. In 2020, we recognized 0.1 million of cost of sales related to adjustments of acquired inventory to fair value. 
 (3) In 2021, we recognized a 3.6 million impairment on assets held and used and a 5.7 million impairment on assets held for sale . See Note 11, Property, Plant, and Equipment , for details. 
 (4) In 2022, we sold certain real estate in the United States for 42.2 million, net of transaction costs and recognized a 37.9 million pre-tax gain on sale. See Note 11, Property, Plant, and Equipment , for details. 
 (5) In 2021, we sold the seller's note associated with the Grass Valley disposal to a third party for 62.0 million and recognized a gain on sale of 27.0 million. See Note 5, Disposals . 
 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 Adjusted Revenues, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we provide non-GAAP operating results adjusted for certain items, including: asset impairments; accelerated depreciation expense due to plant consolidation activities; fair value adjustments and transaction costs related to acquisitions; severance, restructuring, and acquisition integration costs; gains (losses) recognized on the disposal of businesses and tangible assets; amortization of intangible assets; gains (losses) on debt extinguishment; certain revenues and gains (losses) from patent settlements; discontinued operations; and other costs. We adjust for the items listed above in all periods presented, unless the impact is clearly immaterial to our financial statements. When we calculate the tax effect of the adjustments, we include all current and deferred income tax expense commensurate with the adjusted measure of pre-tax profitability. 
 We utilize the adjusted results to review our ongoing operations without the effect of these adjustments and for comparison to budgeted operating results. We believe the adjusted results are useful to investors because they help them compare our results to previous periods and provide important insights into underlying trends in the business and how management oversees our business operations on a day-to-day basis. As an example, we adjust for acquisition-related expenses, such as amortization of intangibles and impacts of fair value adjustments because they generally are not related to the acquired businesses' core business performance. As an additional example, we exclude the costs of restructuring programs, which can occur from time to time for our current businesses and/or recently acquired businesses. We exclude the costs in calculating adjusted results to allow us and investors to evaluate the performance of the business based upon its expected ongoing operating structure. We believe the adjusted measures, accompanied by the disclosure of the costs of these programs, provides valuable insight. Adjusted results should be considered only in conjunction with results reported according to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (In thousands, except percentages) GAAP and Adjusted Revenues 2,606,485 2,301,260 1,752,192 13.3 31.3 Adjusted EBITDA 443,559 371,549 233,878 19.4 58.9 as a percent of adjusted revenues 17.0 16.1 13.3 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Revenues increased 305.2 million from 2021 to 2022 due to the following factors: 
 Higher sales volume and favorable pricing from industrial automation, smart buildings, and broadband 5G products resulted in a 365.0 million increase in revenues. 
 Acquisitions, net of disposals contributed an estimated 19.3 million in revenues. 
 Currency translation had a 65.3 million unfavorable impact on revenues. 
 Copper prices had a 13.8 million unfavorable impact on revenues. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 72.0 million in 2022 from 2021 primarily due to the leverage on higher sales volume, as discussed above. Accordingly, adjusted EBITDA margins expanded to 17.0 from 16.1 in the year ago period. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Revenues increased 549.1 million from 2020 to 2021 due to the following factors: 
 Higher sales volume from industrial automation, smart buildings, and broadband 5G products resulted in a 376.8 million increase in revenues. 
 Copper prices had a 117.2 million favorable impact on revenues. 
 Currency translation had a 26.7 million favorable impact on revenues. 
 Acquisitions contributed an estimated 37.7 million in revenues. 
 Divestitures had a 9.3 million unfavorable impact on revenues. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 137.7 million in 2021 from 2020 primarily due to the leverage on higher sales volume, as discussed above. Accordingly, Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded to 16.1 from 13.3 in the year ago period. 
 
 Segment Results of Operations 
 For additional information regarding our segment measures, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Enterprise Solutions 
 Year Ended December 31, Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (In thousands, except percentages) Segment Revenues 1,198,478 1,074,426 872,417 11.5 23.2 Segment EBITDA 161,517 144,509 99,333 11.8 45.5 as a percent of segment revenues 13.5 13.4 11.4 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Enterprise revenues increased 124.1 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase in revenues was primarily due to increases in volume and favorable pricing of 135.0 million and acquisitions of 5.4 million, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation and lower copper pass-through pricing of 13.3 million and 3.0 million, respectively. 
 Enterprise EBITDA increased 17.0 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to the increase in revenues discussed above. Accordingly, Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded to 13.5 from 13.4 in the year ago period. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Enterprise revenues increased 202.0 million in 2021 as compared to 2020. Increases in volume, higher copper prices, and favorable currency translation contributed 143.6 million, 50.4 million, and 8.0 million, respectively, to the increase in revenues year over year. 
 Enterprise EBITDA increased 45.2 million in 2021 as compared to 2020 primarily due to the leverage on higher sales volume, as discussed above. Accordingly, Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded to 13.4 from 11.4 in the year ago period. 
 Industrial Automation Solutions 
 Year Ended December 31, Percentage Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (In thousands, except percentages) Segment Revenues 1,408,007 1,226,834 879,775 14.8 39.4 Segment EBITDA 277,079 222,684 132,302 24.4 68.3 as a percent of segment revenues 19.7 18.2 15.0 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Industrial Automation revenues increased 181.2 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to increases in volume and favorable pricing of 230.1 million and acquisitions, net of disposals of 13.9 million, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation and lower copper pass-through pricing of 52.0 million and 10.8 million, respectively. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial Automation EBITDA increased 54.4 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily as a result of the increase in revenues discussed above. Accordingly, Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded to 19.7 from 18.2 in the year ago period. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Industrial Automation revenues increased 347.1 million in 2021 as compared to 2020 primarily due to increases in volume; higher copper prices; acquisitions, net of disposals; and favorable currency translation of 233.2 million, 66.8 million, 28.4 million, and 18.7 million, respectively. 
 Industrial Automation EBITDA increased 90.4 million in 2021 as compared to 2020 primarily as a result of the increase in revenues discussed above. Accordingly, Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded to 18.2 from 15.0 in the year ago period. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Significant factors affecting our cash liquidity include (1) cash provided by operating activities, (2) disposals of businesses and tangible assets, (3) cash used for acquisitions, restructuring actions, capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends, and senior subordinated note repurchases, and (4) our available credit facilities and other borrowing arrangements. We expect our operating activities to generate cash in 2023 and believe our sources of liquidity are sufficient to fund current working capital requirements, capital expenditures, contributions to our retirement plans, share repurchases, senior subordinated note repurchases, quarterly dividend payments, and our short-term operating strategies. However, we may require external financing were we to complete a significant acquisition. Our ability to continue to fund our future needs from business operations could be affected by many factors, including, but not limited to: economic conditions worldwide, customer demand, competitive market forces, customer acceptance of our product offerings, and commodities pricing. 
 The following table is derived from our Consolidated Cash Flow Statements and includes the results and cash flow activity of discontinued operations up to the February 22, 2022 disposal date consistent with the Consolidated Cash Flow Statements: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Net cash provided by (used for): Operating activities 281,296 272,055 Investing activities 168,411 (92,003) Financing activities (393,214) (32,926) Effects of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (12,574) (5,363) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 43,919 141,763 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 643,757 501,994 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 687,676 643,757 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 281.3 million for 2022 compared to 272.1 million for 2021. The increase is primarily due to higher net income and favorable changes in inventory. Inventory was a source of cash of 5.6 million compared to a use of cash of 93.0 million in the prior year. The use of cash for inventory in the prior year was due to investments in inventory to satisfy the increasing demand. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities totaled 168.4 million for 2022 compared to a use of cash of 92.0 million for 2021. Investing activities for 2022 included proceeds of 334.6 million and 43.5 million from the sale of the Tripwire disposal group and tangible property, respectively, as well as 105.1 million for capital expenditures and 104.6 million for the investment in Litmus and acquisitions of Macmon, NetModule and CAI. Investing activities for 2021 included capital expenditures of 91.0 million, payments primarily for the acquisition of OTN Systems of 73.3 million, purchases of intangible assets of 3.6 million, cash receipts for the carrying value of the seller's note and sale of the oil and gas cable business in Brazil of 45.7 million, and cash receipts for the sale of real estate in Germany of 30.2 million. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash flows used for financing activities totaled 393.2 million for 2022 compared to 32.9 million for 2021. Financing activities for 2022 included repayments of debt obligations of 230.6 million, payments under our share repurchase program of 150.0 million, cash dividend payments of 8.9 million, net payments related to share based compensation activities of 7.2 million, financing lease payments of 0.2 million, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 3.7 million. Financing activities for 2021 included repayments of debt obligations of 360.3 million, cash dividend payments of 9.0 million, debt issuance costs of 8.2 million, net payments related to share based compensation activities of 5.6 million, financing lease payments of 3.1 million, payments to noncontrolling interests of 2.7 million, and borrowings under credit arrangements of 356.0 million. During 2021, we completed an offering for 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.375 senior subordinated notes due 2031, repurchased the 300.0 million 2025 Notes, and refinanced the Revolver - see Note 16. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents balance was 687.7 million as of December 31, 2022. Of this amount, 198.9 million was held outside of the U.S. in our foreign operations. Substantially all of the foreign cash and cash equivalents are readily convertible into U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. Our strategic plan does not require the repatriation of foreign cash in order to fund our operations in the U.S., and it is our current intention to permanently reinvest the foreign cash and cash equivalents outside of the U.S. If we were to repatriate the foreign cash to the U.S., we may be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes in accordance with applicable U.S. tax rules and regulations as a result of the repatriation. See Note 18, Income Taxes in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Our outstanding debt obligations as of December 31, 2022 consisted of 1.2 billion of senior subordinated notes. As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding on the Revolver, and our available borrowing capacity was 291.1 million. Additional discussion regarding our various borrowing arrangements is included in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 At December 31, 2022, the following contractual obligations and commercial commitments were outstanding: 
 a. Principal payments on long-term debt of 1.2 billion, none of which is due in 2023 (see Note 16). Depending on the conditions in the credit markets, we may refinance this debt, or we may use cash from operations, including temporarily accessing our Revolving Credit Agreement, to repay this debt. 
 b. Interest payments on long-term debt of 309.1 million, of which 44.2 million is due in 2023. 
 c. Operating lease obligations of 77.2 million, of which 15.5 million is due in 2023 (see Note 12). 
 d. Pension and other postemployment obligations of 84.3 million, of which 9.6 million is due in 2023 (see Note 19). 
 e. Obligations to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding of 26.7 million. All of these obligations are due in 2023. 
 f. Standby financial letters of credit, bank guarantees, and surety bonds totaling 17.3 million, of which 15.3 million are scheduled to expire or mature in 2023. These commitments are generally issued to secure obligations we have for a variety of commercial reasons such as workers compensation self-insurance programs in several states and the importation and exportation of product. We expect to replace most of these when they expire or mature. 
 g. Obligations for uncertain tax positions of 6.2 million, none of which is due in 2023 (see Note 18). 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows that are or would be considered material to investors. 
 
 Current-Year Adoption of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Discussion regarding our adoption of accounting pronouncements is included in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP). In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates, and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, we review the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates, and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 of our Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require our most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue consistent with the principles as outlined in the following five step model: (1) identify the contract with the customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied. See Note 3. 
 At the time of sale, we establish an estimated reserve for trade, promotion, and other special price reductions such as contract pricing, discounts to meet competitor pricing, and on-time payment discounts. We also reserve for, among other things, correction of billing errors, incorrect shipments, and settlement of customer disputes. Customers are allowed to return inventory if and when certain conditions regarding the functionality of the inventory and our approval of the return are met. Certain distribution customers are allowed to return inventory at original cost, in an amount not to exceed three percent of the prior year s purchases, in exchange for an order of equal or greater value. Until we can process these reductions, corrections, and returns (together, the Changes) through individual customer records, we estimate the amount of outstanding Changes and recognize them by reducing revenues. We determine our estimate based on our historical Changes as a percentage of revenues and the average time period between the original sale and the issuance of the Changes. We adjust other current assets and cost of sales for the estimated level of returns. 
 We base these estimates on historical and anticipated sales demand, trends in product pricing, and historical and anticipated Changes patterns. We make revisions to these estimates in the period in which the facts that give rise to each revision become known. Future market conditions and product transitions might require us to take actions to further reduce prices and increase customer return authorizations. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to measure the Changes. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. A 10 change in our sales reserve for such Changes as of December 31, 2022 would have affected net income by approximately 2.0 million in 2022 . 
 At times, we enter into arrangements that involve the delivery of multiple promised goods or services. For these arrangements, when the promised goods or services can be separated, the revenue is allocated to each distinct good or service based on that performance obligation s relative standalone selling price and recognized based upon transfer of control for each performance obligation. Generally, we determine standalone selling price using the adjusted market assessment approach. 
 Revenue allocated to support services under our support contracts is typically recognized ratably over the term of the service. Revenue allocated to distinct professional services is recognized when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied depending on the terms of the arrangement. When professional services are not distinct from goods, the professional services and goods are combined into one performance obligation, and revenue allocated to that performance obligation is recognized when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 
 We recognize deferred tax assets resulting from tax credit carryforwards, net operating loss carryforwards, and deductible temporary differences between taxable income on our income tax returns and income before taxes under GAAP. Deferred tax assets generally represent future tax benefits to be received when these carryforwards can be applied against future taxable income or when expenses previously reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements become deductible for income tax purposes. A deferred tax asset valuation allowance is required when some portion or all of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. We are required to estimate taxable income in future years or develop tax strategies that would enable tax asset realization in each taxing jurisdiction and use judgment to determine whether to record a deferred tax asset valuation allowance for part or all of a deferred tax asset. 
 
 We consider the weight of all available evidence, both positive and negative, in assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets associated with net operating losses. We consider the reversals of existing taxable temporary differences as well as projections of future taxable income. We consider the future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences to the extent they were of the same character as the temporary differences giving rise to the deferred tax assets. We also consider whether the future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences will occur in the same period and jurisdiction as the temporary differences giving rise to the deferred tax assets. The assumptions utilized to estimate our future taxable income are consistent with those assumptions utilized for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, as well as with our budgeting and strategic planning processes. 
 
 Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions. We establish accruals for uncertain tax positions when we believe that the full amount of the associated tax benefit may not be realized. In the future, if we prevail in matters for which accruals have been established previously or pay amounts in excess of reserves, there could be a material effect on our income tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Act) was signed into law. We are evaluating the effect that the Act will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. None of the tax provisions of the Act are expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 
 See Note 18, Income Taxes, to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. 
 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 We test our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter or when indicators of impairment exist. We base our estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are not predictable with precision and therefore are inherently uncertain. Actual future results could differ from these estimates. 
 We test goodwill annually for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment, or a business unit one level below an operating segment if discrete financial information for that business is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. However, components within an operating segment are aggregated as a single reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. We determined that each of our reportable segments (Enterprise Solutions and Industrial Automation Solutions) represents an operating segment. Within those operating segments, we have identified reporting units based on whether there is discrete financial information prepared that is regularly reviewed by segment management. As a result of this evaluation, we have identified three reporting units within Enterprise Solutions and three reporting units within Industrial Automation Solutions for purposes of goodwill impairment testing. 
 The accounting guidance related to goodwill impairment testing allows for the performance of an optional qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Such an evaluation is made based on the weight of all available evidence and the significance of all identified events and circumstances that may influence the fair value of a reporting unit. If it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is required for the reporting unit, as described in the paragraph below. In 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment over five of our reporting units. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 When we evaluate goodwill for impairment using a quantitative assessment, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We determine the fair value using an income approach. Under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows using growth rates and discount rates that are consistent with current market conditions in our industry. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets including goodwill assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit s net assets including goodwill exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, then we record an impairment charge based on that difference. In addition to the income approach, we calculate the fair value of our reporting units under a market approach. The market approach measures the fair value of a reporting unit through analysis of financial multiples of comparable businesses. Consideration is given to the financial conditions and operating performance of the reporting unit being valued relative to those publicly-traded companies operating in the same or similar lines of business. 
 For our annual impairment test in 2022, we performed a quantitative assessment over one of our reporting units. The excess of the fair value over the carrying value under the income approach was 48 . The assumptions used to estimate fair values were based on the past performance of the reporting unit as well as the projections incorporated in our strategic plan. Significant assumptions included sales growth, profitability, and related cash flows, along with cash flows associated with taxes and capital spending. The discount rate used to estimate fair value was risk adjusted in consideration of the economic conditions in effect at the time of the impairment test. We also considered assumptions that market participants may use. In our quantitative assessment, the discount rate was 13.1 , the 2023 to 2032 compounded annual revenue growth rate was 4.9 , and the revenue growth rate beyond 2032 was 2.5 . By their nature, these assumptions involve risks and uncertainties. There is inherent risk associated with using an income approach to estimate fair values. If actual results are significantly different from our estimates or assumptions, we may have to recognize impairment charges that could be material. 
 We also test our indefinite-lived intangible asset, a trademark, for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter. The accounting guidance allows for the performance of an optional qualitative assessment, similar to that described above for goodwill, but we did not perform a qualitative assessment as part of our indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing for 2022. Rather, we performed a quantitative assessment for our indefinite-lived trademark in 2022. Under the quantitative assessment, we determined the fair value of the trademark using a relief from royalty methodology and compared the fair value to the carrying value. We determined that our trademark was not impaired during 2022. Significant assumptions to determine fair value included sales growth, royalty rates, and discount rates. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 Our pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations are dependent on the various actuarial assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions relate to discount rates, salary growth, long-term return on plan assets, health care cost trend rates, mortality tables, and other factors. We base the discount rate assumptions on current investment yields on high-quality corporate long-term bonds. The salary growth assumptions reflect our long-term actual experience and future or near-term outlook. Long-term return on plan assets is determined based on historical portfolio results and management s expectation of the future economic environment. Our health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook, and an assessment of likely long-term trends. Our key assumptions are described in further detail in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and, if in excess of the lesser of 10 of the projected benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets, amortized over the estimated future working life of the plan participants. 
 As a sensitivity measure, the effect of a 50 basis point decline in the assumed discount rate would have resulted in a decrease in the 2022 net periodic benefit cost of less than 0.1 million and an increase in the projected benefit obligations of approximately 17.8 million as of December 31, 2022. A 50 basis point decline in the expected return on plan assets would have resulted in an increase in the 2022 net periodic benefit cost of approximately 1.8 million. 
 Conversely, the effect of a 50 basis point increase in the assumed discount rate would have resulted in an increase in the 2022 net periodic benefit cost of approximately 0.6 million and a decrease in the projected benefit obligation of approximately 16.3 million as of December 31, 2022. A 50 basis point increase in the expected return on plan assets would have resulted in a decrease in the 2022 net periodic benefit cost of approximately 1.8 million. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisition Accounting 
 We allocate the consideration of an acquired business to its identifiable assets and liabilities based on estimated fair values. The excess of the consideration over the amount allocated to the assets and liabilities, if any, is recorded to goodwill. We use all available information to estimate fair values. We typically engage third party valuation specialists to assist in the fair value determination of inventories, tangible long-lived assets, and intangible assets other than goodwill. The carrying values of acquired receivables and accounts payable have historically approximated their fair values as of the acquisition date. As necessary, we may engage third party specialists to assist in the estimation of fair value for certain liabilities. We adjust the preliminary acquisition accounting, as necessary, typically up to one year after the acquisition closing date as we obtain more information regarding asset valuations and liabilities assumed. 
 Our acquisition accounting methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities. Management estimates the fair value of assets and liabilities based upon quoted market prices, the carrying value of the acquired assets and widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows and market multiple analyses. Unanticipated events or circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy of our fair value estimates, including assumptions regarding industry economic factors and business strategies. 
 If actual results are materially different than the assumptions we used to determine fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired through a business combination, it is possible that adjustments to the carrying values of such assets and liabilities will have an impact on our net earnings. See Note 4. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risks relating to our operations result primarily from currency exchange rates, certain commodity prices, interest rates, and credit extended to customers. Each of these risks is discussed below. 
 Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the translation of local currency balances of foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in currencies other than a location s functional currency. 
 Our investments in certain foreign subsidiaries are recorded in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As these foreign currency denominated investments are translated at the end of each period during consolidation using period-end exchange rates, fluctuations of exchange rates between the foreign currency and the U.S. dollar increase or decrease the value of those investments. These fluctuations and the results of operations for foreign subsidiaries, where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, are translated into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rates during the year, while the assets and liabilities are translated using period end exchange rates. The assets and liabilities-related translation adjustments are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We generally view our investments in international subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar as long-term. As a result, we do not generally use derivatives to manage these net investments. However, we designated euro debt issued by Belden Inc., a USD functional currency entity, as a net investment hedge of certain international subsidiaries. See Note 16 for further discussion. 
 Transactions denominated in currencies other than a location s functional currency may produce receivables or payables that are fixed in terms of the amount of foreign currency that will be received or paid. A change in exchange rates between the functional currency and the currency in which a transaction is denominated increases or decreases the expected amount of functional currency cash flows upon settlement of the transaction. That increase or decrease in expected functional currency cash flows is a foreign exchange transaction gain or loss that is included in our operating income in the Consolidated Statements of Operatio ns. In 2022 and 2021, we recorded approximately 2.8 million and 1.7 million, respectively, of net foreign currency transaction losses. 
 Generally, the currency in which we sell our products is the same as the currency in which we incur the costs to manufacture our products, resulting in a natural hedge. Our currency exchange rate management strategy primarily involves the use of natural techniques, where possible, such as the offsetting or netting of like-currency cash flows. However, we re-evaluate our strategy as the foreign currency environment changes, and it is possible that we could utilize derivative financial instruments to manage this risk in the future. We did not have any foreign currency derivatives outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Our exposure to currency rate fluctuations primarily relates to exchange rate movements between the U.S. dollar and the euro, Canadian dollar, Hong Kong dollar, Chinese yuan, Mexican peso, Australian dollar, British pound, Indian rupee, and Swiss franc. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Commodity Price Risk 
 Certain raw materials used by us are subject to price volatility caused by supply conditions, political and economic variables, and other unpredictable factors. The primary purpose of our commodity price management activities is to manage the volatility associated with purchases of commodities in the normal course of business. We do not speculate on commodity prices. 
 We are exposed to price risk related to our purchase of copper used in our products, although we are generally able to raise selling prices to customers to cover the increase in copper costs. Our copper price management strategy involves the use of natural techniques, where possible, such as purchasing copper for future delivery at fixed prices. We do not generally use commodity price derivatives and did not have any outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The following table presents unconditional commodity purchase obligations outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The unconditional purchase obligations will settle during 2023. 
 Purchase Amount Fair Value (In thousands, except average price) Unconditional copper purchase obligations: Commitment volume in pounds 4,177 Weighted average price per pound 3.73 Commitment amounts 15,564 15,894 
 We are also exposed to price risk related to our purchase of selected commodities derived from petrochemical feedstocks used in our products. We generally purchase these commodities based upon market prices established with the vendors as part of the purchase process. Pricing of these commodities is volatile as they tend to fluctuate with the price of oil. Historically, we have not used commodity financial instruments to hedge prices for commodities derived from petrochemical feedstocks. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have occasionally managed our debt portfolio by using interest rate derivative instruments, such as swap agreements, to achieve an overall desired position of fixed and floating rates. We were not a party to any interest rate derivative instruments as of or for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. The following table provides information about our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The following table presents principal amounts by expected maturity date and fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 Principal Amount by Expected Maturity Fair Value 2023 Thereafter Total (In thousands, except interest rates) 450.0 million fixed-rate senior subordinated notes due 2027 480,330 480,330 438,301 Average interest rate 3.375 350.0 million fixed-rate senior subordinated notes due 2028 373,590 373,590 341,368 Average interest rate 3.875 300.0 million fixed-rate senior subordinated notes due 2031 320,220 320,220 266,583 Average interest rate 3.375 Total 1,174,140 1,046,252 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. We are exposed to credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to these financial instruments. We place cash and ca sh equivalents with various high-quality financial institutions throughout the world, and exposure is limited at any one financial institution. Although we do not obtain collateral or other security to support these financial instruments, we evaluate the credit standing of the counterparty financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022, we had 28.8 million in accounts receivable outstanding from our largest customer. This represented approximately 7 of our total accounts receivable outstanding at December 31, 2022. Outstanding receivables are generally paid within thirty to sixty days of invoice receipt. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Belden Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Belden Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue recognition - estimating variable consideration Description of the Matter As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company enters into sales contracts that provide certain customers with special price reductions and product return rights, resulting in variable consideration. At the time of sale, the Company establishes a reserve for the estimate of adjustments to variable consideration and recognizes the reserve by reducing revenues. Estimates are based on a percentage of revenues and the average time period between the original sale and the issuance of the adjustments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a reserve for estimated price adjustments of 24.3 million, which was recognized as a reduction of revenues and accounts receivable, and a reserve of 11.7 million for estimated returns, which was recognized as a reduction of revenues and included in accrued liabilities. 
 Auditing the Company's measurement of variable consideration for estimated pricing adjustments and returns involved especially challenging judgment because the estimates involved subjective management assumptions, including historical adjustments as a percentage of revenues and the estimated period of time between the original sale and the issuance of the adjustment. The estimates developed by the Company are also dependent on historical experience, anticipated sales demand, and trends in product pricing. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's processes to calculate the variable consideration, including the process to determine and evaluate the underlying assumptions about estimates of variable consideration related to expected pricing adjustments and returns. 
 
 We performed audit procedures related to the Company s estimates of variable consideration including, among others, evaluating the significant assumptions and the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in the Company's calculation. This included testing the Company's estimate of historical adjustments as a percentage of revenues and the average time period between the original sale and the issuance of the adjustment. In addition, we inspected the results of the Company's retrospective review of adjustments reserved compared to actual adjustments issued, evaluated the estimates made based on historical experience and performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the changes in variable consideration that would result from changes in the Company's significant assumptions. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1993. 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 February 24, 2023 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Belden Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except par value) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories, net Other current assets Assets of discontinued operations Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization Deferred income taxes Other long-lived assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Liabilities of discontinued operations Total current liabilities Long-term debt Postretirement benefits Deferred income taxes Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value per share shares authorized; shares issued; and shares outstanding at 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost and shares at 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Total Belden stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Belden Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share amounts) Revenues Cost of sales ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Research and development expenses ) ) ) Amortization of intangibles ) ) ) Asset impairments ) Gain on sale of asset Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) Non-operating pension benefit (cost) Gain on sale of note receivable Income from continuing operations before taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Gain (loss) from disposal of discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income (loss) attributable to Belden common stockholders ) Weighted average number of common shares and equivalents: Basic Diluted Basic income (loss) per share attributable to Belden common stockholders: Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) ) ) Disposal of discontinued operations ) ) Net income (loss) ) Diluted income (loss) per share attributable to Belden common stockholders: Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) ) ) Disposal of discontinued operations ) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Belden Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net income (loss) ) Foreign currency translation, net of tax ) Adjustments to pension and postretirement liability, net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Belden ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Belden Inc. 
 Consolidated Cash Flow Statements Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Loss on debt extinguishment Asset impairments Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Gain on sale of asset ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of the effects of exchange rate changes, acquired businesses, and disposals: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) Income taxes ) ) Other assets ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from disposal of businesses, net of cash sold Proceeds from disposal of tangible assets Purchase of intangible assets ) Cash from (used for) acquisitions and investments, net of cash acquired ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments under borrowing arrangements ) ) ) Payments under share repurchase program ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Withholding tax payments for share-based payment awards ) ) ) Payments under financing lease obligations ) ) ) Payment of earnout consideration ) Debt issuance costs paid ) Payments to noncontrolling interest holders ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Borrowings under credit arrangements Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 The Consolidated Cash Flow Statement includes the results of our discontinued operations up to their disposal date - February 22, 2022 and July 2, 2020 for Tripwire and Grass Valley, respectively. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Belden Inc. 
 Consolidated Stockholders Equity Statements Belden Inc. Stockholders Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount (In thousands) Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Retirement Savings Plan stock contributions ) Exercise of stock options, net of tax withholding forfeitures ) ) Conversion of restricted stock units into common stock, net of tax withholding forfeitures ) ) Share repurchase program ) ) ) Share-based compensation Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) ) Retirement Savings Plan stock contributions ) Exercise of stock options, net of tax withholding forfeitures ) ) Conversion of restricted stock units into common stock, net of tax withholding forfeitures ) ) Share-based compensation Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Common stock issuance ) Retirement Savings Plan stock contributions ) Exercise of stock options, net of tax withholding forfeitures ) ) Conversion of restricted stock units into common stock, net of tax withholding forfeitures ) ) Share repurchase program ) ) ) Share-based compensation Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1: 
 global businesses Enterprise Solutions and Industrial Automation Solutions. We re moving beyond connectivity, from what we make to what we make possible through a performance-driven portfolio, forward-thinking expertise and purpose-built solutions. We are aligned with attractive secular growth markets, positioned to provide comprehensive solutions that drive customer outcomes, focused on new product innovation and technology leadership, and committed to sustainable ESG practices. 
 
 Note 2: 
 43 

Table of Contents 

During 2022, 2021, and 2020 we utilized Level 1 inputs to determine the fair value of cash equivalents and Level 2 and Level 3 inputs to determine the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations (see Note 4) and for impairment testing (see Note 13). We did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements during 2022. 
 percent of the prior year s purchases, in exchange for an order of equal or greater value. Until we can process these reductions, corrections, and returns (together, the Changes) through individual customer records, we estimate the amount of outstanding Changes and recognize them by reducing revenues. We base these estimates on historical and anticipated sales demand, trends in product pricing, and historical and anticipated Changes patterns. We make revisions to these estimates in the period in which the facts that give rise to each revision become known. Future market conditions might require us to take actions to further reduce prices and increase customer return authorizations. Unprocessed Changes recognized against our gross accounts receivable, such as price reductions, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totale d million and million, respectively. Unprocessed Changes recognized as accrued liabilities, such as product returns, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled million an d million, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively. We also recognized bad debt expense, net of recoveries, in selling, general and administrative expenses of million, million, and million in 2022 , 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 The allowances for excess and obsolete inventories at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million, respe ctively. 
 to years for buildings, to years for machinery and equipment, and to years for computer equipment and software. Construction in process reflects amounts incurred for property, plant and equipment not yet placed into service. We charge maintenance and repairs both planned major activities and less-costly, ongoing activities to expense as incurred. We capitalize interest costs associated with the construction of capital assets and amortize the costs over the assets useful lives. Depreciation expense is included in costs of sales; selling, general and administrative expenses; and research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations based on the specific categorization and use of the underlying assets being depreciated. 
 We review property, plant and equipment to determine whether an event or change in circumstances indicates the carrying values of the assets may not be recoverable. We base our evaluation on the nature of the assets, the future economic benefit of the assets, and any historical or future profitability measurements, as well as other external market conditions or factors that may be present. If such impairment indicators are present or other factors exist that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, we determine whether impairment has occurred through the use of an undiscounted cash flow analysis. If impairment has occurred, we recognize a loss for the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset. 
 For purposes of impairment testing of long-lived assets, we have identified asset groups at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Generally, our asset groups are based on an individual plant or operating facility level. In some circumstances, however, a combination of plants or operating facilities may be considered the asset group due to interdependence of operational activities and cash flows. 
 
 or less for backlog to more than years for certain of our customer relationships. We determine the amortization method for our definite-lived intangible assets based on the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed. In the event we cannot reliably determine that pattern, we utilize a straight-line amortization method. 
 We test our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization for impairment on an annual basis as of our fiscal November month-end or when indicators of impairment exist. We base our estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are not predictable with precision and therefore are inherently uncertain. Actual future results could differ from these estimates. 
 The accounting guidance related to goodwill impairment testing allows for the performance of an optional qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Such an evaluation is made based on the weight of all available evidence and the significance of all identified events and circumstances that may influence the fair value of a reporting unit. If it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is required for the reporting unit, as described in the paragraph below. In 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment over five of our reporting units. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 of our reporting units. Under a quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment, we determine the fair value using the income approach (using Level 3 inputs). Under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets including goodwill assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit s net assets including goodwill exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, then we record an impairment charge based on that difference. In addition to the income approach, we calculate the fair value of our reporting units under a market approach. The market approach measures the fair value of a reporting unit through analysis of financial multiples of comparable businesses. Consideration is given to the financial conditions and operating performance of the reporting unit being valued relative to those publicly-traded companies operating in the same or similar lines of business. Based on our annual goodwill impairment test, the excess fair value over the carrying value for the reporting unit tested under the quantitative income approach was . Using both an income approach and market approach, we determined that there was no impairment during 2022. During 2021 and 2020, we did t recognize any goodwill impairment from continuing operations other than a million impairment in 2021 in connection with the sale of our oil and gas business in Brazil. See Notes 5 and 13 for further discussion. 
 We also evaluate indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment annually or at other times if events have occurred or circumstances exist that indicate the carrying values of those assets may no longer be recoverable. We compare the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to that excess. We did t recognize impairment charges for our indefinite lived intangible assets from continuing operations in 2022, 2021, or 2020. See Note 13 for further discussion. 
 We review intangible assets subject to amortization whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates the carrying values of the assets may not be recoverable. We test intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment and estimate their fair values using the same assumptions and techniques we employ on property, plant and equipment. We did t recognize any impairment charges for amortizable intangible assets from continuing operations in 2022, 2021, or 2020 other than a million impairment in 2021 in connection with the sale of our oil and gas business in Brazil. See Note 5. Discontinued operations includes an impairment charge in 2021 of million related to the Tripwire divestiture and an impairment charge in 2020 of million related to the Grass Valley divestiture. See Notes 5 and 13. 

Accrued sales rebates at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million, respecti vely. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 million in Litmus for a noncontrolling ownership interest. Litmus provides the critical data connectivity needed to monitor, visualize, analyze, and integrate industrial data. We account for this investment using the equity method of accounting. The carrying value of our investment is included in Other Long-Lived Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The results of our investment in Litmus were not material to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

47 

Table of Contents 

Advertising costs were million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 million was primarily related to net operating losses and capital losses that we do not currently expect to realize. 
 
 Our effective tax rate is based on expected income, statutory tax rates, and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish accruals for uncertain tax positions when we believe that the full amount of the associated tax benefit may not be realized. To the extent we were to prevail in matters for which accruals have been established or would be required to pay amounts in excess of reserves, there could be a material effect on our income tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Act) was signed into law. We are evaluating the effect that the Act will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. None of the tax provisions of the Act are expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Note 3: 
 
 Industrial Automation Solutions Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 Enterprise Solutions Industrial Automation Solutions Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 Enterprise Solutions Industrial Automation Solutions Total 
 The following tables present our revenues disaggregated by geography, based on the location of the customer purchasing the product (in thousands). 
 Americas EMEA APAC Total Revenues Year Ended December 31, 2022 Enterprise Solutions Industrial Automation Solutions Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 Enterprise Solutions Industrial Automation Solutions Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 Enterprise Solutions Industrial Automation Solutions Total 
 
 We generate revenues primarily by selling products that provide secure and reliable transmission of data, sound, and video for mission critical applications. We also generate revenues from providing support and professional services. We sell our products to distributors, end-users, installers, and directly to original equipment manufacturers. At times, we enter into arrangements that involve the delivery of multiple performance obligations. For these arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price and recognized when or as each performance obligation is satisfied. Generally, we determine standalone selling price using the prices charged to customers on a standalone basis. Typically, payments are due after control transfers. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued returns included in accrued liabilities Price adjustment recognized against gross accounts receivable 
 
 Depending on the terms of an arrangement, we may defer the recognition of a portion of the consideration received because we must satisfy a future performance obligation. Consideration allocated to support services under a support and maintenance contract is typically paid in advance and recognized ratably over the term of the service. Consideration allocated to professional services is recognized when or as the services are performed depending on the terms of the arrangement. As of December 31, 2022 , total deferred revenue was million, and of this amount, million is expected to be recognized within the next twelve months, and the remaining million is long-term and will be recognized over a period greater than twelve months. 

New deferrals Acquisitions Revenue recognized ) Balance at December 31, 2021 New deferrals Acquisitions Revenue recognized ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 S ervice-type warranties represent million of the deferred revenue balance at December 31, 2022 , and of this amount million is expected to be recognized in the next twelve months, and the remaining million is long-term and will be recognized over a period greater than twelve months. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we did not have any material contract assets recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 million , million, and million of sales commissions expense in selling, general, and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 50 

Note 4: 
 acquisitions. On January 17, 2022, we acquired Macmon for million, net of cash acquired. Macmon, based in Berlin, Germany, is a leading provider of products and services that secure network infrastructure in a variety of mission critical industries. On March 3, 2022, we acquired NetModule for million, net of cash acquired. NetModule, based in Bern, Switzerland, is a leading provider of reliable, fast and secure wireless network infrastructures through advanced capabilities in 5G and WiFi6 technologies in a variety of mission critical industries with a strong focus on mass transit and intelligent traffic systems within the transportation vertical. On April 15, 2022, we acquired CAI for million, net of cash acquired. CAI is headquartered in Anniston, Alabama and designs, manufactures, and sells a range of plug-in radio frequency filters used in outside plant hybrid fiber-coax nodes. The results of operations of each acquisition have been included in our results of operations from their respective acquisition dates. The acquisitions were not material to our consolidated results of operations. Macmon and NetModule are included in the Industrial Automation Solutions segment, and CAI is included in the Enterprise Solutions segment. All acquisitions were funded with cash on hand. acquisitions in total as of their respective acquisition dates (in thousands): 
 Inventory Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets 
 The above purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to revision as additional information about the fair value of individual assets and liabilities becomes available. The preliminary measurement of receivables, intangible assets, goodwill, deferred income taxes, and other assets and liabilities are subject to change. A change in the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired will change the amount of the purchase price allocable to goodwill. 
 The preliminary fair value of acquired receivables is million, which is equivalent to its gross contractual amount. A single estimate of fair value results from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and relies heavily on estimates and assumptions. The judgments we have used in estimating the preliminary fair values assigned to each class of acquired assets and assumed liabilities could materially affect the results of our operations. 
 For purposes of the above allocation, we based our preliminary estimate of the fair values for intangible assets on valuation studies performed by a third party valuation firm. We used various valuation methods including discounted cash flows, lost income, excess earnings, and relief from royalty to estimate the preliminary fair value of the identifiable intangible assets (Level 3 valuation). Goodwill and other intangible assets reflected above were determined to meet the criteria for recognition apart from tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The goodwill is primarily attributable to the expansion of industrial automation and broadband 5G product offerings in end-to-end solutions. Our tax basis in the acquired goodwill is . acquisitions consisted of the following: 
 51 

Customer relationships Trademarks Sales backlog Non-compete agreements Total intangible assets subject to amortization Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Goodwill n/a Total intangible assets not subject to amortization Total intangible assets Weighted average amortization period 
 The amortizable intangible assets reflected in the table above were determined by us to have finite lives. The useful life for the developed technology intangible asset was based on the estimated time that the technology provides us with a competitive advantage and thus approximates the period and pattern of consumption of the intangible asset. The useful life for the customer relationship intangible asset was based on our forecasts of estimated sales from recurring customers. The useful life for the trademarks was based on the period of time we expect to continue to go to market using the trademarks. 
 Opterna International Corp. 
 million. The earn-out period ended in 2021, and the financial targets tied to the earn-out were not achieved. We reduced the earn-out liability to and recognized a million benefit in Selling, General and Administrative Expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021. This benefit was excluded from Segment EBITDA of our Enterprise Solutions segment. 
 
 Note 5: 
 million. T he divestiture of Tripwire represented a strategic shift impacting our operations and financial results. As a result, the Tripwire disposal group, which was included in our Industrial Automation Solutions segment, is reported within discontinued operations. We recognized a loss on disposal of discontinued operations, net of tax of million during 2022. 
 
 Cost of sales ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Research and development expenses ) ) ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) ) Asset impairments ) Loss before taxes ) ) ) 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, th e Tripwire disposal group had capital expenditu res of million and recognized share-based compensation expense of million . During the year ended December 31, 2020, th e Tripwire disposal group had capital expenditu res of million and recognized share-based compensation expense of million . The disposal group did not have any significant non-cash charges for investing activities during the years ended December 31 , 2022, 2021, and 2020 . 
 Receivables, net Inventories, net Other current assets Property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization Deferred income taxes Other long-lived assets Total assets of Tripwire disposal group Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred income taxes Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities of Tripwire disposal group 
 
 The Tripwire disposal group also had million of accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2021. 
 Brazil Oil Gas Cable Business 
 During 2021, we sold our oil and gas cable business in Brazil that met all of the criteria to classify the assets and liabilities of this business, formerly part of the Industrial Automation Solutions segment, as held for sale. At such time, the carrying value of the disposal group exceeded the fair value less costs to sell, which we determined based upon the expected sale price, by million. Therefore, we recognized an impairment charge of million (includes a goodwill impairment of million and intangible asset impairment of million) in 2021. The impairment charge was excluded from Segment EBITDA of our Industrial Automation Solutions segment. We completed the sale of our oil and gas cable business in Brazil during 2021 for million, net of cash delivered with the business. 
 Grass Valley 
 During 2020, we sold Grass Valley to Black Dragon Capital for gross cash consideration of million, or approximately million net of cash delivered with the business. We recognized a loss of million, net of million income tax expense and recognized asset impairments totaling million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The divestiture of Grass Valley represented a strategic shift impacting our operations and financial results. As a result, the Grass Valley disposal group, which was included in our Enterprise Solutions segment, is reported in discontinued operations. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

million seller s note, up to million in PIK (payment-in-kind) interest on the seller s note, and million in potential earnout payments. Based upon a third party valuation specialist using certain assumptions in a Monte Carlo analysis, the estimated fair value of the seller s note was million. During 2021, we sold the seller's note to a third party for million and recognized a gain on sale of million. We accounted for the earnout under a loss recovery approach and did not record an asset as of the disposal date. Any subsequent recognition of an earnout will be based on the gain contingency guidance. 
 
 Cost of sales ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Research and development expenses ) Asset impairment of discontinued operations ) Interest expense, net ) Non-operating pension cost ) Loss before taxes ) 
 
 million and million, respectively. The disposal group did not have any significant non-cash charges for investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Note 6: 
 global businesses: Enterprise Solutions and Industrial Automation Solutions. Each of the global businesses represents a reportable segment. In conjunction with the Tripwire divestiture during 2022, we changed the name of our former Industrial Solutions segment to Industrial Automation Solutions. The composition of the segment did not change as a result of this name change. The segments design, manufacture, and market a portfolio of signal transmission solutions for mission critical applications used in a variety of end markets. We sell the products manufactured by our segments through distributors or directly to systems integrators, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), end-users, and installers. 
 The key measures of segment profit or loss reviewed by our chief operating decision maker are Segment Revenues and Segment EBITDA. Segment Revenues represent non-affiliate revenues. Segment EBITDA excludes certain items, including depreciation expense; amortization of intangibles; asset impairment; severance, restructuring, and acquisition integration costs; adjustments related to acquisitions and divestitures; and other costs. We allocate corporate expenses to the segments for purposes of measuring Segment EBITDA. Corporate expenses are allocated on the basis of each segment s relative EBITDA prior to the allocation. 
 Our measure of segment assets does not include cash, goodwill, intangible assets, deferred tax assets, or corporate assets. All goodwill is allocated to reporting units of our segments for purposes of impairment testing. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Segment EBITDA Depreciation expense Amortization of intangibles Amortization of software development intangible assets Adjustments related to acquisitions and divestitures ) Severance, restructuring, and acquisition integration costs Acquisition of property, plant and equipment Segment assets 
 
 Industrial Automation Solutions Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Segment revenues Segment EBITDA Depreciation expense Amortization of intangibles Amortization of software development intangible assets Adjustments related to acquisitions and divestitures Severance, restructuring, and acquisition integration costs Asset impairments Acquisition of property, plant and equipment Segment assets 
 
 Total Segments Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Segment revenues Segment EBITDA Depreciation expense Amortization of intangibles Amortization of software development intangible assets Adjustments related to acquisitions and divestitures ) Severance, restructuring, and acquisition integration costs Asset impairments Acquisition of property, plant and equipment Segment assets 

55 

Table of Contents 

Total Segment EBITDA Depreciation expense ) ) ) Amortization of intangibles ) ) ) Severance, restructuring, and acquisition integration costs (1) ) ) ) Adjustments related to acquisitions and divestitures (2) ) ) Amortization of software development intangible assets ) ) ) Asset impairments (3) ) Gain on sale of asset (4) Eliminations ) ) ) Consolidated operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) Non-operating pension benefit (cost) Gain on sale of note receivable Consolidated income from continuing operations before taxes 
 (1) See Note 15, Severance, Restructuring, and Acquisiti on Integration Activities, for details . 
 (2) In 2022, we incurred million for lease guarantees associated with the Grass Valley disposal (see Note 12), million related to fair value adjustments of acquired inventory and investments, and gains of million on collections from previously written off receivables associated with the sale of Grass Valley. In 2021, we collected million of receivables associated with the sale of Grass Valley and acquisition of SPC that were previously written off, reduced the Opterna earn-out liability by million, recognized cost of sales of million related to adjustments of acquired inventory to fair value, and recognized a million loss on the sale of tangible assets. In 2020, we recognized million of cost of sales related to adjustments of acquired inventory to fair value. 
 (3) In 2021, we recognized a million impairment on assets held and used and a million impairment on assets held for sale . See Note 11, Property, Plant, and Equipment , for details. 
 (4) During 2022, we sold certain real estate in the United States for million, net of transaction costs and recognized a million pre-tax gain on sale. See Note 11, Property, Plant, and Equipment , for details. 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Goodwill 
 Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Corporate assets 
 Assets of discontinued operations 
 Total assets Total segment acquisition of property, plant and equipment Corporate acquisition of property, plant and equipment Discontinued operations acquisition of property, plant and equipment Total acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Percent of total revenues Long-lived assets Year ended December 31, 2021 Revenues Percent of total revenues Long-lived assets Year ended December 31, 2020 Revenues Percent of total revenues Long-lived assets 
 Major Customer 
 Revenues generated in both the Enterprise Solutions and Industrial Automation Solutions segments from our largest customer were approximately million of revenues), million of revenues), and million of revenues) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had million and million in accounts receivable outstanding from this customer, which represented approximately and of our total accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Note 7: 
 ownership percentage in a joint venture with Shanghai Hi-Tech Control System Co, Ltd (Hite). The purpose of the joint venture is to develop and provide certain Industrial Automation Solutions products and integrated solutions to customers in China. Belden and Hite are committed to fund million and million, respectively, to the joint venture in the future. The joint venture is determined to not have sufficient equity at risk; therefore, it is considered a variable interest entity. We have determined that Belden is the primary beneficiary of the joint venture, due to both our ownership percentage and our control over the activities of the joint venture that most significantly impact its economic performance based on the terms of the joint venture agreement with Hite. Because Belden is the primary beneficiary of the joint venture, we have consolidated the joint venture in our financial statements. The results of the joint venture attributable to Hite s ownership are presented as net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The joint venture is not material to our consolidated financial statements as of or for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 million. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8: 
 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Income from continuing operations attributable to Belden common stockholders Add: Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Add: Gain (loss) on disposal of discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Belden common stockholders ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding, basic Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding is used to calculate diluted loss per share when the numerator is a loss because using diluted weighted average shares outstanding would be anti-dilutive. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, diluted weighted average shares outstanding exclude outstanding equity awards of million , million, and million, respectively, which are anti-dilutive. In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, diluted weighted average shares outstanding do not include outstanding equity awards of million, million, and million, respectively, because the related performance conditions have not been satisfied. 
 For purposes of calculating basic earnings per share, unvested restricted stock units are not included in the calculation of basic weighted average shares outstanding until all necessary conditions have been satisfied and issuance of the shares underlying the restricted stock units is no longer contingent. Necessary conditions are not satisfied until the vesting date, at which time holders of our restricted stock units receive shares of our common stock. 
 For purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share, unvested restricted stock units are included to the extent that they are dilutive. In determining whether unvested restricted stock units are dilutive, each issuance of restricted stock units is considered separately. 
 Once a restricted stock unit has vested, it is included in the calculation of both basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding. 
 
 Note 9: 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Current period provision Write-offs ) Recoveries collected ) Disposals ) Currency impact ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Current period provision Write-offs ) Recoveries collected ) Acquisitions Currency impact ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 10: 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Gross inventories Excess and obsolete reserves ) ) Net inventories 
 
 Note 11: 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Computer equipment and software Construction in process Gross property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net property, plant and equipment 
 Depreciation Expense 
 We recognized depreciation expense in income from continuing operations of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 59 

million, net of transaction costs and recognized a million pre-tax gain on sale. This gain on sale was excluded from Segment EBITDA of our Industrial Automation Solutions segment. 
 Sale-Leaseback 
 During 2021, we sold certain real estate in Germany as part of a sale and leaseback transaction for million (approximately million) and recognized a million loss on the sale. The lease is for a term of years and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, had a total right-of-use asset balance of million and million, respectively. When the assets met the held for sale criteria during 2021, we performed a recoverability test and determined that the carrying values of the assets were not recoverable and as a result, recognized a million impairment charge to write them down to fair value. The impairment charge was excluded from Segment EBITDA of our Industrial Automation Solutions segment. 
 Asset Impairment 
 During 2021, we sold our oil and gas business in Brazil and recognized an impairment charge of million (includes a goodwill impairment of million and intangible asset impairment of million). See Note 5. 
 
 million impairment charge to write them down to fair value. This impairment charge was excluded from Segment EBITDA of our Industrial Automation Solutions segment. 
 
 Note 12: 
 year to years, some of which include options to extend the lease for a period of up to years and some include options to terminate the leases within 1 year. We do not assume renewals in our determination of the lease term unless the renewals are deemed to be reasonably certain as of the commencement date of the lease. Our lease agreements do not contain material residual value guarantees, and our variable lease payments were million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We have entered into various short-term operating leases with an initial term of twelve months or less. These leases are not recorded on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 or 2021, and the rent expense for short-term leases was not material. 
 We have certain property and equipment lease contracts that may contain lease and non-lease components, and we have elected to utilize the practical expedient to account for these components together as a single combined lease component. 
 As the rate implicit in most of our leases is not readily determinable, we use the incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments, which is unique to each leased asset and is based upon the term, commencement date, location, and local currency of the leased asset as well as the credit rating of the legal entity leasing the asset. 
 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of right-of-use asset Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost 
 
 60 

Operating and financing cash flows from finance leases were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 S 
 Accrued liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Other long-lived assets, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Other long-lived assets, net Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total finance lease liabilities years years Finance leases years years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

61 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 
 lease guarantees, whereby Belden has covenanted the lease payments for two Grass Valley property leases which expire in 2029 and 2035 and collectively have approximately million of fixed lease payments remaining. These lease guarantees were retained by Belden and not transferred to Black Dragon Capital as part of the Grass Valley sale in 2020 (see Note 5) million related to the guarantees in selling, general and administrative expenses. These costs were excluded from Segment EBITDA of our Enterprise Solutions segment. As of December 31, 2022, million of the million remained as a liability for expected, future payments. The liability is based on certain assumptions, such as receiving a level of sublease income, that we will reassess on an ongoing basis. We will update the estimated liability balance for changes in assumptions as needed. 
 
 Note 13: 
 Definite-lived intangible assets subject to amortization: Developed technology ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Trademarks ) ) Backlog ) ) In-service research and development ) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) Total intangible assets subject to amortization ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trademarks Total intangible assets not subject to amortization Intangible assets ) ) 

62 

Acquisitions Impairment ) ) Translation impact 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Translation impact ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Reclassify to definite-lived ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 and 2022 
 Annual Impairment Test 
 The annual measurement date for our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment test is our fiscal November month-end. For our 2022 goodwill impairment test, we performed a quantitative assessment for of our reporting units and determined the estimated fair value by calculating the present value of its estimated future cash flows using Level 3 inputs. We determined that the fair value for the reporting unit was in excess of its carrying value. We performed a qualitative assessment for the remaining reporting units, and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit was greater than its respective carrying value. Therefore, we did t record any goodwill impairment in 2022. We did t recognize any goodwill impairment from continuing operations in 2021 or 2020 other than a million impairment in 2021 in connection with the sale of our oil and gas business in Brazil. See Note 5. 
 For our quantitative impairment test in 2022, the excess of the fair value over the carrying value for the reporting unit was . The assumptions used to estimate fair value were based on the past performance of the reporting unit as well as the projections incorporated in our strategic plan. Significant assumptions included sales growth, profitability, and related cash flows, along with cash flows associated with taxes and capital spending. The discount rate used to estimate fair value was risk adjusted in consideration of the economic conditions in effect at the time of the impairment test. We also considered assumptions that market participants may use. In our assessment, the discount rate was , the 2023 to 2032 compounded annual revenue growth rate was , and the revenue growth rate beyond 2032 was . By their nature, these assumptions involve risks and uncertainties. There is inherent risk associated with using an income approach to estimate fair values. If actual results are significantly different from our estimates or assumptions, we may have to recognize impairment charges that could be material. 
 We tested our indefinite-lived intangible asset, a trademark, for impairment during the fourth quarter using a quantitative assessment. We determined the fair value of the trademark using a relief from royalty methodology and compared the fair value to the carrying value. Significant assumptions to determine fair value included sales growth, royalty rates, and discount rates. We did t recognize any indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 Disposal Group Impairment 
 Prior to the Tripwire divestiture in 2022, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of million during 2021. We also wrote down the carrying value of the Grass Valley disposal group and recognized asset impairments totaling million during 2020. See Note 5. 
 63 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We expect to recognize annual amortization expense of million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, and million in 2027 related to our intangible assets balance as of December 31, 2022. 
 The weighted-average amortization period for our customer relationships, developed technology, trademarks, in-service research and development, non-compete agreements, and backlog is years, years, years, years, years, and years, respectively. 
 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net book value of this trademark was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 14: 
 Accrued rebates Employee benefits Deferred revenue Accrued interest Lease liabilities Other (individual items less than 5 of total current liabilities) Accrued liabilities 
 
 Note 15: 
 million of severance and other restructuring costs for this program during the year ended December 31 , 2022 . The costs were incurred by both the Enterprise Solutions and In dustrial Automation Solutions segments. 
 
 Acquisition Integration Program 
 We are integrating our recent acquisitions with our existing businesses to achieve desired cost savings, which are primarily focused on consolidating existing and acquired facilities as well as other support functions. We recognized million, million, and million of severance and other restructuring costs for this program during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These costs were incurred by both the Enterprise Solutions and Industrial Automation Solutions segments . 
 
 Cost Reduction Program 
 We executed a cost reduction program to streamline the organizational structure and invest in technology to drive productivity. We recognized million and million of severance and other restructuring costs for this program during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These costs were incurred by both the Enterprise Solutions and Industrial Automation Solutions segments. 
 64 

Industrial Automation Solutions Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 Enterprise Solutions Industrial Automation Solutions Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 Enterprise Solutions Industrial Automation Solutions Total 
 
 The restructuring and integration costs incurred during 2022, 2021 and 2020 primarily consisted of equipment transfer, costs to consolidate operating and support facilities, retention bonuses, relocation, travel, legal, and other costs. The majority of the restructuring and integration costs related to these actions were paid as incurred or are payable within the next days. 
 
 There were no significant severance accrual balances as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 The following table summarizes the severance and other restructuring and integration costs of the Manufacturing Footprint Program, Acquisition Integration Program and Cost Reduction Program described above by financial statement line item in the Consolidated Statement of Operations: 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total 

65 

Note 16: 
 Senior subordinated notes: Senior subordinated notes due 2026 
 Senior subordinated notes due 2027 
 Senior subordinated notes due 2028 
 Senior subordinated notes due 2031 
 Total senior subordinated notes Less unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt 
 Revolving Credit Agreement due 2026 
 In 2021, we entered into an amended and restated Revolving Credit Agreement that provides a million multi-currency asset-based revolving credit facility (the Revolver). The maturity date of the Revolver is June 2, 2026. The borrowing base under the Revolver includes eligible accounts receivable; inventory; and property, plant and equipment of certain of our subsidiaries in the United States, Canada, Germany, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Interest on outstanding borrowings is variable, based upon LIBOR or other similar indices in foreign jurisdictions, plus a spread that ranges from - , depending upon our leverage position. Outstanding borrowings in the U.S. and Canada may also, at our election, 
 be priced on a base rate plus a spread that ranges from , depending on our leverage position. We pay a commitment fee on our available borrowing capacity of . In the event we borrow more than of our combined borrowing base or our borrowing base availability is less than million, we are subject to a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant. In 2021, we paid approximately million of fees when we amended the Revolver, which are being amortized over the remaining term of the Revolver. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowings outstanding on the Revolver, and our available borrowing capacity was million. 
 
 In April 2020, we borrowed million on our Revolver due to the initial uncertainties arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. We fully repaid the borrowings during 2020. 
 
 Senior Subordinated Notes 
 We had outstanding million aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes). In 2021, we repurchased the full million 2025 Notes outstanding for cash consideration of million million), including a redemption premium, and recognized a million loss on debt extinguishment including the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 We had outstanding million aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes). In 2022, we repurchased the full million 2026 Notes outstanding for cash consideration of million million), including a redemption premium, and recognized a million loss on debt extinguishment including the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 We have outstanding million aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes). The carrying value of the 2027 Notes as of December 31, 2022 is million. The 2027 Notes are guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by our current and future domestic subsidiaries. The 2027 Notes rank equal in right of payment with our senior subordinated notes due 2031 and 2028 and with any future subordinated debt, and they are subordinated to all of our senior debt and the senior debt of our subsidiary guarantors, including our Revolver. Interest is payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. 

66 

million aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes). The carrying value of the 2028 Notes as of December 31, 2022 is million. The 2 028 Notes are guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by our current and future domestic subsidiaries. The 2028 Notes rank equal in right of payment with our senior subordinated notes due 2031 and 2027 and with any future subordinated debt, and they are subordinated to all of our senior debt and the senior debt of our subsidiary guarantors, including our Revolver. Interest is payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 of each year. 
 In 2021, we completed an offering for million million at issuance) aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes). The carrying value of the 2031 Notes as of December 31, 2021 is million. The 2031 Notes are guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by our current and future domestic subsidiaries. The 2031 Notes rank equal in right of payment with our senior subordinated notes due 2028 and 2027 and with any future subordinated debt, and they are subordinated to all of our senior debt and the senior debt of our subsidiary guarantor s, including our Revolver. Interest is payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing January 15, 2022. In 2021, we paid approximately million of fees associated with the issuance of the 2031 Notes, which are being amortized over the life of the 2031 Notes using the effective interest method. We used the net proceeds from this offering, along with cash on hand, to fund the full redemption of the 2025 Notes - see further discussion above. 
 2023 2026 2023 2024 2027 2024 2025 2028 2025 and thereafter 2026 and thereafter 2029 and thereafter 
 Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
 The fair value of our senior subordinated notes as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million based on quoted prices of the debt instruments in inactive markets (Level 2 valuation). This amount represents the fair values of our senior subordinated notes with a carrying value of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Maturities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Note 17: 
 million of our outstanding foreign denominated debt is designated as a net investment hedge on the foreign currency risk of our net investment in our euro foreign operations. The objective of the hedge is to protect the net investment in the foreign operation against adverse changes in the euro exchange rate. The transaction gain or loss is reported in the translation million, million, and ) million, respectively. During 2022 and 2020, we de-designated million and million, respectively, of our outstanding debt that was previously designated as a net investment hedge. After the de-designation, transaction gains or losses associated with this debt are reported in income from continuing operations. 
 67 

Note 18: ) Foreign operations Income before taxes Income tax expense (benefit): Currently payable United States federal United States state and local Foreign Deferred United States federal United States state and local ) Foreign ) Income tax expense 
 
 million, million, and million, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 State and local income taxes ) Impact of change in tax contingencies ) Foreign income tax rate differences ) Impact of change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) Domestic permanent differences and tax credits Impact of share-based compensation Impact of CARES act ) 
 
 In 2022, the most significant difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and our effective tax rate was the impact of foreign tax rate differences. Foreign tax rate differences resulted in an income tax expense (benefit) of ) million, million, and ) million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 An additional significant difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and our effective tax rate was the impact of domestic permanent differences and tax credits. We recognized a total income tax expense from domestic permanent differences and tax credits of million in 2022, primarily associated with our foreign income inclusions. 
 
 In addition, we recognized a total income tax benefit from changes in deferred tax asset valuation allowances of million in 2022, primarily due to the release of a valuation allowance against the capital loss for the sale of certain real estate in the U.S. 
 
 If we were to repatriate foreign cash to the U.S., we may be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes in accordance with applicable U.S. tax rules and regulations as a result of the repatriation. However, it is our intent to permanently reinvest the earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries in those operations and for continued non-U.S. growth opportunities. 
 
 68 

) Right of use asset ) ) ) ) Deferred income tax assets: Postretirement, pensions, and stock compensation Reserves and accruals Net operating loss, capital loss, and tax credit carryforwards Lease liability Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred income tax liability ) ) 
 
 On February 22, 2022, we completed the divestiture of Tripwire. The increase in deferred tax assets related to net operating loss, capital loss, and tax credit carryforwards primarily relates to the million deferred tax asset associated with the capital loss that was derived on the sale. A full valuation allowance has been placed against this deferred tax asset as we do not expect to be able to utilize it prior to its expiration. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million of gross net operating loss carryforwards, million of tax credit carryforwards, and million of gross capital loss carryforwards. Unless otherwise utilized, net operating loss carryforwards will expire upon the filing of the tax returns for the following respective years: million in 2022, million between 2023 and 2025, and million between 2026 and 2041. Net operating loss with an indefinite carryforward period total million. Of the million in net operating loss carryforwards, we have determined, based on the weight of all available evidence, both positive and negative, that we will utilize million of these net operating loss carryforwards within their respective expiration periods. A valuation allowance has been recorded on the remaining portion of the net operating loss carryforwards. 
 
 Unless otherwise utilized, tax credit carryforwards of million will expire as follows: million in 2022, million between 2023 and 2025, and million between 2026 and 2041. Tax credit carryforwards with an indefinite carryforward period total million. We have determined, based on the weight of all available evidence, both positive and negative, that we will utilize million of these tax credit carryforwards within their respective expiration periods. A valuation allowance has been recorded on the remaining portion of the tax credit carryforwards. 
 
 Unless otherwise utilized, of the million in gross capital loss carryforwards, million will expire between 2025 and 2027 and the remaining million have an indefinite carryforward period. A full valuation allowance has been recorded as we do not expect to be able to utilize the capital losses. 
 
 69 

Germany Netherlands Other United Kingdom United States - Federal and various states Total 
 United States Total 
 In 2022, we recognized a net million increase to reserves for uncertain tax positions. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years - Settlement ) Reduction for tax positions of prior years - Statute of limitations ) Balance at end of year 
 The balance of million at December 31, 2022 reflects tax positions that, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. 
 
 Our practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in interest expense and operating expenses, respectively. We have no accrual for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Our federal tax return for the tax years 2014 and later remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Our state and foreign income tax returns for the tax years 2012 and later remain subject to examination by various state and foreign tax authorities. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law. We are evaluating the effect that the Act will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. None of the tax provisions of the Act are expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Note 19: 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 70 

) ) ) Service cost ) ) ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) ) Participant contributions ) ) ) ) Actuarial gain Acquisitions and divestitures ) ) Settlements Other ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) Benefits paid Benefit obligation, end of year ) ) ) ) 
 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Plan participant contributions Acquisitions and divestitures Settlements ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the balance sheets: Prepaid benefit cost Accrued benefit liability, current ) ) ) ) Accrued benefit liability, noncurrent ) ) ) ) Net funded status ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 71 

million, million, and million, re spectively, as of December 31, 2022 and million, million, and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for other postretirement benefit plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets were million and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and were million and , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Settlement loss (gain) ) Other adjustments ) Net loss (gain) recognition ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (income) ) ) 
 
 We recorded settlement losses totaling million and million during 2022 and 2020, respectively. The settlement losses were the result of lump-sum payments to participants that exceeded the sum of the pension plan's respective annual service cost and interest cost amounts. 
 Salary increase N/A N/A Cash balance interest credit rate N/A N/A Weighted average assumptions for net periodic cost for the year: Discount rate Salary increase N/A N/A Cash balance interest credit rate N/A N/A Expected return on assets N/A N/A Assumed health care cost trend rates: Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year N/A N/A Rate that the cost trend rate gradually declines to N/A N/A Year that the rate reaches the rate it is assumed to remain at N/A N/A 2023 2027 
 
 Plan assets are invested using a total return investment approach whereby a mix of equity securities and fixed income securities are used to preserve asset values, diversify risk, and achieve our target investment return benchmark. Investment strategies and asset allocations are based on consideration of the plan liabilities, the plan s funded status, and our financial condition. Investment performance and asset allocation are measured and monitored on an ongoing basis. Plan assets are managed in a balanced portfolio comprised of two major components: an asset growth portion and an asset protection portion. The expected role of asset growth investments is to maximize the long-term real growth of assets, while the role of asset protection 
 72 

- in asset protection investments and - in asset growth investments and for our pension plans where the majority of the participants are in payment or terminated vested status is - in asset protection investments and - in asset growth investments. Asset growth investments include a diversified mix of U.S. and international equity, primarily invested through investment funds. Asset protection investments include government securities and investment grade corporate bonds, primarily invested through investment funds and group insurance contracts. We develop our expected long-term rate of return assumptions based on the historical rates of returns for securities and instruments of the type in which our plans invest. 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the invested assets and future assets to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. We use historic plan asset returns combined with current market conditions to estimate the rate of return. The expected rate of return on plan assets is a long-term assumption based on an analysis of historical and forward looking returns considering the plan s actual and target asset mix. 
 Non-U.S. equities fund Debt securities(b) Government bond fund Corporate bond fund Fixed income fund(c) Liability driven investment fund(d) Other investments(e) Cash equivalents Total 
 
 (a) This category includes investments in actively managed and indexed investment funds that invest in a diversified pool of equity securities of companies located in the U.S., Canada, Western Europe and other developed countries throughout the world. The funds are valued using the net asset value method in which an average of the market prices for the underlying investments is used to value the fund. Equity securities held in separate accounts are valued based on observable quoted prices on active exchanges. 
 (b) This category includes investments in investment funds that invest in U.S. treasuries; other national, state and local government bonds; and corporate bonds of highly rated companies from diversified industries. The funds are valued using the net asset value method in which an average of the market prices for the underlying investments is used to value the fund. 
 (c) This category includes guaranteed insurance contracts and annuity policies. 
 (d) This category includes investments in funds that are designed to provide leveraged exposure to changes in interest rates. The fund purchases shares of funds that invest in government bonds, debt repurchase agreements, total return swaps and interest rate swaps. 
 
 73 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2027-2031 Total 
 We anticipa te contributing million and million to our pension and other postretirement plans, respectively, during 2023. 
 ) Net prior service cost ) 
 Pension Benefits Other Benefits (In thousands) Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss: Net actuarial loss (gain), beginning of year ) Amortization of actuarial gain (loss) ) Actuarial gain ) ) Asset loss Settlement loss recognized ) Currency impact ) Net actuarial loss (gain), end of year ) Prior service cost, beginning of year Amortization of prior service cost ) Currency impact ) Prior service cost, end of year 

74 

Note 20:) ) ) Other comprehensive income attributable to Belden before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) Net current period other comprehensive income attributable to Belden Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income attributable to Belden before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income attributable to Belden Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the tax balances included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the table above are not material. 
 (2) Actuarial losses (2) Prior service cost (2) Total before tax Tax benefit ) Total net of tax 
 (1) We also reclassified million of accumulated foreign currency translation gains associated with the sale of Tripwire. 
 (2) The amortization of these accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit costs (see Note 19). 
 
 Note 21: 
 Income tax benefit 
 75 

years from the grant date. Certain awards provide for accelerated vesting in certain circumstances, including following a change in control of the Company. Restricted stock units with service conditions generally vest - years from the grant date. Restricted stock units issued based on the attainment of the performance conditions generally vest on the second or third anniversary of their grant date. Restricted stock units issued based on the attainment of market conditions generally vest on the third anniversary of their grant date. 
 We recognize compensation cost for all awards based on their fair values. The fair values for SARs are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing formula which incorporates the assumptions noted in the following table. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility, and expected term is based on historical exercise patterns of SAR holders. The fair value of restricted stock units with service vesting conditions or performance vesting conditions is the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. We estimate the fair value of certain restricted stock units with market conditions using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model with the assistance of a third party valuation firm. Compensation costs for awards with service conditions are amortized to expense using the straight-line method. Compensation costs for awards with performance conditions and graded vesting are amortized to expense using the graded attribution method. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, certain restricted stock units with performance vesting conditions were modified as a result of approved changes to the performance targets. There were no other changes to the terms of the restricted stock units. The modification was applicable to all employees who were previously granted the affected restricted stock units. Prior to the modification, the performance targets were not expected to be achieved. Therefore, we had not recognized any expense for these restricted stock units on a cumulative basis. As of the modification date, we expected to recognize total incremental compensation expense as a result of the modification of million. The expense will be recognized over the applicable service periods, which extend to 2023. 
 Total intrinsic value of SARs exercised Tax benefit from SARs exercised Weighted-average fair value of restricted stock units granted Total fair value of restricted stock units vested Expected volatility Expected term (in years) Risk-free rate Dividend yield 
 n/a n/a Granted n/a n/a Exercised or converted ) n/a n/a ) Forfeited or expired ) n/a n/a ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable or convertible at December 31, 2022 
 76 

million. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Historically, we have issued treasury shares, if available, to satisfy award c onversions and exercises. 
 
 Note 22: 
 million of our common stock through open market repurchases, negotiated transactions, or other means, in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. This program is funded with cash on hand and cash flows from operating activities. During 2020, we repurchased million shares of our common stock for an aggregate cost of million at an average price per share of . During 2021, we did t repurchase shares of our common stock. During 2022, we repurchased million shares of our common stock for an aggregate cost of million at an average price per share of . From inception of our program, we have repurchased million shares of our common stock for an aggregate cost of million and an average price of . As of Dec million of authorizations remaining under the program. 
 
 Note 23: 
 largest customers, of which are distributors, constitute in aggregate approximately , , and of revenues in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Unconditional Commodity Purchase Obligations 
 At December 31, 2022, we were committed to purchase approximately million pounds of copper at an aggregate fixed cost of million. At December 31, 2022, this fixed cost was million less than the market cost that would be incurred on a spot purchase of the same amount of copper. The aggregate market cost was based on the current market price of copper obtained from the New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 Labor 
 Approximately of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements at various locations around the world. Approximately of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements that we expect to renegotiate during 2023. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 million and million, respectively, based on quoted prices of the debt instruments in inactive markets (Level 2 valuation). This amount represents the fair values of our senior subordinated notes with a carrying value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 24: 
 million, million, and million, respectively. These commitments are generally issued to secure obligations we have for a variety of commercial reasons, such as workers compensation self-insurance programs in several states and the importation and exportation of product. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Note 25: 
 Income taxes paid ) ) ) Interest paid ) ) ) 
 
 Note 25: 
 million. The sale is expected to close during 2023. 

78 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), our management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As permitted, that evaluation excluded the business operations of Macmon, NetModule, and CAI which were acquired in 2022. The acquired business operations excluded from our evaluation collectively constituted approximately 4 and 7 of our total assets and net assets as of December 31, 2022, respectively, and 1 and (2) of our revenues and operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. The operations of the acquired business will be included in our 2023 evaluation. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 . In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. 
 Based on that assessment, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of December 31, 2022 , the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 have been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that follows. 
 
 Changes to Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Belden Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Belden Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Belden Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Macmon secure GmbH Macmon ), NetModule AG NetModule ), and Communication Associates, Inc. CAI ), which are included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 4 and 7 of total and net assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 1 and (2) of revenues and operating income for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Macmon, NetModule, and CAI. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Belden Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 February 24, 2023 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

81 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information regarding directors is incorporated herein by reference to Item I-Election of Directors, as described in the Proxy Statement. Information regarding executive officers is set forth in Part I herein under the heading Executive Officers. The additional information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to Corporate Governance (opening paragraph and table), Corporate Governance-Audit Committee, Ownership Information-Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Corporate Governance-Corporate Governance Documents and Other Matters-Stockholder Proposals for the 2024 Annual Meeting, as described in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Executive Compensation, Corporate Governance-Director Compensation, Corporate Governance-Related Party Transactions and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Corporate Governance-Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight as described in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Ownership Information-Equity Compensation Plan Information on December 31, 2022 and Ownership Information-Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management as described in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Corporate Governance-Related Party Transactions and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Corporate Governance (paragraph following the table) as described in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Public Accounting Firm Information-Fees to Independent Registered Public Accountants for 2022 and 2021 and Public Accounting Firm Information-Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures as described in the Proxy Statement. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Statement s of Comprehensive Income for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Cash Flow Statements for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Stockholders Equity Statements for Each of the Three Years in the Period Ended December 31, 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 ) ) ) 2021 ) ) ) ) 2020 ) ) Inventories Excess and Obsolete Allowances: 2022 ) ) ) 2021 ) ) 2020 ) ) Deferred Income Tax Asset Valuation Allowance: 2022 ) ) 2021 ) ) ) 2020 ) ) 
 All other financial statement schedules not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are omitted because they are not applicable. 

83 

Table of Contents 

 3. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference, as indicated. Documents indicated by an asterisk ) identify each management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit The filings referenced for incorporation by reference are Company (Belden Inc.) filings unless noted to be those of Belden 1993 Inc. 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended 
 February 29, 2008 Form 10-K, Exhibit 3.1 3.2 Bylaws 
 December 6, 2022 Form 8-K, Exhibit 3.1 4.1 Indenture relating to 3.375 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2027 
 July 10, 2017 Form 8-K, Exhibit 4.1 4.2 Indenture relating to 3.875 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2028 
 March 16, 2018 Form 8-K, Exhibit 4.1 4.3 Indenture relating to 3.375 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2031 
 August 3, 2021 Form 8-K, Exhibit 4.1 
 4.4 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 August 3, 2020 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 4.1 10.1 Trademark License Agreement 
 February 15, 2022 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.1 10.2 Belden Inc. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended 
 April 6,2016 Proxy Statement, Appendix II 10.3 Belden Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan 
 April 8, 2021 Proxy Statement, Appendix II 
 10.4 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award 
 February 15, 2022 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.4 10.5 Form of Performance Stock Units Award 
 February 15, 2022 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.5 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Units Award 
 February 15, 2022 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.6 10.7 Form of Stretch Achievement Stock Award 
 August 8, 2022 Form 10-Q, Exhibit 10.1 
 10.8 Belden Inc. Annual Cash Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 
 February 16, 2021 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.7 
 10.9 2004 Belden CDT Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan 
 December 21, 2004 Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.1 10.10 Belden Supplemental Excess Defined Benefit Plan 
 February 16, 2021 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.9 
 10.11 Belden Supplemental Excess Defined Contribution Plan 
 February 16, 2021 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.10 
 10.12 Executive Severance Plan 
 July 31, 2020 Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.1 10.13 Form of Business Protection Agreement with each of the Executive Officers 
 July 31, 2020 Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.3 10.14 Belden Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 April 8, 2021 Proxy Statement, Appendix III 
 10.15 Form of Indemnification Agreement with each of the Directors and Officers 
 March 1, 2007 Form 10-K, Exhibit 10.39 10.16 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 June 2, 2021, Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.1 10.17 Amendment No. 1 to Second A mended and Restated Cre dit Agre ement 
 January 5, 2023 Form 8-K, Exhibit 10.1 
 14.1 Code of Ethics 
 August 25, 2020 Form 8-K, Exhibit 14.1 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit The filings referenced for incorporation by reference are Company (Belden Inc.) filings unless noted to be those of Belden 1993 Inc. 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Belden Inc. 
 Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 Filed herewith 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Filed herewith 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Filed herewith 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Filed herewith 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Filed herewith 101 The following financial statements from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Cash Flow Statements, (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed 
 104 The cover page from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL 

Management contract or compensatory plan 
 Copies of the above Exhibits are available to shareholders at a charge of 0.25 per page, minimum order of 10.00. Direct requests to: 
 Belden Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary 
 1 North Brentwood Boulevard, 15th Floor 
 St. Louis, Missouri 63105 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 BELDEN INC. By /s/ ASHISH CHAND Ashish Chand Date: February 24, 2023 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 /s/ ASHISH CHAND President and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2023 Ashish Chand /s/ JEREMY PARKS Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 Jeremy Parks /s/ DOUGLAS R. ZINK Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer February 24, 2023 Douglas R. Zink /s/ DAVID ALDRICH Lead Independent Director and Chairman February 24, 2023 David Aldrich /s/ LANCE C. BALK Director February 24, 2023 Lance C. Balk /s/ STEVEN W. BERGLUND Director February 24, 2023 Steven W. Berglund /s/ DIANE D. BRINK Director February 24, 2023 Diane D. Brink /s/ JUDY L. BROWN Director February 24, 2023 Judy L. Brown /s/ NANCY CALDERON Director February 24, 2023 Nancy Calderon /s/ JONATHAN KLEIN Director February 24, 2023 Jonathan Klein /s/ GREGORY J. MCCRAY Director February 24, 2023 Gregory J. McCray 
 
 86 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211_2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF BELDEN INC. 
 Entity 
 
 Country State of Incorporation 
 
 Percentage Owned Directly or Indirectly by Belden Inc. BDX Mexico Holdings S. de R.L de C.V. (Organized in Mexico) 100 Belden 1993 LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 Belden AB (Incorporated in Sweden) 100 Belden Asia (Hong Kong) Limited (Incorporated in Hong Kong) 100 Belden Asia (Thailand) Company Limited (Incorporated in Thailand) 100 Belden Australia Pty Ltd. (Incorporated in Australia) 100 Belden Canada Finance 1 ULC (Organized in Canada) 100 Belden Canada Finance 2 ULC (Organized in Canada) 100 Belden Canada Holding B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 Belden Canada ULC (Organized in Canada) 100 Belden CDT European Shared Services B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 Belden CDT International Inc. (Incorporated in Delaware) 100 Belden Cekan A S (Incorporated in Denmark) 100 Belden Commercial Services B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 Belden Cyprus Limited (Organized in Cyprus) 100 Belden de Sonora S.A. de C.V. (Incorporated in Mexico) 100 Belden Deutschland GmbH (Incorporated in Germany) 100 Belden-Duna Kabel Kft (Incorporated in Hungary) 100 Belden Electronics Argentina S.A. (Incorporated in Argentina) 100 Belden Electronics GmbH (Incorporated in Germany) 100 Belden Electronics, S.A. de C.V. (Incorporated in Mexico) 100 Belden Enterprise Holdings LLC (Incorporated in Delaware) 100 Belden Europe B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 Belden Finance 2016 LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 Belden France SAS (Incorporated in France) 100 Belden Global LP (Delaware Limited Partnership) 100 Belden Global Holdings, B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 Belden Hirschmann Industries (Suzhou) Limited (Incorporated in China) 100 Belden Hirschmann Solutions (Shanghai) Company Limited (Incorporated in China) 100 Belden Holdings, Inc. (Organized in Delaware) 100 Belden Holdings Ltda. (Incorporated in Brazil) 100 Belden Iberia SL (Incorporated in Spain) 100 Belden India Private Limited (Incorporated in India) 100 Belden International Holdings B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 Belden Italia SRL (Incorporated in Italy) 100 Belden LRC Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. (Incorporated in Mexico) 100 Belden LRC Mexico Holdings S. de R.L. de C.V. (Incorporated in Mexico) 100 Belden Lux Holdings S.a.r.l. (Organized in Luxembourg) 100 Belden Mexico Enterprises Limited (Organized in United Kingdom) 100 Belden Netherlands B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 

Entity 
 
 Country State of Incorporation 
 
 Percentage Owned Directly or Indirectly by Belden Inc. Belden Signal Solutions B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 Belden Singapore Private Limited (Incorporated in Singapore) 100 Belden Solutions Asia Limited (Incorporated in Hong Kong) 100 Belden Solutions B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 Belden Switzerland GmbH (Incorporated in Switzerland) 100 Belden Technologies Co., Limited (Incorporated in Japan) 100 Belden Technologies, LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 Belden Technologies Ireland DAC (Organized in Ireland) 100 Belden Technologies Peru S.r.l. (Incorporated in Peru) 100 Belden UK Holdings Limited (Incorporated in the United Kingdom) 100 Belden UK Limited (Incorporated in the United Kingdom) 100 Belden Wire & Cable B.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands) 100 Belden Wire & Cable Company LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 CDT International Holdings LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 Coast Wire & Plastic Tech, LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 GarrettCom Europe Ltd. (Incorporated in the United Kingdom) 100 GarrettCom, Inc. (Incorporated in California) 100 GarrettCom India Private Ltd. (Incorporated in India) 49 GlobalBlue Networks Inc. (Incorporated in Canada) 100 Hirschmann Automation & Control GmbH (Incorporated in Germany) 100 Hirschmann Automation & Control Kabushiki Kaisha (Incorporated in Japan) 100 Hirschmann Electronics GmbH (Incorporated in Germany) 100 ITC Industria Tecnica CAVI S.r.l. (Incorporated in Italy) 100 Kajola-Kristada Limited (Incorporated in St. Kitts and Nevis) 100 Litmus Automation Inc. (Incorporated in Delaware) 12 LLC Belden RUS (Incorporated in Russia) 100 Lukram SRO (Incorporated in Czech Republic) 100 Macmon Secure GmbH (Incorporated in Germany) 100 Miniflex, Inc. (Incorporated in Delaware) 100 NetHoldings AG (Incorporated in Switzerland) 100 NetHoldings Asia Limited (Incorporated in Hong Kong) 100 NetModule AG (Incorporated in Switzerland) 100 NetModule Asia Limited (Incorporated in Hong Kong) 100 NetModule GmbH (Incorporated in Germany) 100 Opterna Am, Inc. (Incorporated in Delaware) 100 Opterna Europe Limited (Incorporated in the United Kingdom) 100 Opterna International Corp. (Incorporated in Delaware) 100 Opterna Technologies Private Limited (Organized in India) 100 Opterna Trading (Organized in China) 100 OTN Systems Asia Pacific Snd. Bhd. (Incorporated in Malaysia) 100 OTN Systems El Djazair BO (Incorporated in Algeria) 100 

Entity 
 
 Country State of Incorporation 
 
 Percentage Owned Directly or Indirectly by Belden Inc. OTN Systems SPC (Incorporated in Oman) 100 OTN Systems NV (Incorporated in Belgium) 100 OTN Systems USA LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 PPC Broadband Fiber Ltd. (Incorporated in the United Kingdom) 100 PPC Broadband, Inc. (Incorporated in Delaware) 100 PPC Broadband India Private Limited (Incorporated in India) 100 PPC Broadband Ltd. (Incorporated in the United Kingdom) 100 PPC Broadband Middle East FZCO (Incorporated in the U.A.E.) 100 PPC Broadband Trading L.L.C. (Incorporated in the U.A.E.) 100 PPC Germany GmbH (Incorporated in Germany) 100 PPC Technologies India Private Limited (Incorporated in India) 100 PPC Tunisia SARL (Incorporated in Tunisia) 100 ProLinx Comunicacao Industria LTDA (Incorporated in Brazil) 100 ProSoft Technology (Asia Pacific) Sendirian Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia) 100 ProSoft Technology SAS (Incorporated in France) 100 ProSoft Technology, Inc. (Incorporated in California) 100 Shanghai Hite-Belden Network Technology Co., Ltd. (Incorporated in China) 51 Shanghai OTN Communication Systems Co., Ltd. (Incorporated in China) 100 St. Kitts Technology Limited (Incorporated in St. Kitts and Nevis) 100 Suzhou BiBiXi Communications System Co., Ltd. (Incorporated in China) 100 Thinklogical Holdings, LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 Thinklogical International, LLC (Incorporated in Delaware) 100 Thinklogical, LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 Thinklogical Real Estate, LLC (Organized in Delaware) 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231_2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 a. Registration Statements (Forms S-8 No. 333-175859 and No. 333-216752) of Belden Inc. pertaining to the 2011 Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan, 
 
 a. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-239153) of Belden Inc. pertaining to the satisfaction of 401(k) plan matches with Belden Inc. stock, 
 
 a. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256542) of Belden Inc. pertaining to the 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan, and 
 
 a. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256545) of Belden Inc. pertaining to the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Belden Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Belden Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Belden Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311_2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Ashish Chand, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Belden Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of circumstances under which the statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s Ashish Chand Ashish Chand President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312_2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Jeremy Parks, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Belden Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of circumstances under which the statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s Jeremy Parks Jeremy Parks Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321_2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Belden Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ashish Chand, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Ashish Chand Ashish Chand President and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322_2022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Belden Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeremy Parks, Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Jeremy Parks Jeremy Parks Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bdc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bdc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bdc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bdc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bdc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

