<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_763907_0001558370-23-004547.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27078305</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>305793</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2478323</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11507073</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3456820</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8325194</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-004547.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324160131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-004547
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST UNITED CORP/MD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000763907
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				521380770
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14237
		FILM NUMBER:		23759828

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 S SECOND ST
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21550
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3013349471

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 S SECOND ST
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21550

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-004547.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 func-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____to _____ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I. R. S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of accelerated filer , large accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). : 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s outstanding voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: . The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2023: . Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Tae of Contents 
 First United Corporation Table of Contents FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 PART I ITEM 1. Business 4 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 16 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 29 ITEM 2. Properties 29 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 29 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29 PART II ITEM 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 30 ITEM 6. Reserved 30 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition Results of Operations 31 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 55 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 56 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 111 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 111 ITEM 9B. Other Information 113 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection s 113 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 113 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 113 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 113 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 114 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 114 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 115 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 117 SIGNATURES 118 
 2 

Tae of Contents 
 As used in this annual report, the terms the Corporation , we , us , and our mean First United Corporation and unless the context clearly suggests otherwise, its consolidated subsidiaries. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include projections, predictions, expectations or statements as to beliefs or future events or results or refer to other matters that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on various factors and were derived using numerous assumptions. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by words like may , will , should , expect , plan , anticipate , intend , believe , estimate , predict , potential , or continue or the negative of those words and other comparable words. You should be aware that those statements reflect only our predictions. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties should materialize, or if underlying assumptions should prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind when reading this annual report and not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to: market, economic, operational, liquidity, credit, and interest rate risks associated with our business; changes in market rates and prices may adversely impact the value of securities, loans, deposits and other financial instruments and the interest rate sensitivity of our balance sheet; our liquidity requirements could be adversely affected by changes in our assets and liabilities; the effect of legislative or regulatory developments, including changes in laws concerning taxes, banking, securities, insurance and other aspects of the financial services industry; competitive factors among financial services organizations, including product and pricing pressures and our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified banking professionals; the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ), the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and other regulatory agencies; the effect of fiscal and governmental policies of the United States federal government; and the effect of any epidemic. 
 You should also consider carefully the risk factors discussed in Item 1A of Part I of this annual report, which address additional factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. The risks discussed in this annual report are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider such disclosures to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 3 

Tae of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General First United Corporation is a Maryland corporation chartered in 1985 and a bank holding company registered with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, that elected financial holding company status in 2022. The Corporation s primary business is serving as the parent company of First United Bank Trust, a Maryland trust company (the Bank ), First United Statutory Trust I Trust I and First United Statutory Trust II Trust II and together with Trust I, the Trusts ), both Connecticut statutory business trusts, and First United Legacy Advisors, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company FULA ). The Trusts were formed for the purpose of selling trust preferred securities that qualified as Tier 1 capital. FULA was formed for the purpose of providing investment advice and related services, but it is not yet active. The Bank has two consumer finance company subsidiaries - OakFirst Loan Center, Inc., a West Virginia corporation, and OakFirst Loan Center, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company - and two subsidiaries that it uses to hold real estate acquired through foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure - First OREO Trust, a Maryland statutory trust, and FUBT OREO I, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. In addition, the Bank owns 99.9 of the limited partnership interests in Liberty Mews Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership formed for the purpose of acquiring, developing and operating low-income housing units in Garrett County, Maryland, and a 99.9 non-voting membership interest in MCC FUBT Fund, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company formed for the purpose of acquiring, developing and operating low-income housing units in Allegany County, Maryland. At December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 1.8 billion, net loans of 1.3 billion and deposits of 1.6 billion. Shareholders equity at December 31, 2022 was 151.8 million. The Corporation maintains an Internet website at www.mybank.com on which it makes available, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Banking Products and Services The Bank operates 26 banking offices, one customer service center and 34 Automated Teller Machines ATMs in Allegany County, Frederick County, Garrett County, and Washington County in Maryland, and in Mineral County, Berkeley County, Monongalia County and Harrison County in West Virginia. The Bank is an independent community bank providing a complete range of retail and commercial banking services to businesses and individuals in its market areas. Services offered are essentially the same as those offered by the regional institutions that compete with the Bank and include checking, savings, money market deposit accounts, and certificates of deposit, business loans, personal loans, mortgage loans, lines of credit, and consumer-oriented retirement accounts including individual retirement accounts IRAs and employee benefit accounts. In addition, the Bank provides full brokerage services through a networking arrangement with Cetera Investment Services, LLC., a full-service broker-dealer. The Bank also provides safe deposit and night depository facilities, insurance products and trust services. The Bank s deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ). Lending Activities Our lending activities are conducted through the Bank. Since 2010, the Bank has not originated any new loans through the OakFirst Loan Centers and their sole activity is servicing existing loans. The Bank s commercial loans are primarily secured by real estate, commercial equipment, vehicles or other assets of the borrower. Repayment is often dependent on the successful business operations of the borrower and may be affected by adverse conditions in the local economy or real estate market. The financial condition and cash flow of commercial borrowers is therefore carefully analyzed during the loan approval process, and continues to be monitored throughout the duration of the loan by obtaining business financial statements, personal financial statements and income tax returns. The 
 4 

Tae of Contents 
 frequency of this ongoing analysis depends upon the size and complexity of the credit and collateral that secures the loan. It is also the Bank s general policy to obtain personal guarantees from the principals of the commercial loan borrowers. Commercial real estate CRE loans are primarily those secured by land for residential and commercial development, agricultural purpose properties, service industry buildings such as restaurants and motels, retail buildings and general purpose business space. The Bank attempts to mitigate the risks associated with these loans through low loan to value ratio standards, thorough financial analyses, and management s knowledge of the local economy in which the Bank lends. The risk of loss associated with CRE construction lending is controlled through conservative underwriting procedures such as loan to value ratios of 80 or less, obtaining additional collateral when prudent, analysis of cash flows, and closely monitoring construction projects to control disbursement of funds on loans. The Bank s residential mortgage portfolio is distributed between variable and fixed rate loans. Some loans are booked at fixed rates to meet the Bank s requirements under the federal Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA or to complement our asset liability mix. Other fixed rate residential mortgage loans are originated in a brokering capacity on behalf of other financial institutions, for which the Bank receives a fee. As with any consumer loan, repayment is dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, which can be adversely impacted by factors such as job loss, divorce, illness, or personal bankruptcy. Residential mortgage loans exceeding an internal loan-to-value ratio require private mortgage insurance. Title insurance protecting the Bank s lien priority, as well as fire and casualty insurance, is also required. During 2021, the Bank was an active participant in selling qualifying residential mortgage loans to the secondary market outlet due to the low fixed rate environment. During 2022, residential mortgage loans at higher rates were booked as in-house portfolio loans. Home equity lines of credit, included within the residential mortgage portfolio, are secured by the borrower s home and can be drawn on at the discretion of the borrower. These lines of credit are at variable interest rates. The Bank also provides residential real estate construction loans to builders and individuals for single family dwellings. Residential construction loans are usually granted based upon as completed appraisals and are secured by the property under construction. Site inspections are performed to determine pre-specified stages of completion before loan proceeds are disbursed. These loans typically have maturities of six to 12 months and may have a fixed or variable rate. Permanent financing for individuals offered by the Bank includes fixed and variable rate loans with five, seven or 10-year adjustable rate mortgages. A variety of other consumer loans are also offered to customers, including indirect and direct auto loans, student loans, and other secured and unsecured lines of credit and term loans. An allowance for loan losses ALL is maintained to provide for probable losses from our lending activities. A complete discussion of the factors considered in determination of the ALL is included in Item 7 of Part II of this report. Deposit Activities The Bank offers a full array of deposit products including checking, savings and money market accounts, regular and IRA certificates of deposit, Christmas Savings accounts, College Savings accounts, and Health Savings accounts. The Bank also offers the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service , or CDARS , program to municipalities, businesses, and consumers through which the Bank provides access to multi-million-dollar certificates of deposit and the Insured Cash Sweep , or ICS , program to municipalities, businesses, and consumers through which the Bank provides access to multi-million-dollar savings and demand deposits. Both programs are FDIC-insured. In addition, we offer our commercial customers packages which include Treasury Management, Cash Sweep and various checking opportunities. Information about our income from and assets related to our banking business may be found in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and the Consolidated Statements of Income and the related notes thereto included in Item 8 of Part II of this annual report. 
 5 

Tae of Contents 
 Wealth Management The Bank s Trust Department offers a full range of trust services, including personal trust, investment agency accounts, charitable trusts, retirement accounts including IRA roll-overs, 401(k) accounts and defined benefit plans, estate administration and estate planning. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total market value of assets under the supervision of the Bank s Trust Department was approximately 1.0 billion and 1.1 billion, respectively. Trust Department revenues for these years may be found in the Consolidated Statements of Income under the heading Other operating income , which is contained in Item 8 of Part II of this annual report. COMPETITION The banking business, in all of its phases, is highly competitive. Within our market areas, we compete with commercial banks, (including local banks and branches or affiliates of other larger banks), savings and loan associations and credit unions for loans and deposits, with consumer finance companies for loans, and with other financial institutions for various types of products and services, including trust services. There is also competition for commercial and retail banking business from banks and financial institutions located outside our market areas and on the internet. The primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates, personalized services, the quality and range of financial services, convenience of office locations and office hours. The primary factors in competing for loans are interest rates, loan origination fees, the quality and range of lending services and personalized services. To compete with other financial services providers, we rely principally upon local promotional activities, personal relationships established by officers, directors and employees with customers, and specialized services tailored to meet customers needs. In those instances in which we are unable to accommodate customers needs, we attempt to arrange for those services to be provided by other financial services providers with which we have a relationship. 
 6 

Tae of Contents 
 The following tables set forth deposit data for the Maryland and West Virginia Counties in which the Bank maintains offices as of June 30, 2022, the most recent date for which comparative information is available. 

Offices Deposits Market (in Market) (in thousands) Share Allegany County, Maryland: Manufacturers Traders Trust Company 5 255,963 32.83 First United Bank Trust 3 216,975 27.83 Truist Bank 3 202,271 25.94 Standard Bank, PaSB 2 88,190 11.31 Somerset Trust Commpany 2 16,279 2.09 Source: FDIC Deposit Market Share Report Frederick County, Maryland: PNC Bank NA 13 1,913,260 26.68 Truist Bank 10 1,303,594 18.18 Bank Of America NA 4 810,325 11.30 Manufacturers Traders Trust Company 6 541,046 7.55 Acnb Bank 5 479,118 6.68 Capital One NA 2 450,992 6.29 Sandy Spring Bank 3 434,102 6.05 Woodsboro Bank 6 384,320 5.36 Middletown Valley Bank 4 333,429 4.65 First United Bank Trust 4 247,416 3.45 Wells Fargo Bank NA 1 167,740 2.34 Fulton Bank National Association 1 52,436 0.73 WesBanco Bank, Inc. 1 47,821 0.67 Woodforest National Bank 1 4,613 0.07 Source: FDIC Deposit Market Share Report Garrett County, Maryland: First United Bank Trust 5 434,536 59.75 Manufacturers Traders Trust Company 2 124,960 17.18 Clear Mountain Bank 1 72,167 9.92 Truist Bank 2 62,946 8.66 Somerset Trust Company 1 23,925 3.29 Miners Merchants Bank 1 8,709 1.20 Source: FDIC Deposit Market Share Report Washington County, Maryland: Truist Bank 6 792,834 23.36 Fulton Bank National Association 6 668,989 19.71 Manufacturers Traders Trust Company 9 606,656 17.88 Middletown Valley Bank 3 437,757 12.90 PNC Bank NA 3 367,702 10.83 First United Bank Trust 4 153,248 4.52 United Bank 2 131,148 3.86 CNB Bank, Inc. 3 128,432 3.79 Orrstown Bank 1 48,155 1.42 Bank of Charles Town 1 30,608 0.90 Ameriserv Financial Bank 1 20,799 0.61 Jefferson Security Bank 1 7,483 0.22 Source: FDIC Deposit Market Share Report 
 7 

Tae of Contents 

Berkeley County, West Virginia: United Bank 4 526,263 27.45 Truist Bank 4 403,487 21.05 City National Bank of West Virginia 4 249,231 13.00 Summit Community Bank, Inc. 3 176,389 9.20 First United Bank Trust 3 166,173 8.67 Jefferson Security Bank 2 148,180 7.72 CNB Bank, Inc. 3 122,736 6.40 Bank of Charles Town 2 120,718 6.30 Woodforest National Bank 1 4,069 0.21 Source: FDIC Deposit Market Share Report Harrison County, West Virginia: Truist Bank 3 584,165 27.09 WesBanco Bank, Inc. 1 306,828 14.23 The Huntington National Bank 2 305,873 14.18 MVB Bank, Inc. 3 299,849 13.90 JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 6 290,514 13.47 Harrison County Bank 4 147,566 6.84 City National Bank of West Virginia 2 59,126 2.74 Peoples Bank 1 37,992 1.76 Clear Mountain Bank 1 29,742 1.38 BC Bank, Inc. 1 24,500 1.14 West Union Bank 1 22,198 1.03 Summit Community Bank, Inc. 1 21,505 1.00 Freedom Bank, Inc 1 18,444 0.86 First United Bank Trust 1 8,236 0.38 Source: FDIC Deposit Market Share Report Mineral County, West Virginia: First United Bank Trust 2 119,927 38.76 Manufacturers Traders Trust Company 2 68,998 22.30 Truist Bank 1 65,789 21.26 Grant County Bank 1 40,844 13.20 FNB Bank, Inc. 1 13,883 4.48 Source: FDIC Deposit Market Share Report Monongalia County, West Virginia: MVB Bank, Inc. 2 1,564,571 33.12 United Bank 6 1,215,804 25.75 The Huntington National Bank 6 586,726 12.42 Truist Bank 3 349,204 7.39 Clear Mountain Bank 3 340,982 7.22 WesBanco Bank, Inc. 3 241,465 5.11 PNC Bank NA 2 183,707 3.89 First United Bank Trust 4 140,734 2.98 Citizens Bank of Morgantown, Inc. 1 38,759 0.82 First Exchange Bank 1 35,764 0.76 Summit Community Bank, Inc. 1 12,292 0.26 JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA 1 10,016 0.21 City National Bank of West Virginia 1 3,453 0.07 Source: FDIC Deposit Market Share Report 
 8 

Tae of Contents 
 For further information about competition in our market areas, see the Risk Factor entitled We operate in a competitive environment, and our inability to effectively compete could adversely and materially impact our financial condition and results of operations in Item 1A of Part I of this annual report. SUPERVISION AND REGULATION The following is a summary of the material regulations and policies applicable to the Corporation and its subsidiaries and is not intended to be a comprehensive discussion. Changes in applicable laws and regulations may have a material effect on our business. General The Corporation is registered with the Federal Reserve as a financial holding company under the BHC Act and, as such, is subject to the supervision, examination and reporting requirements of the BHC Act and the regulations of the Federal Reserve. As a publicly-traded company whose common stock, par value .01 per share (the Common Stock ), is registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, the Corporation is also subject to regulation and supervision by the SEC and The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC NASDAQ ). The Bank is a Maryland trust company subject to the banking laws of Maryland and to regulation by the Office of the Maryland Commissioner of Financial Regulation (the Maryland Commissioner ), who is required by statute to make at least one examination in each calendar year (or at 18-month intervals if the Maryland Commissioner determines that an examination is unnecessary in a particular calendar year). The Bank also has offices in West Virginia, and the operations of these offices are subject to various West Virginia laws. As a member of the FDIC, the Bank is also subject to certain provisions of federal laws and regulations regarding deposit insurance and activities of insured state-chartered banks, including those that require examination by the FDIC. In addition to the foregoing, there are a myriad of other federal and state laws and regulations that affect, or govern the business of banking, including consumer lending, deposit-taking, and trust operations. All non-bank subsidiaries of the Corporation are subject to examination by the FRB, and, as affiliates of the Bank, are subject to examination by the FDIC and the Maryland Commissioner. In addition, OakFirst Loan Center, Inc. is subject to licensing and regulation by the West Virginia Division of Banking, and OakFirst Loan Center, LLC is subject to licensing and regulation by the Maryland Commissioner. If and when FULA becomes active, management anticipates that its activities will be regulated by the SEC under the federal Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Regulation of Bank Holding Companies The Corporation and its affiliates are subject to the provisions of Section 23A and Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. Section 23A limits the amount of loans or extensions of credit to, and investments in, the Corporation and its non-bank affiliates by the Bank. Section 23B requires that transactions between the Bank and the Corporation and its non-bank affiliates be on terms and under circumstances that are substantially the same as with non-affiliates. Under Federal Reserve policy, the Corporation is expected to act as a source of strength to the Bank, and the Federal Reserve may charge the Corporation with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to a subsidiary bank when required. This support may be required at times when the bank holding company may not have the resources to provide the support. Under the prompt corrective action provisions, if a controlled bank is undercapitalized, then the regulators could require the bank holding company to guarantee the bank s capital restoration plan. In addition, if the Federal Reserve believes that a bank holding company s activities, assets or affiliates represent a significant risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of a controlled bank, then the Federal Reserve could require the bank holding company to terminate the activities, liquidate the assets or divest the affiliates. The regulators may require these and other actions in support of controlled banks even if such actions are not in the best interests of the bank holding company or its stockholders. Because the Corporation is a bank holding company, it is viewed as a source of financial and managerial strength for any controlled depository institutions, like the Bank. 
 9 

Tae of Contents 
 In addition, under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 FIRREA ), depository institutions insured by the FDIC can be held liable for any losses incurred by, or reasonably anticipated to be incurred by, the FDIC in connection with (i) the default of a commonly controlled FDIC-insured depository institution or (ii) any assistance provided by the FDIC to a commonly controlled FDIC-insured depository institution in danger of default. Accordingly, in the event that any insured subsidiary of the Corporation causes a loss to the FDIC, other insured subsidiaries of the Corporation could be required to compensate the FDIC by reimbursing it for the estimated amount of such loss. Such cross guaranty liabilities generally are superior in priority to obligations of a financial institution to its shareholders and obligations to other affiliates. Regulation of Financial Holding Companies In 2021, the Corporation elected to become a financial holding company, which allows it to engage in certain activities, and own shares or control of certain entities, that are in addition to those permissible for an entity that is a bank holding company only. The provisions of the BHC Act relating to financial holding companies and the regulations promulgated thereunder require the Bank to remain well capitalized and well managed . The capital requirement is discussed below under the heading, Prompt Corrective Action . The Bank will be considered to be well managed so long as it achieves a CAMEL composite rating of at least 2 as a result of its most recent examination and at least a satisfactory management rating (if such rating is given). If the Bank were to fail to meet either of these requirements, then the Corporation would be required to enter into an agreement with the Federal Reserve that would address the remediation of the condition that led to the failure. During the term of that agreement, which is typically 180 days but can be extended at the discretion of the Federal Reserve, the Corporation would be prohibited from commencing any additional activity or acquiring control or shares of any company that would otherwise be permissible for a financial holding company under Section 4(k) of the BHC Act. If the Corporation were to fail to correct that condition by the expiration of the agreement s term, then the Federal Reserve could order the Corporation to divest its ownership of the Bank or, alternatively, terminate all financial holding company activities. For so long as the Corporation remains a financial holding company, the Bank must also maintain a Satisfactory or better rating under the Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA ). During any period that the Bank fails to satisfy this requirement, the Corporation is prohibited from commencing any additional activity or acquiring control or shares of any company that would otherwise be permissible for a financial holding company under Section 4(k) of the BHC Act. The Bank currently satisfies all of the foregoing conditions. Federal Banking Regulation Federal banking regulators, such as the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, may prohibit the institutions over which they have supervisory authority from engaging in activities or investments that the agencies believe are unsafe or unsound banking practices. Federal banking regulators have extensive enforcement authority over the institutions they regulate to prohibit or correct activities that violate law, regulation or a regulatory agreement or which are deemed to be unsafe or unsound practices. Enforcement actions may include the appointment of a conservator or receiver, the issuance of a cease and desist order, the termination of deposit insurance, the imposition of civil money penalties on the institution, its directors, officers, employees and institution-affiliated parties, the issuance of directives to increase capital, the issuance of formal and informal agreements, the removal of or restrictions on directors, officers, employees and institution-affiliated parties, and the enforcement of any such mechanisms through restraining orders or other court actions. The Bank is subject to certain restrictions on extensions of credit to executive officers, directors, and principal shareholders or any related interest of such persons, which generally require that such credit extensions be made on substantially the same terms as those available to persons who are not related to the Bank and not involve more than the normal risk of repayment. Other laws tie the maximum amount that may be loaned to any one customer and its related interests to capital levels. As part of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), each federal banking regulator adopted non-capital safety and soundness standards for institutions under its authority. These standards include internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, and compensation, fees and benefits. An institution that fails to meet those standards may be required by the agency to develop a plan acceptable to meet the standards. Failure to submit or implement such a plan 
 10 

Tae of Contents 
 may subject the institution to regulatory sanctions. We believe that the Bank meets substantially all standards that have been adopted. FDICIA also imposes capital standards on insured depository institutions. The CRA requires the FDIC, in connection with its examination of financial institutions within its jurisdiction, to evaluate the record of those financial institutions in meeting the credit needs of their communities, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with principles of safe and sound banking practices. These factors are also considered by all regulatory agencies in evaluating mergers, acquisitions and applications to open a branch or facility. As of the date of its most recent examination report, the Bank had a CRA rating of Satisfactory . The Bank is also subject to a variety of other laws and regulations with respect to the operation of its business, including, but not limited to, the TILA/RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule TRID ), Truth in Lending Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Expedited Funds Availability (Regulation CC), Reserve Requirements (Regulation D), Privacy of Consumer Information (Regulation P), Margin Stock Loans (Regulation U), the Right To Financial Privacy Act, the Flood Disaster Protection Act, the Homeowners Protection Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering BSA/AML and Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). Capital Requirements We require capital to fund loans, satisfy our obligations under the Bank s letters of credit, meet the deposit withdrawal demands of the Bank s customers, and satisfy our other monetary obligations. To the extent that deposits are not adequate to fund our capital requirements, we can rely on the funding sources identified below under the heading Liquidity Management . As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 140.0 million available through unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks, 9.6 million available through a secured line of credit with the Federal Reserve Discount Window and approximately 195.3 million available through the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLB ). Management is not aware of any demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that are likely to materially affect our ability to meet our future capital requirements. In addition to operational requirements, the Bank and the Corporation are subject to risk-based capital regulations, which were adopted and are monitored by federal banking regulators. These regulations are used to evaluate capital adequacy and require an analysis of an institution s asset risk profile and off-balance sheet exposures, such as unused loan commitments and stand-by letters of credit. Regulators may require higher capital ratios when warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profile of a given banking organization. In the current regulatory environment, banking organizations must stay well-capitalized in order to receive favorable regulatory treatment on acquisition and other expansion activities and favorable risk-based deposit insurance assessments. Our capital policy establishes guidelines meeting these regulatory requirements and takes into consideration current or anticipated risks as well as potential future growth opportunities. In July 2019, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule that simplifies compliance with certain aspects of the capital rules. A majority of the simplifications apply solely to banking organizations that are not subject to the advanced approaches capital rule. The rule simplified the application of regulatory capital treatment for mortgage servicing assets, certain deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences, investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions, and capital issued by a consolidated subsidiary of a banking organization and held by third parties (minority interest). In addition, the rule revised the treatment of certain acquisition, development, or construction exposures. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the applicable requirements. Additional information about our capital ratios is contained in Consolidated Balance Sheet Review section of Item 7 of Part II of this annual report under the heading Capital Resources . 
 11 

Tae of Contents 
 Prompt Corrective Action The Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDI Act requires, among other things, the federal banking agencies to take prompt corrective action in respect of depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. The FDI Act includes the following five capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare with various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. The relevant capital measures are the total capital ratio, the Tier 1 capital ratio and the leverage ratio. A bank will be (i) well capitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, and a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater, and is not subject to any order or written directive by any such regulatory authority to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure, (ii) adequately capitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.0 or greater, and a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and is not well capitalized , (iii) undercapitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 or a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 , (iv) significantly undercapitalized if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 3.0 or a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 , and (v) critically undercapitalized if the institution s tangible equity is equal to or less than 2.0 of average quarterly tangible assets. An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than indicated by its capital ratios if it is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. A bank s capital category is determined solely for the purpose of applying prompt corrective action regulations, and the capital category may not constitute an accurate representation of the bank s overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes. Following the 2010 enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act ), the federal banking regulators implemented the Basel III regulatory framework on bank capital adequacy, stress testing, and market liquidity risk (the Basel III Capital Rules ). The Basel III Capital Rules revised the prompt corrective action requirements by (i) introducing the Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 ratio requirement at each level (other than critically undercapitalized), with the required CET1 ratio being 6.5 for well-capitalized status; (ii) increasing the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio requirement for each category (other than critically undercapitalized), with the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio for well-capitalized status being 8 ; and (iii) eliminating the provision that permitted a bank with a composite supervisory rating of 1 but a leverage ratio of at least 3 to be deemed adequately capitalized. The FDI Act generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. Undercapitalized institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. The agencies may not accept such a plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution s capital. In addition, for a capital restoration plan to be acceptable, the depository institution s parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with such capital restoration plan. The bank holding company must also provide appropriate assurances of performance. The aggregate liability of the parent holding company is limited to the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5.0 of the depository institution s total assets at the time it became undercapitalized and (ii) the amount which is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable with respect to such institution as of the time it fails to comply with the plan. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. The appropriate federal banking agency may, under certain circumstances, reclassify a well-capitalized insured depository institution as adequately capitalized. The FDI Act provides that an institution may be reclassified if the appropriate federal banking agency determines (after notice and opportunity for hearing) that the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition or deems the institution to be engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 12 

Tae of Contents 
 The appropriate agency is also permitted to require an adequately capitalized or undercapitalized institution to comply with the supervisory provisions as if the institution were in the next lower category (but not treat a significantly undercapitalized institution as critically undercapitalized) based on supervisory information other than the capital levels of the institution. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank and the Corporation were well capitalized based on the aforementioned ratios. Liquidity Requirements Historically, the regulation and monitoring of bank liquidity has been addressed as a supervisory matter, without required formulaic measures. The Basel III Capital Rules require banks to measure their liquidity against specific liquidity tests that, although similar in some respects to liquidity measures historically applied by banks and regulators for management and supervisory purposes, going forward would be required by regulation. One test, referred to as the liquidity coverage ratio, is designed to ensure that the banking entity maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets equal to the entity s expected net cash outflow for a 30-day time horizon (or, if greater, 25 of its expected total cash outflow) under an acute liquidity stress scenario. The other test, referred to as the net stable funding ratio, is designed to promote more medium- and long-term funding of the assets and activities of banking entities over a one-year time horizon. These requirements will incent banking entities to increase their holdings of securities issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury and other sovereign debt as a component of assets and increase the use of long-term debt as a funding source. Deposit Insurance The Bank is a member of the FDIC and pays an insurance premium to the FDIC based upon its assessable deposits on a quarterly basis. Deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC and such insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government. The deposit insurance limit set by law is currently 250,000. The coverage limit is per depositor, per insured depository institution for each account ownership category. The Federal Deposit Insurance Reform Act of 2005, which created the DIF, gave the FDIC greater latitude in setting the assessment rates for insured depository institutions which could be used to impose minimum assessments. The FDIC has the flexibility to adopt actual rates that are higher or lower than the total base assessment rates adopted without notice and comment, if certain conditions are met. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by two basis points beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment is expected to improve the likelihood that the DIF reserve ratio would reach the statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline prescribed under the FDIC s amended restoration plan. The FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and require reporting by FDIC-insured institutions. It is also authorized to terminate a depository bank s deposit insurance upon a finding by the FDIC that the bank s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or has violated any applicable rule, regulation, order or condition enacted or imposed by the bank s regulatory agency. The termination of deposit insurance for our bank subsidiary would have a material adverse effect on our earnings, operations and financial condition. Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering The Bank Secrecy Act BSA ), which is intended to require financial institutions to develop policies, procedures, and practices to prevent and deter money laundering, mandates that every national bank have a written, board-approved program that is reasonably designed to assure and monitor compliance with the BSA. 
 13 

Tae of Contents 
 The program must, at a minimum: (i) provide for a system of internal controls to assure ongoing compliance; (ii) provide for independent testing for compliance; (iii) designate an individual responsible for coordinating and monitoring day-to-day compliance; and (iv) provide training for appropriate personnel. In addition, state-chartered banks are required to adopt a customer identification program as part of its BSA compliance program. State-chartered banks are also required to file Suspicious Activity Reports when they detect certain known or suspected violations of federal law or suspicious transactions related to a money laundering activity or a violation of the BSA. In addition to complying with the BSA, the Bank is subject to the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA Patriot Act ). The USA Patriot Act is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the ability to obtain access to the United States financial system and has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers, and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The USA Patriot Act mandates that financial service companies implement additional policies and procedures and take heightened measures designed to address any or all of the following matters: customer identification programs, money laundering, terrorist financing, identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions, currency crimes, and cooperation between financial institutions and law enforcement authorities. Dodd-Frank Act The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted in July 2010 and significantly restructured the financial regulatory regime in the United States. Although the Dodd-Frank Act s provisions that have received the most public attention generally have been those applying to or more likely to affect larger institutions such as banks and bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of 50 billion or more, it contains numerous other provisions that affect all financial institutions, including the Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), discussed below, and contains a wide variety of provisions affecting the regulation of depository institutions, including fair lending, fair debt collection practices, mortgage loan origination and servicing obligations, bankruptcy, military service member protections, use of credit reports, privacy matters, and disclosure of credit terms and correction of billing errors. Local, state and national regulatory and enforcement agencies continue efforts to address perceived problems within the mortgage lending and credit card industries through broad or targeted legislative or regulatory initiatives aimed at lenders operations in consumer lending markets. There continues to be a significant amount of legislative and regulatory activity, nationally, locally and at the state level, designed to limit certain lending practices while mandating certain servicing procedures. Federal bankruptcy and state debtor relief and collection laws, as well as the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act affect the ability of banks, including the Bank, to collect outstanding balances. Moreover, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt stricter consumer protection laws and states attorneys general may enforce consumer protection rules issued by the CFPB. U.S. financial regulatory agencies have increasingly used a general consumer protection statute to address unethical or otherwise bad business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer finance law. Prior to the Dodd-Frank Act, there was little formal guidance to provide insight to the parameters for compliance with the unfair or deceptive acts or practices UDAP law. However, the UDAP provisions have been expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices , which has been delegated to the CFPB for supervision. The Dodd-Frank Act has increased, and will likely continue to increase, our regulatory compliance burdens and costs and may restrict the financial products and services that we offer to our customers in the future. Mortgage Lending and Servicing The Bank s mortgage lending and servicing activities are subject to various laws and regulations that are enforced by the federal banking regulators and the CFPB, such as the Truth in Lending Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, and various rules adopted thereunder, including those relating to consumer disclosures, appraisal requirements, mortgage originator compensation, prohibitions on mandatory arbitration provisions under certain circumstances, and the obligation to credit payments and provide payoff statements within certain time periods and provide certain notices prior to interest rate and payment adjustments. 
 14 

Tae of Contents 
 The Bank is required to make a reasonable and good faith determination based on verified and documented information that a consumer applying for a mortgage loan has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms. Qualified mortgages that that are not higher-priced are afforded a safe harbor presumption of compliance with the ability to repay rules, while qualified mortgages that are higher-priced garner a rebuttable presumption of compliance with the ability to repay rules. In general, a qualified mortgage is a mortgage loan without negative amortization, interest-only payments, balloon payments, or a term exceeding 30 years, where the lender determines that the borrower has the ability to repay, and where the borrower s points and fees do not exceed 3 of the total loan amount. Higher-priced mortgages must have escrow accounts for taxes and insurance and similar recurring expenses. Consumer Lending Military Lending Act The Military Lending Act (the MLA ), which was initially implemented in 2007, was amended and its coverage significantly expanded in 2015. The Department of Defense (the DOD issued a final rule under the MLA that took effect on October 15, 2015, but financial institutions were not required to take action until October 3, 2016. The types of credit covered under the MLA were expanded to include virtually all consumer loan and credit card products (except for loans secured by residential real property and certain purchase-money motor vehicle/personal property secured transactions). Lenders must now provide specific written and oral disclosures concerning the protections of the MLA to active duty members of the military and dependents of active duty members of the military covered borrowers ). The rule imposes a 36 Military Annual Percentage Rate cap that includes costs associated with credit insurance premiums, fees for ancillary products, finance charges associated with the transactions, and application and participation charges. In addition, loan terms cannot include (i) a mandatory arbitration provision, (ii) a waiver of consumer protection laws, (iii) mandatory allotments from military benefits, or (iv) a prepayment penalty. The revised rule also prohibits roll-over or refinances of the same loan unless the new loan provides more favorable terms for the covered borrower. Lenders may verify covered borrower status using a DOD database or information provided by credit bureaus. We believe that we are in compliance with the revised rule. Cybersecurity We rely on electronic communications and information systems to conduct our operations and store sensitive data. We employ an in-depth approach that leverages people, processes, and technology to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls. In addition, we employ a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as to report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. Notwithstanding the strength of our defensive measures, the threat from cyber-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures. The federal banking regulators have adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and cybersecurity programs for implementing safeguards under the supervision of a financial institution s board of directors. These guidelines, along with related regulatory materials, increasingly focus on risk management and processes related to information technology and the use of third parties in the provision of financial products and services. The federal banking regulators expect financial institutions to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, and also expect financial institutions to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyberattack. If we fail to meet the expectations set forth in this regulatory guidance, then we could be subject to various regulatory actions and we may be required to devote significant resources to any required remediation efforts. Federal Securities Laws and NASDAQ Rules The Common Stock is registered with the SEC under Section 12(b) of the Exchange and shares of the Common Stock are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. The Corporation is subject to information reporting requirements, proxy solicitation requirements, insider trading restrictions and other requirements of the Exchange Act, including the requirements imposed under the federal Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and rules adopted by NASDAQ. Among other things, loans to and other transactions with insiders are subject to restrictions and heightened disclosure, directors and certain committees of the Board must satisfy certain independence requirements, the Corporation must comply with certain 
 15 

Tae of Contents 
 enhanced corporate governance requirements, and various issuances of securities by the Corporation require shareholder approval. Governmental Monetary and Credit Policies and Economic Controls The earnings and growth of the banking industry and ultimately of the Bank are affected by the monetary and credit policies of governmental authorities, including the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the national supply of bank credit in order to control recessionary and inflationary pressures. Among the instruments of monetary policy used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market operations in U.S. Government securities, changes in the federal funds rate, changes in the discount rate of member bank borrowings, and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth of bank loans, investments and deposits and may also affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve authorities have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to have such an effect in the future. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, as well as the effect of actions by monetary and fiscal authorities, including the Federal Reserve, no prediction can be made as to possible future changes in interest rates, deposit levels, loan demand or their effect on our businesses and earnings. SEASONALITY Management does not believe that our business activities are seasonal in nature. Deposit and loan demand may vary depending on local and national economic conditions, but variations will not have a material impact on our planning or policy-making strategies. EMPLOYEES At December 31, 2022, we employed 336 individuals, of whom 298 were full-time employees. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The significant risks and uncertainties related to us, our business and our securities of which we are aware are discussed below. Investors and shareholders should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before making investment decisions with respect to the Corporation s securities. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects and could negatively impact the market price of the Corporation s securities. If any of these risks materialize, the holders of the Corporation s securities could lose all or part of their investments in the Corporation. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not yet know of, or that we currently think are immaterial, may also impair our business operations. Investors and shareholders should also consider the other information contained in this annual report, including our financial statements and the related notes, before making investment decisions with respect to the Corporation s securities. Risks Relating to First United Corporation and its Affiliates First United Corporation s future success depends on the successful growth of its subsidiaries. The Corporation s primary business activity for the foreseeable future will be to act as the holding company of the Bank and its other direct and indirect subsidiaries. Therefore, the Corporation s future profitability will depend on the success and growth of these subsidiaries. The Bank s funding sources may prove insufficient to replace deposits and support our future growth. The Bank relies on customer deposits, advances from the FHLB, lines of credit at other financial institutions and brokered funds to fund our operations. Although the Bank has historically been able to replace maturing deposits and advances if desired, no assurance can be given that the Bank would be able to replace such funds in the future if our financial condition or the financial condition of the FHLB or market conditions were to change. Our financial flexibility 
 16 

Tae of Contents 
 will be severely constrained and/or our cost of funds will increase if we are unable to maintain our access to funding or if financing necessary to accommodate future growth is not available at favorable interest rates. Finally, if we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our revenues may not increase proportionately to cover our costs. In that case, our profitability would be adversely affected. Interest rates and other economic conditions will impact our results of operations. Our net income depends primarily upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on loans, investments and other interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred on deposits and borrowed funds. The level of net interest income is primarily a function of the average balance of our interest-earning assets, the average balance of our interest-bearing liabilities, and the spread between the yield on such assets and the cost of such liabilities. These factors are influenced by both the pricing and mix of our interest-earning assets and our interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by such external factors as the local economy, competition for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, and market interest rates. Different types of assets and liabilities may react differently, and at different times, to changes in market interest rates. We expect that we will periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities. That means either our interest-bearing liabilities will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets, or vice versa. When interest-bearing liabilities mature or re-price more quickly than interest-earning assets, an increase in market rates of interest could reduce our net interest income. Likewise, when interest-earning assets mature or re-price more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest rates could reduce our net interest income. We are unable to predict changes in market interest rates, which are affected by many factors beyond our control, including inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, domestic and international events and changes in the United States and other financial markets. We also attempt to manage risk from changes in market interest rates, in part, by controlling the mix of interest rate sensitive assets and interest rate sensitive liabilities. However, interest rate risk management techniques are not exact. A rapid increase or decrease in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance. Changes to LIBOR may adversely impact the value of, and the return on, our loans, investment securities and derivatives which are indexed to LIBOR. We have certain loans, investment securities, interest rate swaps and long-term debt indexed to LIBOR to calculate the loan interest rate. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the LIBOR administrator after 2021. The announcement also indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. The Adjustable Interest Rate Act the LIBOR ACT ), enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallbacks, and in December 2022, the Federal Reserve Board adopted related implementing rules. Although governmental authorities have endeavored to facilitate an orderly discontinuation of LIBOR, no assurance can be provided that this aim will be achieved or that the use, level, and volatility of LIBOR or other interest rates or the value of LIBOR-based securities will not be adversely affected. As a result, and despite the enactment of the LIBOR Act, for the most commonly used LIBOR settings, the use or selection of a successor rate could expose us to risks associated with disputes and litigation with our customers and counterparties and other market participants in connection with implementing LIBOR fallback provision. The majority of our business is concentrated in Maryland and West Virginia, much of which involves real estate lending, so a decline in the real estate and credit markets could materially and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Most of the Bank s loans are made to borrowers located in Western Maryland and Northeastern West Virginia, and many of these loans, including construction and land development loans, are secured by real estate. Accordingly, a decline in local economic conditions would likely have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of 
 17 

Tae of Contents 
 operations, and the impact on us would likely be greater than the impact felt by larger financial institutions whose loan portfolios are geographically diverse. We cannot guarantee that any risk management practices we implement to address our geographic and loan concentrations will be effective to prevent losses relating to our loan portfolio. The Bank s concentrations of commercial real estate loans could subject it to increased regulatory scrutiny and directives, which could force us to preserve or raise capital and/or limit future commercial lending activities. The federal banking regulators believe that institutions that have particularly high concentrations of CRE loans within their lending portfolios face a heightened risk of financial difficulties in the event of adverse changes in the economy and CRE markets. Accordingly, through published guidance, these regulators have directed institutions whose concentrations exceed certain percentages of capital to implement heightened risk management practices appropriate to their concentration risk. The guidance provides that banking regulators may require such institutions to reduce their concentrations and/or maintain higher capital ratios than institutions with lower concentrations in CRE. At December 31, 2022, our CRE concentrations were below the heightened risk management thresholds set forth in this guidance. The Bank may experience loan losses in excess of its allowance for loan losses, which would reduce our earnings. The risk of credit losses on loans varies with, among other things, general economic conditions, the type of loans being made, the creditworthiness of the borrowers over the term of the loans and, in the case of collateralized loans, the value and marketability of the collateral for the loans. Management of the Bank maintains an ALL based upon, among other things, historical experience, an evaluation of economic conditions and regular reviews of delinquencies and loan portfolio quality. Based upon such factors, management makes various assumptions and judgments about the ultimate collectability of the loan portfolio and provides the ALL based upon a percentage of the outstanding balances and for specific loans when their ultimate collectability is considered questionable. If management s assumptions and judgments prove to be incorrect and the ALL is inadequate to absorb future losses, or if the bank regulatory authorities require us to increase the ALL as a part of its examination process, our earnings and capital could be significantly and adversely affected. Although management continually monitors our loan portfolio and makes determinations with respect to the ALL, future adjustments may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used or adverse developments arise with respect to our non-performing or performing loans. Material additions to the ALL could result in a material decrease in our net income and capital; and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties, and inaccurate, incomplete or misleading information provided to us by these persons could cause us to suffer losses. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements, credit reports and other financial information. We also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports or other financial information could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical and forecasting models, the inadequacy of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and/or results of operations. The processes we use to estimate our allowance for loan losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are adequate, the models may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation, including flaws caused by failures in controls, data management, human error or from the reliance on technology. If the models we use for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models we use for estimating our expected credit losses are inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to 
 18 

Tae of Contents 
 support future charge-offs. If the models we use to measure the fair value of financial instruments are inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in our analytical or forecasting models could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A new accounting standard will likely require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The FASB has adopted a new accounting standard that was originally effective for the Corporation and the Bank beginning with our first full fiscal year after December 15, 2019. In November 2019, the FASB approved a delay of the required implementation date of ASU No. 2016-13 for smaller reporting companies, as defined by the SEC, and other non-SEC reporting entities, including the Corporation, resulting in a required implementation date for the Corporation of January 1, 2023. This standard, referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, will require financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for loan losses. This standard will change the current method of providing allowances for loan losses that are probable, which would likely require us to increase our ALL, and to greatly increase the types of data we would need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the ALL. Any increase in our ALL or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the ALL may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The Bank s lending activities subject the Bank to the risk of environmental liabilities. A significant portion of the Bank s loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, the Bank may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, the Bank may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require the Bank to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit the Bank s ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase the Bank s exposure to environmental liability. Although the Bank has policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The market value of our investments could decline. At December 31, 2022, investment securities in our investment portfolio having a cost basis of 149.8 million and a market value of 125.9 million were classified as available-for-sale pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 320, Investments Debt and Equity Securities , relating to accounting for investments. Topic 320 requires that unrealized gains and losses in the estimated value of the available-for-sale portfolio be marked to market and reflected as a separate item in shareholders equity (net of tax) as accumulated other comprehensive loss. There can be no assurance that future market performance of our investment portfolio will enable us to realize income from sales of securities. Shareholders equity will continue to reflect the unrealized gains and losses (net of tax) of these investments. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the market value of our investment portfolio will not decline, causing a corresponding decline in shareholders equity. Several factors could affect the market value of our investment portfolio. These include, but are not limited to, changes in interest rates or expectations of changes, the degree of volatility in the securities markets, inflation rates or expectations of inflation and the slope of the interest rate yield curve (the yield curve refers to the differences between shorter-term and longer-term interest rates; a positively sloped yield curve means shorter-term rates are lower than longer-term rates). Also, the passage of time will affect the market values of our investment securities, in that the closer they are to maturing, the closer the market price should be to par value. These and other factors may impact specific categories of the portfolio differently, and management cannot predict the effect these factors may have on any specific category. 
 19 

Tae of Contents 
 Impairment of investment securities, goodwill and other intangible assets, or deferred tax assets could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations. In assessing whether the impairment of investment securities is other-than-temporary, management considers the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and the intent and ability to retain our investment in the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value in the near term. Under current accounting standards, goodwill and other intangible assets are subject to impairment tests on at least an annual basis or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. A decline in the price of the shares of Common Stock or occurrence of a triggering event following any of our quarterly earnings releases and prior to the filing of the periodic report for that period could, under certain circumstances, cause us to perform a goodwill impairment test and result in an impairment charge being recorded for that period which was not reflected in such earnings release. In the event that we conclude that all or a portion of our goodwill and other intangible assets may be impaired, a non-cash charge for the amount of such impairment would be recorded to earnings. Such a charge would have no impact on tangible capital. At December 31, 2022, we had recorded goodwill and other intangible assets of 12.4 million, representing approximately 8.2 of shareholders equity. See the discussion under the heading Estimates and Critical Accounting Policies Goodwill in Item 7 of Part II of this annual report for further information. At December 31, 2022, our net deferred tax assets were valued at 10.6 million. Included in that total is 2.9 million of state net operating loss carryforwards NOLs associated with separate company tax filings of the Corporation, which we do not expect to use and, thus, we have established a 2.9 million valuation allowance. A deferred tax asset is reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of the evidence available, both negative and positive, including the recent trend of quarterly earnings, the Company determines that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the total deferred tax asset will not be realized. Moreover, our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if we experience an ownership change, as determined under Section 382 of the Code. If an ownership change were to occur, the limitations imposed by Section 382 of the Code could result in a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards expiring unused, thereby impairing their value. Section 382 s provisions are complex, and we cannot predict any circumstances surrounding the future ownership of the Common Stock. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience an ownership change in the future. The impact of each of these impairment matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. Increases in bond interest rates have led to a significant decline in the fair value of investment securities. Although the Treasury, the FDIC and the FRB have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government-backed agency securities held by financial institutions to mititgate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediate liquidity might exceed the capacity of such program. 
 20 

Tae of Contents 
 In addition to the risk that occurrence of such events could adversely impact our ability to engage in routine funding transactions, they could also lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Increases in FDIC insurance premiums may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In general, we are unable to control the amount of preimums that are required to be paid for FDIC insurance. In October 2022, the FDIC finalized a rule to increase the assessment rate by two basis points beginning in the first quarter of 2023. The increase in the assessment rate for banks is intended to increase the Deposit Insurance Fund reserve ratio to 1.35 . In early March 2023, the FDIC was appointed receiver for two banks, in each case due primarily to liquidity concerns at those institutions. Promptly following these events, the federal banking regulators announced that the FDIC will use funds from the Deposit Insurance Fund to ensure that all depositors of the two failed institutions are made whole, at no cost to taxpayers. We anticipate that the FDIC will impose special assessments on all banks to replenish the Deposit Insurance Fund. As a result of these and/or other financial institution failures, we may be required to pay significantly higher premiums than the levels currently imposed, as well as additional special assessments or taxes, which could adversely affect earnings. Any future increases or required repayments in FDIC insurance premiums may materially adversely affect our results of operations. We operate in a competitive environment, and our inability to effectively compete could adversely and materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. We operate in a competitive environment, competing for loans, deposits, and customers with commercial banks, savings associations and other financial entities. Competition for deposits comes primarily from other commercial banks, savings associations, credit unions, money market and mutual funds and other investment alternatives. Competition for loans comes primarily from other commercial banks, savings associations, mortgage banking firms, credit unions and other financial intermediaries. Competition for other products, such as securities products, comes from other banks, securities and brokerage companies, and other non-bank financial service providers in our market area. Many of these competitors are much larger in terms of total assets and capitalization, have greater access to capital markets, and/or offer a broader range of financial services than those that we offer. In addition, banks with a larger capitalization and financial intermediaries not subject to bank regulatory restrictions have larger lending limits and are thereby able to serve the needs of larger customers. In addition, changes to the banking laws over the last several years have facilitated interstate branching, merger and expanded activities by banks and holding companies. For example, the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLB Act revised the BHC Act and repealed the affiliation provisions of the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933, which, taken together, limited the securities and other non-banking activities of any company that controls an FDIC insured financial institution. As a result, the ability of financial institutions to branch across state lines and the ability of these institutions to engage in previously-prohibited activities are now accepted elements of competition in the banking industry. These changes may bring us into competition with more and a wider array of institutions, which may reduce our ability to attract or retain customers. Management cannot predict the extent to which we will face such additional competition or the degree to which such competition will impact our financial conditions or results of operations. The banking industry is heavily regulated; significant regulatory changes could adversely affect our operations. Our operations will be impacted by current and future legislation and by the policies established from time to time by various federal and state regulatory authorities. The Corporation is subject to supervision by the Federal Reserve. The Bank is subject to supervision and periodic examination by the Maryland Commissioner of Financial Regulation, the West Virginia Division of Banking, and the FDIC. Banking regulations, designed primarily for the safety of depositors, may limit a financial institution s growth and the return to its investors by restricting such activities as the payment of dividends, mergers with or acquisitions by other institutions, investments, loans and interest rates, interest rates paid on deposits, expansion of branch offices, and the offering of securities or trust services. The Corporation and the Bank are also subject to capitalization guidelines established by federal law and could be subject to enforcement actions to the extent that either is found by regulatory examiners to be undercapitalized. It is not possible to predict what changes, if any, will be made to existing federal and state legislation and regulations or the effect that such changes may have on our future 
 21 

Tae of Contents 
 business and earnings prospects. Management also cannot predict the nature or the extent of the effect on our business and earnings of future fiscal or monetary policies, economic controls, or new federal or state legislation. Further, the cost of compliance with regulatory requirements may adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau may continue to reshape the consumer financial laws through rulemaking and enforcement of the prohibitions against unfair, deceptive and abusive business practices. Compliance with any such change may impact our business operations. The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority to administer and carry out the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act with respect to financial institutions that offer covered financial products and services to consumers. The CFPB has also been directed to adopt rules identifying practices or acts that are unfair, deceptive or abusive in connection with any transaction with a consumer for a consumer financial product or service, or the offering of a consumer financial product or service. The concept of what may be considered to be an abusive practice is fluid and can change based on politically-appointed leadership at the CFPB. We have been required to dedicate significant personnel resources to address the compliance burdens imposed by the CFBP s adoption of various rules, and the adoption of additional rules in the future would likely require us to dedicate even more resources. Bank regulators and other regulations, including the Basel III Capital Rules, may require higher capital levels, impacting our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our stock. The capital standards to which we are subject, including the standards created by the Basel III Capital Rules, may materially limit our ability to use our capital resources and/or could require us to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares of Common Stock or other equity securities. In addition, we could experience increases in deposits and assets as a result of other depository institutions difficulties or failures, which would increase the capital that we are required to maintain to support such growth. The issuance of additional equity securities to fund our capital needs could dilute existing stockholders. A material weakness or significant deficiency in our disclosure or internal controls could have an adverse effect on us. The Corporation is required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to establish and maintain disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. These control systems are intended to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the Corporation is made known to our management and reported as required by the Exchange Act, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability and preparation of our financial statements, and to provide reasonable assurance that fraud and other unauthorized uses of our assets are detected and prevented. We may not be able to maintain controls and procedures that are effective at the reasonable assurance level. If that were to happen, our ability to provide timely and accurate information about the Corporation, including financial information, to investors could be compromised and our results of operations could be harmed. Moreover, if the Corporation or its independent registered public accounting firm were to identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in any of those control systems, our reputation could be harmed and investors could lose confidence in us, which could cause the market price of the Corporation s stock to decline and/or limit the trading market for the shares of the Common Stock. We may not be able to keep pace with developments in technology. We use various technologies in conducting our businesses, including telecommunication, data processing, computers, automation, internet-based banking, and debit cards. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. In addition, our implementation of certain new technologies, such as those related to artificial intelligence, automation and algorithms, in our business processes may have unintended consequences due to their limitations or our failure to use them effectively. In addition, cloud technologies are also critical to the operation of our systems, and our reliance on cloud 
 22 

Tae of Contents 
 technologies is growing. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operational or communications systems or infrastructure may fail or may be the subject of a breach or cyber-attack that, if successful, could adversely affect our business or disrupt business continuity. Our business depends heavily on the use of computer systems, the Internet and other means of electronic communication and recordkeeping to process, record, and monitor client transactions and to communicate with clients and other institutions on a continuous basis. As client, industry, public, and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased, our operational systems and infrastructure continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions, and breakdowns, whether as a result of events beyond our control or otherwise. Our business, financial, accounting, data processing, or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be sudden increases in client transaction volume; electrical or telecommunications outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; occurrences of employee error, fraud, theft, or malfeasance; disruptions caused by technology implementation, including hardware deployment and software updates; and, as described below, cyber-attacks. Although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, our operations and communications may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our systems and infrastructure that support our businesses, clients, and teammates. While we continue to evolve and modify our business continuity plans, there can be no assurance in an escalating threat environment that they will be effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts. Our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all resulting losses, and the cost to obtain adequate coverage may increase for us or the industry. Security risks for financial institutions such as ours have dramatically increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication, resources, and activities of hackers, terrorists, activists, industrial spies, insider bad actors, organized crime, and other external parties, including nation state actors. In addition, to access our products and services, clients may use devices and/or software that are beyond our control environment, which may provide additional avenues for attackers to gain access to confidential information. Although we have information security procedures and controls in place, our technologies, systems, networks, and clients devices and software may become the target of cyber-attacks, information security breaches, business email compromise, or information theft that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, change, or destruction of our or our clients or teammates confidential, proprietary, or other information (including personal identifying information of individuals), or otherwise disrupt our or our clients or our third parties business operations. U.S. financial institutions and financial service companies have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, including attempts to shut down access to their networks and/or systems in an attempt to extract compensation from them to regain control. Financial institutions, including the Bank, have experienced distributed denial-of-service attacks, a sophisticated and targeted attack intended to disable or degrade internet service or to sabotage systems. We and others in our industry are regularly the subject of attempts by attackers to gain unauthorized access to our networks, systems, and data, or to obtain, change, or destroy confidential data (including personal identifying information of individuals) through a variety of means, including computer viruses, malware, business email compromise, and phishing. These attacks may result in unauthorized individuals obtaining access to our confidential information or that of our clients or teammates, or otherwise accessing, compromising, damaging, or disrupting our systems or infrastructure. We are continuously developing and enhancing our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access. This continued development and enhancement will require us to expend additional resources, including resources to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities that may be detected. Despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent, and business practices, we are unable to assure that any security measures will be effective. 
 23 

Tae of Contents 
 If our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, compromised, damaged, or disrupted, or if we were to experience a loss of our confidential information or that of our clients or teammates, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of trust in us on the part of our clients, vendors or other counterparties, client or teammate attrition, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, significant litigation exposure and legal liability, or regulatory fines, penalties or intervention. Any of these could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, our financial condition, and/or our share price. A disruption, breach, or failure in the operational systems or infrastructure of our third party vendors or other service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could adversely affect our business. Third parties perform significant operational services on our behalf. These third parties with whom we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges, clearing houses, central clearing counterparties, financial intermediaries, or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. In particular, operating our business requires us to provide access to client, teammate, and other sensitive Company information to our contractors, consultants, and other third parties and authorized entities. Controls and oversight mechanisms are in place that are designed to limit access to this information and protect it from unauthorized disclosure, theft, and disruption. However, control systems and policies pertaining to system access are subject to errors in design, oversight failure, software failure, human error, intentional subversion, or other compromise resulting in theft, error, loss, or inappropriate use of information or systems to commit fraud, cause embarrassment to us or our executives or to gain competitive advantage. In addition, regulators expect financial institutions to be responsible for all aspects of their performance, including aspects which they delegate to third parties. If a disruption, breach, or failure in the system or infrastructure of any third party with whom we do business occurred, then our business may be materially and adversely affected in a manner similar to if our own systems or infrastructure had been compromised. As has been the case in other major system events in the U.S., our systems and infrastructure may also be attacked, compromised, or damaged as a result of, or as the intended target of, any disruption, breach, or failure in the systems or infrastructure of any third party with whom we do business. We may be subject to claims and the costs of defensive actions, and such claims and costs could materially and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our customers may sue us for losses due to alleged breaches of fiduciary duties, errors and omissions of employees, officers and agents, incomplete documentation, our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or many other reasons. Also, our employees may knowingly or unknowingly violate laws and regulations. Management may not be aware of any violations until after their occurrence. This lack of knowledge may not insulate us from liability. Claims and legal actions will result in legal expenses and could subject us to liabilities that may reduce our profitability and hurt our financial condition The loss of key personnel could disrupt our operations and result in reduced earnings. Our growth and profitability will depend upon our ability to attract and retain skilled managerial, marketing and technical personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in the financial services industry is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. Our current executive officers provide valuable services based on their many years of experience and in-depth knowledge of the banking industry and the market areas we serve. Due to the intense competition for financial professionals, these key personnel would be difficult to replace and an unexpected loss of their services could result in a disruption to the continuity of operations and a possible reduction in earnings. We are a community banking organization and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business. We are a community banking organization, and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of 
 24 

Tae of Contents 
 local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our current market and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers, or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. We could be adversely affected by risks associated with future acquisitions and expansions. Although our core growth strategy is focused around organic growth, we may from time to time consider acquisition and expansion opportunities involving a bank or other entity operating in the financial services industry. We cannot predict if or when we will engage in such a strategic transaction, or the nature or terms of any such transaction. To the extent that we grow through an acquisition, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to adequately and profitably manage that growth or that an acquired business will be integrated into our existing businesses as efficiently or as timely as we may anticipate. Acquiring another business would generally involve risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including: increased capital needs; increased and new regulatory and compliance requirements; implementation or remediation of controls, procedures and policies with respect to the acquired business; diversion of management time and focus from operation of our then-existing business to acquisition-integration challenges; coordination of product, sales, marketing and program and systems management functions; transition of the acquired business s users and customers onto our systems; retention of employees from the acquired business; integration of employees from the acquired business into our organization; integration of the acquired business s accounting, information management, human resources and other administrative systems and operations with ours; potential liability for activities of the acquired business prior to the acquisition, including violations of law, commercial disputes and tax and other known and unknown liabilities; potential increased litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired business, including claims brought by regulators, terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, vendors, or other third parties; and potential goodwill impairment. Our failure to execute our acquisition strategy could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects risks of unknown or contingent liabilities. New lines of business, products or services may subject us to additional risks. From time to time, we implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. For instance, we recently formed First United Legacy Advisors for the purpose of engaging in the business of providing investment advisory and related services. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services we invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business, new product or service and/or new technology could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business, new products or services and/or new technologies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 25 

Tae of Contents 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. Many companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. Climate change could have a material adverse impact on us and our customers. Our business, as well as the operations and activities of our customers, could be negatively impacted by climate change. Climate change presents both immediate and long-term risks to us and our customers and these risks are expected to increase over time. Climate changes presents multi-faceted risks, including (i) operational risk from the physical effects of climate events on our facilities and other assets as well as those of our customers; (ii) credit risk from borrowers with significant exposure to climate risk; and (iii) reputational risk from stakeholder concerns about our practices related to climate change, our carbon footprint and our business relationships with customers who operate in carbon-intensive industries. Our business, reputation and ability to attract and retain employees may also be harmed if our response to climate change is perceived to be ineffective or insufficient. Climate change exposes us to physical risk as its effects may lead to more frequent and more extreme weather events, such as prolonged droughts or flooding, tornados, hurricanes, wildfires and extreme seasonal weather; and longer-term shifts, such as increasing average temperatures, ozone depletion and rising sea levels. Such events and long-term shifts may damage, destroy or otherwise impact the value or productivity of our properties and other assets; reduce the availability of insurance; and/or disrupt our operations and other activities through prolonged outages. Such events and long-term shifts may also have a significant impact on our customers, which could amplify credit risk by diminishing borrowers repayment capacity or collateral values, and other businesses and counterparties with whom we transact, which could have a broader impact on the economy, supply chains and distribution networks. Climate change also exposes us to transition risks associated with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy. Transition risks may result from changes in policies; laws and regulations; technologies; and/or market preferences to address climate change. Such changes could materially, negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or our reputation, in addition to having a similar impact on our customers. We have customers who operate in carbon-intensive industries like oil and gas that are exposed to climate risks, such as those risks related to the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy, as well as customers who operate in low-carbon industries that may be subject to risks associated with new technologies. Federal and state banking regulators and supervisory authorities, investors and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as important in helping to address the risks related to climate change both directly and with respect to their customers, which may result in financial institutions coming under increased pressure regarding the disclosure and management of their climate risks and related lending and investment activities. Given that climate change could impose systemic risks upon the financial sector, either via disruptions in economic activity resulting from the physical impacts of climate change or changes in policies as the economy transitions to a less carbon-intensive environment, we face regulatory risk of increasing focus on our resilience to climate-related risks, including in the context of stress testing for various climate stress scenarios. Ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs. 
 26 

Tae of Contents 
 Risks Relating to First United Corporation s Securities The shares of Common Stock are not insured. The shares of the Common Stock are not deposits and are not insured against loss by the FDIC or any other governmental or private agency. The shares of Common Stock are not heavily traded. Shares of the Common Stock are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market but are not heavily traded. Securities that are not heavily traded can be more volatile than stock trading in an active public market. Factors such as our financial results, the introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors, changes in the financial estimates by securities analysts, market conditions within the banking industry, the general state of the securities market, general economic condition, and investor speculation as to our future plans and strategies could have a significant impact on the market price and trading volume of the shares of Common Stock. Likewise, events that are unrelated to the Corporation but that affect the equity markets generally, such as national or international health crises, wars, political instability, the loss of investor or depositor confidence due to the failure of one or more financial institutions, and similar factors, could also have a significant impact on the market price and trading volume of the shares of Common Stock. Management cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for shares of Common Stock will develop or be sustained in the future. Accordingly, shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at the volumes, prices, or times that they desire. Significant sales of shares of Common Stock, or the perception that significant sales may occur in the future, could adversely affect the market price of shares of Common Stock. The sale of a substantial number of shares of the Common Stock could adversely affect the market price of such shares. The availability of shares for future sale could adversely affect the prevailing market price of shares of Common Stock and could cause the market price of such shares to remain low for a substantial amount of time. In addition, the Corporation may grant equity awards under its equity compensation plans from time to time in effect, including fully-vested shares of Common Stock. It is possible that if a significant percentage of such available shares were attempted to be sold within a short period of time, the market for the shares would be adversely affected. Management cannot predict whether the market for shares of Common Stock could absorb a large number of attempted sales in a short period of time, regardless of the price at which they might be offered. Even if a substantial number of sales do not occur within a short period of time, the mere existence of this market overhang could have a negative impact on the market for the common stock and our ability to raise capital in the future. The Corporation s ability to pay dividends on the common stock is subject to the terms of the outstanding TPS Debentures, which prohibit the Corporation from paying dividends during an interest deferral period. In March 2004, the Corporation issued approximately 30.9 million, in the aggregate, of junior subordinated debentures TPS Debentures to the Trusts in connection with the Trusts sales to third party investors of 30.0 million, in the aggregate, in mandatorily redeemable preferred capital securities. The terms of the TPS Debentures require the Corporation to make quarterly payments of interest to the Trusts, as the holders of the TPS Debentures, although the Corporation has the right to defer payments of interest for up to 20 consecutive quarterly periods, and the Corporation has exercised this deferral right in the past. An election to defer interest payments does not constitute an event of default under the terms of the TPS Debentures. The terms of the TPS Debentures prohibit the Corporation from declaring or paying any dividends or making other distributions on, or from repurchasing, redeeming or otherwise acquiring, any shares of its capital securities, including the common stock, if the Corporation elects to defer quarterly interest payments under the TPS Debentures. In addition, a deferral election will require the Trusts to likewise defer the payment of quarterly dividends on their related trust preferred securities. 
 27 

Tae of Contents 
 Applicable banking and Maryland laws impose additional restrictions on the ability of the Corporation and the Bank to pay dividends and make other distributions on their capital securities, and, in any event, the payment of dividends is at the discretion of the boards of directors of the Corporation and the Bank. In the past, the Corporation has funded dividends on its capital securities using cash received from the Bank, and this will likely be the case for the foreseeable future. No assurance can be given that the Bank will be able to pay dividends to the Corporation for these purposes at times and/or in amounts requested by the Corporation. Both federal and state laws impose restrictions on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends. Under Maryland law, a state-chartered commercial bank may pay dividends only out of undivided profits or, with the prior approval of the Maryland Commissioner, from surplus in excess of 100 of required capital stock. If, however, the surplus of a Maryland bank is less than 100 of its required capital stock, cash dividends may not be paid in excess of 90 of net earnings. In addition to these specific restrictions, bank regulatory agencies have the ability to prohibit proposed dividends by a financial institution which would otherwise be permitted under applicable regulations if the regulatory body determines that such distribution would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Banks that are considered troubled institution are prohibited by federal law from paying dividends altogether. Notwithstanding the foregoing, shareholders must understand that the declaration and payment of dividends and the amounts thereof are at the discretion of the Corporation s Board of Directors. Thus, even at times when the Corporation is not prohibited from paying cash dividends on its capital securities, neither the payment of such dividends nor the amounts thereof can be guaranteed. The Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and Maryland law may discourage a corporate takeover. The Corporation s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Charter and its Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws contain certain provisions designed to enhance the ability of the Corporation s Board of Directors to deal with attempts to acquire control of the Corporation. First, the Board of Directors is classified into three classes. Directors of each class serve for staggered three-year periods, and no director may be removed except for cause, and then only by the affirmative vote of either a majority of the entire Board of Directors or a majority of the outstanding voting stock. Although the Corporation s board has amended the Bylaws to eliminate this classified Board structure, the declassification will not be fully phased in until after the 2024 annual meeting of shareholders. Second, the Board has the authority to classify and reclassify unissued shares of stock of any class or series of stock by setting, fixing, eliminating, or altering in any one or more respects the preferences, rights, voting powers, restrictions and qualifications of, dividends on, and redemption, conversion, exchange, and other rights of, such securities. The Board could use this authority, along with its authority to authorize the issuance of securities of any class or series, to issue shares having terms favorable to management or to a person or persons affiliated with or otherwise friendly to management. In addition, the Bylaws require any shareholder who desires to nominate a director to abide by strict notice requirements. Maryland laws include provisions that could discourage a sale or takeover of the Corporation. The Maryland Business Combination Act generally prohibits, subject to certain limited exceptions, corporations from being involved in any business combination (defined as a variety of transactions, including a merger, consolidation, share exchange, asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) with any interested shareholder for a period of five years following the most recent date on which the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder. An interested shareholder is defined generally as a person who is the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation after the date on which the corporation had 100 or more beneficial owners of its stock or who is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question and after the date on which the corporation had 100 or more beneficial owners of its stock. The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act applies to acquisitions of control shares , which, subject to certain exceptions, are shares the acquisition of which entitle the holder, directly or indirectly, to exercise or direct the exercise of the voting power of shares of stock of the corporation in the election of directors within any of the following ranges of voting power: one-tenth or more, but less than one-third of all voting power; one-third or more, but less than a majority of all voting power or a majority or more of all voting power. Control shares have limited voting rights. Maryland banking laws provide that the Maryland Commissioner must approve certain acquisitions of the common stock of the Corporation and/or the Bank, and these laws impose penalties on persons who effect such acquisitions without approval, including a five year voting prohibition. 
 28 

Tae of Contents 
 Although these provisions do not preclude a sale or takeover, they may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or deferring a sale, tender offer, or takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in his or her best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the common stock. Such provisions will also render the removal of the Board of Directors and of management more difficult and, therefore, may serve to perpetuate current management. These provisions could potentially adversely affect the market prices of the Corporation s securities. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The headquarters of the Corporation and the Bank occupies approximately 29,000 square feet at 19 South Second Street, Oakland, Maryland, and a 30,000 square feet operations center located at 12892 Garrett Highway, Oakland Maryland. These premises are owned by the Corporation. The Bank owns 19 of its banking offices and leases seven. Total rent expense on the leased offices and properties was 0.4 million in 2022. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 29 

Tae of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Shares of the Corporation s common stock are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol FUNC . As of February 28, 2023, the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock were held by 1,327 shareholders of record. The ability of the Corporation to declare dividends is limited by federal banking laws and Maryland corporation laws. Subject to these and the terms of its other securities, including the TPS Debentures, the payment of dividends on the shares of common stock and the amounts thereof are at the discretion of the Corporation s board of directors. Cash dividends are typically declared on a quarterly basis. When paid, dividends to shareholders are dependent on the ability of the Corporation s subsidiaries, especially the Bank, to declare dividends to the Corporation. Like the Corporation, the Bank s ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to limitations imposed by federal and Maryland banking and Maryland corporation laws. A complete discussion of these and other dividend restrictions is contained in Item 1A of Part I of this annual report under the heading Risks Relating to First United Corporation s Securities and in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that dividends will be declared on the shares of common stock in any future fiscal quarter. The Corporation s Board of Directors periodically evaluates the Corporation s dividend policy, both internally and in consultation with the Federal Reserve. Issuer Repurchases Neither First United Corporation nor any of its affiliated purchasers (as defined in Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Exchange Act) purchased any shares of Common Stock during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022. Equity Compensation Plan Information Pursuant to the SEC s Regulation S-K Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 106.01, the information required by this Item pursuant to Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K relating to securities authorized for issuance under the Corporation s equity compensation plans is located in Item 12 of Part III of this annual report and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 30 

Tae of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which are included in Item 8 of Part II of this annual report. Overview First United Corporation is a bank holding company that, through the Bank and its non-bank subsidiaries, provides an array of financial products and services primarily to customers in four Western Maryland counties and four Northeastern West Virginia counties. Its principal operating subsidiary is the Bank, which consists of a community banking network of 26 branch offices located throughout its market areas. Our primary sources of revenue are interest income earned from our loan and investment securities portfolios and fees earned from financial services provided to customers. Consolidated net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 25.0 million compared to 19.8 million in 2021. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to a 5.1 million increase in net interest income resulting from a 4.2 million increase in interest income and a decrease in interest expense of 0.9 million. Net gains were down 1.1 million in 2022 when compared to 2021 as management made the strategic decision to book the higher rate mortgage loans in 2022 as opposed to selling them to the secondary market. Other income declined in 2022 due to a decrease of 0.4 million in trust and brokerage income and a decrease of 1.4 million due to an insurance reimbursement received in 2021. These declines were slightly offset by an increase of 0.2 million in service charges and debit card income. Provision expense was up 0.2 million as compared to 2021. Salaries and benefits increased by 2.1 million when compared to 2021 due to a lower reduction of loan origination costs of 1.0 million and a 1.1 million increase due to performance related pay and the competitive employment environment. Other changes year-over-year included increased other real estate owned OREO expenses of 1.5 million in 2022 due to gains on sale of OREO booked during 2021, other net increases in expenses of 0.8 million and increased income taxes of 1.6 million. Non-interest expense decreased significantly due to our payment of 3.3 million in litigation settlement expenses during the first quarter of 2021 and a 2.4 million prepayment penalty for the early repayment of 70.0 million of FHLB advances recognized in the third quarter of 2021, a reduction of 2.4 million in professional and investor relations expenses primarily related to reimbursement of 0.7 in litigation expenses, a reduction of 0.4 million in investor relations costs and a 1.3 million reduction in legal fees. Charitable contributions also declined by 0.9 million primarily due to the decision to make a 1.0 million contribution in 2021 to fund the newly created First United Community Dreams Foundation (the Foundation ). The provision for loan losses was a credit of 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and a credit of 0.8 million for the year December 31, 2021. Net charge-offs of 0.7 million were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net recoveries of 0.3 million for 2021. The ratio of the ALL to loans outstanding, including Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan balances, was 1.14 at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.38 at December 31, 2021. The ratio of ALL to loans outstanding, excluding PPP loan balances of 0.4 million and 7.7 million, was 1.14 and 1.39 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, non-GAAP. Other operating income, including net gains on sales of mortgage loans and sales of investment securities, decreased by approximately 2.7 million when compared to 2021. This decrease was partially due to a 1.4 million insurance reimbursement that was received in 2021 and a decrease in net gains from the sale of residential mortgage loans of 1.1 million as refinance activity slowed considerably and due to management s strategic decision to book new mortgage loans at higher rates to our in-house portfolio. These decreases were partially offset by a net increase in service charge, debit card and other income of 0.2 million. Other operating expenses decreased 4.6 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Salaries and benefits increased by 2.1 million compared to 2021 due to a lower reduction of loan origination costs of 1.0 million and a 1.1 million increase due to performance related pay and the competitive employment environment. Other changes year-over-year included increased OREO expenses of 1.5 million in 2022 due to gains on sale of OREO booked during 2021 and other net increases in expenses of 0.8 million. Non-interest expense decreased significantly due to our payment of 3.3 million in litigation settlement expenses during the first quarter of 2021 and a 2.4 million prepayment penalty for the early repayment of 70.0 million of FHLB advances recognized in the third quarter of 2021, a reduction of 2.4 million 
 31 

Tae of Contents 
 in professional and investor relations expenses primarily related to reimbursement of 0.7 in litigation expenses, a reduction of 0.4 million in investor relations costs and a 1.3 million reduction in legal fees. Charitable contributions also declined by 0.9 million primarily due to the funding of the Foundation at the end of 2021. Outstanding loans of 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022 reflected a growth of 125.8 million during 2022. Since December 31, 2021, commercial real estate loans increased by 84.5 million and acquisition and development loans decreased by 57.5 million due primarily to the payoff of one large credit early in the third quarter. Commercial and industrial loans increased by 64.4 million for the year, primarily in new floor plan business, new commercial clients and continued expansion of existing client relationships. Residential mortgage loans increased 39.7 million related to management s strategic decision to book new mortgage loans at higher rates to our in-house portfolio. The consumer loan portfolio decreased by 5.4 million due to amortization and payoffs of the existing portfolio slightly offset by new production. Net interest income, on a non-GAAP, fully-taxable equivalent FTE basis, increased by 5.1 million. Interest income increased by 4.2 million and interest expense decreased by 0.9 million. The yield on earning assets increased 22 basis points to 3.85 in 2022 compared to 3.63 in 2021 in correlation with an increase in average earning assets as well as the rising interest rate environment and new loans booked at higher rates. Interest expense on deposits decreased by 0.2 million while the average balance of deposits increased by 26.1 million and interest on long-term borrowings decreased by 0.7 million related to the prepayment of 70.0 million of FHLB advances in the third quarter of 2021. The decreased interest expense resulted in an overall decrease of 7 basis points on the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. We anticipate increased margin pressure in 2023 due to increasing deposit pricing demands in our market areas. The net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.56 compared to 3.28 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Comparing the year ended December 31, 2022 with the year ended December 31, 2021, interest income increased by 4.2 million. Interest and fees on loans increased by 1.5 million and investment income increased by 2.4 million. Excess cash balances during 2022 were invested at the Fed Funds rate, which also positively affected interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to 2021. Increases in loan interest income stemmed from the growth of core loans in 2022. The rate earned on the loan portfolio remained stable when comparing the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. Total deposits at December 31, 2022 increased by 101.4 million when compared to deposits at December 31, 2021. Non-interest-bearing deposits increased by 5.0 million. Interest bearing demand deposits increased by 99.5 million and traditional savings accounts increased by 14.1 million. The increase in interest bearing demand deposits was attributable to an increase in municipality funding into a higher yielding indexed product. Money market balances increased by 25.4 million. Time deposits decreased by 42.7 million related to maturing balances moving to more liquid accounts, or brokerage investment accounts, due to the rising deposit rates as well as municipal funds moving to higher yielding State funding alternatives. The decrease in interest expense for 2022 was driven by a decrease in interest rates of 7 basis points, which offset the increase in average balances of 26.1 million on interest bearing deposits, and a 46.4 million decline in average balances on long term borrowings related to the prepayment of 70.0 million in FHLB advances in the third quarter of 2021. This decrease in average long-term borrowings help offset the increase in yields of 190 basis points on interest paid on borrowings during 2022. Proactive efforts to reduce the cost of funds by further reductions to rates on deposit accounts throughout 2021, the runoff of balances in the time deposits, including brokered deposits, and the expiration of empowered rates on money market accounts continued throughout early 2022. Estimates and Critical Accounting Policies This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. (See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.) On an on-going basis, management evaluates estimates and bases 
 32 

Tae of Contents 
 those estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company identifies the following critical accounting policies may affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Allowance for Loan Losses One of our most important accounting policies is that related to the monitoring of the loan portfolio. A variety of estimates impact the carrying value of the loan portfolio and resulting interest income, including the calculation of the ALL, the valuation of underlying collateral, and the timing of loan charge-offs. The ALL is established and maintained at a level that is adequate to cover losses resulting from the inability of borrowers to make required payments on loans. Estimates for loan losses are arrived at by analyzing risks associated with specific loans and the loan portfolio, current and historical trends in delinquencies and charge-offs, and changes in the size and composition of the loan portfolio. The analysis also requires consideration of the economic climate and direction, changes in lending rates, political conditions, legislation impacting the banking industry and economic conditions specific to Western Maryland and Northeastern West Virginia. Because the calculation of the ALL relies on management s estimates and judgments relating to inherently uncertain events, actual results may differ from management s estimates. The ALL is also discussed below in Item 7 under the heading Allowance for Loan Losses and in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Liquidity Sources As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had approximately 140.0 million in unsecured lines of credit with its correspondent banks, 9.6 million available through a secured line of credit with the Federal Reserve Discount Window, and approximately 195.3 million of secured borrowings with the FHLB. Additionally, the Corporation has access to the brokered certificates of deposit market. Capital The Corporation s and the Bank s capital ratios are strong, and both institutions are considered to be well-capitalized by applicable regulatory measures Adoption of New Accounting Standards and Effects of New Accounting Pronouncements Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements discusses new accounting pronouncements that, when adopted, could affect our future consolidated financial statements. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME REVIEW Net Interest Income Net interest income is our largest source of operating revenue. Net interest income is the difference between the interest that we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense we incur on our interest-bearing liabilities. For analytical and discussion purposes, net interest income is adjusted to an FTE basis to facilitate performance comparisons between taxable and tax-exempt assets by increasing tax-exempt income by an amount equal to the federal income taxes that would have been paid if this income were taxable at the statutorily applicable rate. This is a non-GAAP disclosure and it is not materially different than the corresponding GAAP disclosure. 
 33 

Tae of Contents 
 The table below summarizes net interest income for 2022 and 2021. 

GAAP Non-GAAP - FTE (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Interest income 62,422 58,256 63,362 59,195 Interest expense 4,789 5,714 4,789 5,714 Net interest income 57,633 52,542 58,573 53,481 Net interest margin 3.50 3.22 3.56 3.28 Net interest income, on a non-GAAP, FTE basis, increased by 5.1 million (9.5 during the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by a 4.2 million (7.0 increase in interest income and a decrease in interest expense of 0.9 million (16.2 ). The decrease in interest expense resulted from proactive efforts to reduce the cost of funds by further reductions in rates on deposit accounts throughout 2021, the runoff of balances in the time deposits, including brokered deposits, and the expiration of empowered rates on money market accounts. The net interest margin, on an FTE basis, increased to 3.56 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3.28 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Comparing the year ended December 31, 2022 with the year ended December 31, 2021, interest income increased by 4.2 million . Interest and fees on loans increased by 1.5 million investment income increased by of 2.4 million. The increase in interest on loans was primarily due to an increase of 49.4 million in average loan balance in 2022 compared to 2021. The rate earned on the loan portfolio remained stable when comparing the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in investment income was due to the increase in average balances of 77.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 as well as an increase in interest yield of 23 basis points. The decrease in interest expense for 2022 was driven by a decrease of 46.4 million in average balances on long term borrowings related to the prepayment of 70.0 million in FHLB advances in the third quarter of 2021. The decrease of 0.7 million in interest expense on long-term borrowing was partially offset by the 190 basis point increase in rate paid on borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. Average rates paid on deposit accounts decreased slightly in 2022 compared to 2021, which was offset by the growth of 26.1 million in interest-bearing deposits during the year. As shown below, the composition of total interest income between 2022 and 2021 remained relatively stable. 

of Total Interest Income 2022 2021 Interest and fees on loans 87 91 Interest on investment securities 12 8 Other 1 1 
 34 

Tae of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the average balances, net interest income and expense, and average yields and rates for our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for 2022 and 2021: Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest Rates and Interest Differential Tax Equivalent Basis 

For the Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Average Yield/ Rate Assets Loans 1,223,388 54,513 4.46 1,173,966 53,040 4.52 Investment Securities: Taxable 348,516 6,252 1.79 272,305 3,912 1.44 Non taxable 26,952 1,981 7.35 25,463 1,928 7.57 Total 375,468 8,233 2.19 297,768 5,840 1.96 Federal funds sold 44,207 555 1.26 150,556 178 0.12 Interest-bearing deposits with other banks 3,061 24 0.78 4,040 2 0.05 Other interest earning assets 1,027 37 3.60 2,969 135 4.55 Total earning assets 1,647,151 63,362 3.85 1,629,299 59,195 3.63 Allowance for loan losses (15,568) (16,825) Non-earning assets 170,128 152,674 Total Assets 1,801,711 1,765,148 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing demand deposits 301,183 855 0.28 214,510 553 0.26 Interest-bearing money markets 312,978 1,256 0.40 341,677 436 0.13 Savings deposits 250,624 154 0.06 223,114 81 0.04 Time deposits 138,865 961 0.69 198,280 2,403 1.21 Short-term borrowings 63,182 112 0.18 57,697 86 0.15 Long-term borrowings 30,929 1,451 4.69 77,340 2,155 2.79 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,097,761 4,789 0.44 1,112,618 5,714 0.51 Non-interest-bearing deposits 533,096 491,967 Other liabilities 33,169 28,013 Shareholders Equity 137,685 132,550 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 1,801,711 1,765,148 Net interest income and spread 58,573 3.41 53,481 3.12 Net interest margin 3.56 3.28 

 Notes: (1) The above table reflects the average rates earned or paid stated on an FTE basis assuming a tax rate of 21 for 2022 and 2021. Non-GAAP interest income on an FTE basis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 940, and 939, respectively. (2) The average balances of non-accrual loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which were reported in the average loan balances for these years, were 2,120 and 6,041, respectively. (3) Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income divided by average earning assets. (4) The average yields on investments are based on amortized cost. 
 The following table sets forth an analysis of volume and rate changes in interest income and interest expense of our average interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities for 2022 and 2021. This table distinguishes between the changes related to average outstanding balances (changes in volume created by holding the interest rate constant) and the changes related to average interest rates (changes in interest income or expense attributed to average rates created by holding the outstanding balance constant). 
 35 

Tae of Contents 
 Interest Variance Analysis (1) 

2022 Compared to 2021 (In thousands and tax equivalent basis) Volume Rate Net Interest Income: Loans 2,234 (761) 1,473 Taxable Investments 1,097 1,243 2,340 Non-taxable Investments 113 (60) 53 Federal funds sold (128) 505 377 Interest-bearing deposits 22 22 Other interest earning assets (88) (10) (98) Total interest income 3,228 939 4,167 Interest Expense: Interest-bearing demand deposits 225 77 302 Interest-bearing money markets (37) 857 820 Savings deposits 11 62 73 Time deposits (719) (723) (1,442) Short-term borrowings 8 18 26 Long-term borrowings (1,295) 591 (704) Total interest expense (1,807) 882 (925) Net interest income 5,035 57 5,092 

 Note: (1) The change in interest income/expense due to both volume and rate has been allocated to volume and rate changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. 
 Provision for Loan Losses The provision for loan losses was a credit of 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and a credit of 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net charge-offs of 0.7 million were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net recoveries of 0.3 million for 2021. The ratio of the ALL to loans outstanding was 1.14 at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.38 at December 31, 2021. The ALL reflects a level commensurate with the risk inherent in our loan portfolio. 
 36 

Tae of Contents 
 Other Operating Income The following table shows the major components of other operating income for the past two years, exclusive of net gains, and the percentage changes during these years: 

(Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Service charges on deposit accounts 1,981 1,771 11.86 Other service charges 925 909 1.76 Trust department income 8,244 8,650 (4.69) Debit card income 3,958 3,644 8.62 Bank owned life insurance 1,196 1,176 1.70 Brokerage commissions 1,049 1,082 (3.05) Insurance reimbursement 1,375 (100.00) Other income 525 912 (42.43) Total other operating income 17,878 19,519 (8.41) Other operating income, exclusive of gains, decreased 1.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the same period of 2021. The decrease was primarily a result of a decrease of 1.4 million in insurance reimbursements and a 0.4 million decrease in trust income in 2022 when compared to 2021. These decreases were partially offset by increased debit card income of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to 2021 due to growth in deposit relationships and increased customer usage of our electronic services and increased service charge income of 0.2 million in 2022 when compared to 2021. Other income decreased 0.4 million. Net gains of 0.2 million and 1.2 million were reported through other income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 1.1 million decrease in gains for 2022 was primarily attributable to the decrease in gains on the sale of mortgage loans to the secondary market of 1.1 million due to refinancing activity occurring at a slower pace than the pace experienced in 2021 and due to management s strategic decision to book new mortgage loans at higher rates to our in-house portfolio. Other Operating Expense The following table compares the major components of other operating expense for 2022 and 2021: 

(Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Salaries and employee benefits 24,130 22,061 9.38 FDIC premiums 636 772 (17.62) Equipment 4,163 3,898 6.80 Occupancy 2,906 2,775 4.72 Data processing 3,444 3,204 7.49 Marketing 543 535 1.50 Professional services 1,538 3,528 (56.41) Contract labor 618 638 (3.13) Line rentals 482 737 (34.60) Total OREO expenses/(income), net 590 (945) (162.43) Investor relations 300 676 (55.62) Settlement expense 3,300 (100.00) FHLB prepayment expense 2,368 (100.00) Contributions 288 1,220 (76.39) Other expenses 3,507 3,032 15.67 Total other operating expense 43,145 47,799 (9.74) Other operating expenses decreased 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to 2021. Salaries and benefits increased by 2.1 million when compared to 2021 due to a lower reduction of loan origination costs of 1.0 million and a 1.1 million increase due to performance related pay and the competitive employment environment. 
 37 

Tae of Contents 
 Other changes year-over-year included increased OREO expenses of 1.5 million in 2022 due to gains on sale of OREO booked during 2021 and other net increases in expenses of 0.8 million. Non-interest expense decreased significantly due to our payment of 3.3 million in litigation settlement expenses during the first quarter of 2021 and a 2.4 million prepayment penalty for the early repayment of 70.0 million of FHLB advances recognized in the third quarter of 2021, a reduction of 2.4 million in professional and investor relations expenses primarily related to reimbursement of 0.7 in litigation expenses, a reduction of 0.4 million in investor relations costs and a 1.3 million reduction in legal fees. Charitable contributions also declined by 0.9 million primarily due to the funding of the Foundation at the end of 2021. Applicable Income Taxes We recognized a tax expense of 8.1 million in 2022, compared to a tax expense of 6.5 million in 2021. See the discussion under Income Taxes in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements presented elsewhere in this annual report for a detailed analysis of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Our effective tax rate was 24.5 in 2022 and 24.9 in 2021. The decrease in the tax rate for 2022 was primarily due to the increase in tax credits related to a new 2021 investment in a low-income housing tax credit that began to provide tax benefits in 2022 and will continue to provide benefits in the coming years. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had Maryland Net Operating Losses NOLs of 41.0 million for which a deferred tax asset of 2.7 million has been recorded. There was also a Maryland state interest expense carryforward of 3.1 million, for which a deferred tax asset of 0.2 million has been recorded. There has been and continues to be a full valuation allowance on these NOLs and interest expense deferred tax assets, based on management s belief that it is more likely than not that these NOLs will not be realized prior to the expiration of their carry-forward periods because the Corporation will not generate sufficient taxable income in the future to fully utilize the NOLs. The valuation allowance was 2.9 million and 3.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have concluded that no valuation allowance is deemed necessary for our remaining federal and state deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022, as it is more likely than not that they will be realized based on the expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities, the generation of future income sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets as they reverse, and the ability to implement tax planning strategies to prevent the expiration of any carry-forward periods. 
 38 

Tae of Contents 
 GAAP and Non-GAAP measures The following tables sets forth certain selected financial data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is qualified in its entirety by the detailed information and unaudited financial statements, including the notes thereto, included elsewhere in this annual report. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Per Share Data Basic net income per common share (1) - as reported 3.77 2.95 Basic net income per common share (1) - non-GAAP 3.77 3.54 Diluted net income per common share (1) - as reported 3.76 2.95 Diluted net income per common share (1) - non-GAAP 3.76 3.54 Significant Ratios: Return on Average Assets (a) (1) - as reported 1.39 1.12 Settlement, FHLB and contribution expenses, and insurance reimbursement income, net of income tax effect 0.23 Adjusted Return on Average Assets (a) (1) (non-GAAP) 1.39 1.35 Return on Average Equity (a) (1) - as reported 18.19 14.92 Settlement, FHLB and contribution expenses, and insurance reimbursement income, net of income tax effect 2.90 Adjusted Return on Average Equity (a) (1) (non-GAAP) 18.19 17.82 (1) See reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure provided elsewhere herein associated with settlement, FHLB and contribution expenses, and insurance reimbursement incurred during 2021. 

Year Ended 2022 2021 (in thousands, except for per share amount) Net income - as reported 25,048 19,770 Adjustments: Settlement expense 3,300 FHLB penalty 2,368 Charitable contribution 1,000 Insurance reimbursement (1,375) Income tax effect of adjustment (1,227) Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 25,048 23,836 Basic earnings per share - as reported 3.77 2.95 Adjustments: Settlement expense 0.47 FHLB penalty 0.35 Charitable contribution 0.15 Insurance reimbursement (0.20) Income tax effect of adjustment (0.18) Adjusted basic earnings per share (non-GAAP) 3.77 3.54 Diluted earnings per share - as reported 3.76 2.95 
 39 

Tae of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET REVIEW Overview Total assets at December 31, 2022 increased by 118.3 million since December 31, 2021. During 2022, cash and interest-bearing deposits in other banks decreased by 41.4 million, the investment portfolio increased by 18.5 million and gross loans increased by 125.8 million. Management made strategic decisions to deploy excess cash balances in 2022. Cash was utilized to purchase a 73.3 million in securities in 2022. OREO balances increased by 0.3 million due to foreclosure activity in 2022. Other assets, including deferred taxes, premises and equipment, and accrued interest receivable, increased by 3.4 million. Total liabilities increased by 101.4 million since December 31, 2021. Non-interest bearing deposits increased by 5.0 million. Interest bearing demand deposits increased by 99.5 million and traditional savings accounts increased by 14.1 million. The increase in interest bearing demand deposits was attributable to an increase in municipality funding into a higher yielding indexed product. Money market balances increased by 25.4 million. Time deposits decreased by 42.7 million related to maturing balances moving to more liquid accounts, or broker investment accounts, due to the rising deposit rates as well as municipal funds moving to higher yielding State funding alternatives. Total shareholders equity increased by 9.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as net income of 25.0 million and the issuance of 0.7 million of new shares of common stock was offset by other comprehensive losses of 11.7 million and the payment of 4.2 million in dividends. As indicated below, the total interest-earning asset mix remained relatively constant at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. The mix for each year is illustrated below. 

Year End Percentage of Total Assets 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 4 7 Net loans 68 66 Investments 20 20 The year-end total liability mix has remained consistent during the two-year period as illustrated below. 

Year End Percentage of Total Liabilities 2022 2021 Total deposits 93 93 Total borrowings 6 6 Loan Portfolio The Bank is actively engaged in originating loans to customers primarily in Allegany County, Frederick County, Garrett County, and Washington County in Maryland, and in Berkeley County, Mineral County, Monongalia County, and Harrison County in West Virginia; and the surrounding regions of West Virginia and Pennsylvania. We have policies and procedures designed to mitigate credit risk and to maintain the quality of our loan portfolio. These policies include underwriting standards for new credits as well as continuous monitoring and reporting policies for asset quality and the adequacy of the ALL. These policies, coupled with ongoing training efforts, have provided effective checks and balances for the risk associated with the lending process. Lending authority is based on the type of the loan, and the experience of the lending officer. Commercial loans are collateralized primarily by real estate and, to a lesser extent, equipment and vehicles. Unsecured commercial loans represent an insignificant portion of total commercial loans. Residential mortgage loans are collateralized by the related property. Generally, a residential mortgage loan exceeding a specified internal loan-to-value ratio requires private mortgage insurance. Installment loans are typically collateralized, with loan-to-value ratios which are established based on the financial condition of the borrower. We also have made unsecured consumer loans to qualified 
 40 

Tae of Contents 
 borrowers meeting our underwriting standards. Additional information about our loans and underwriting policies can be found in Item 1 of Part I of this annual report under the heading Banking Products and Services . The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio. Historically, our policy has been to make the majority of our loan commitments in our market areas. We had no foreign loans in our portfolio as of December 31 for any of the years presented. Summary of Loan Portfolio The following table presents the composition of our loan portfolio as of December 31 for the past two years: 

(In millions) 2022 2021 Commercial real estate 458.8 374.3 Acquisition and development 70.6 128.1 Commercial and industrial 245.4 181.0 Residential mortgage 444.4 404.7 Consumer 60.3 65.6 Total Loans 1,279.5 1,153.7 Includes PPP loans of 0.4 million and 7.7 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Outstanding loans of 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022 reflected an increase of 125.8 million during 2022. Since December 31, 2021, commercial real estate loans increased by 84.5 million and acquisition and development loans decreased by 57.5 million due primarily to the payoff of one large credit early in the third quarter. Commercial and industrial loans increased by 64.4 million for the year, primarily in new floor plan business, new commercial clients and continued expansion of existing client relationships. Residential mortgage loans increased 39.7 million related to management s strategic decision to book new mortgage loans at higher rates to our in-house portfolio. The consumer loan portfolio decreased by 5.3 million due to amortization and payoffs of the existing portfolio slightly offset by new production. Commercial loan production for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 374.2 million, with 53.3 million originated during the fourth quarter. At December 31, 2022, unfunded, committed commercial construction loans totaled approximately 27.8 million. Commercial amortization and payoffs were approximately 282.7 million through December 31, 2022. Consumer mortgage loan production was approximately 91.8 million through December 31, 2022. The pipeline of in-house, portfolio loans as of December 31, 2022, consisted of 7.5 million. The residential mortgage production level slowed in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to the increasing interest rates that occurred in 2022. 
 41 

Tae of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the maturities, based upon contractual dates, for selected loan categories as of December 31, 2022: Maturities of Loan Portfolio at December 31, 2022 

Fixed Rate Loans (In thousands) Maturing Within One Year Maturing After One Year But Within Five Years Maturing After Five Years Within Fifteen Years Maturing After Fifteen Years Total Commercial Real Estate 26,050 235,702 75,591 1,001 338,344 Acquisition and Development 31,470 11,632 1,915 794 45,811 Commercial and Industrial 12,456 97,657 45,406 136 155,655 Residential Mortgage 789 35,323 37,225 106,497 179,834 Consumer 1,287 28,696 18,836 2,441 51,260 Total Loans 72,052 409,010 178,973 110,869 770,904 Variable Rate Loans (In thousands) Maturing Within One Year Maturing After One Year But Within Five Years Maturing After Five Years Within Fifteen Years Maturing After Fifteen Years Total Commercial Real Estate 7,173 14,818 65,475 33,021 120,487 Acquisition and Development 5,376 5,020 7,314 7,075 24,785 Commercial and Industrial 54,223 21,534 13,943 41 89,741 Residential Mortgage 1,125 1,910 20,123 241,419 264,577 Consumer 3,860 4 64 5,072 9,000 Total Loans 71,757 43,286 106,919 286,628 508,590 Commercial and Industrial includes 0.4 million of PPP balances at December 31, 2022 Management monitors the performance and credit quality of the loan portfolio by analyzing the age of the portfolio as determined by the length of time a required payment is past due. A loan is considered to be past due when a scheduled payment has not been received for 30 days past its contractual due date. For all loan segments, the accrual of interest is discontinued when principal or interest is delinquent for 90 days or more unless the loan is well-secured and in the process of collection. All non-accrual loans are considered to be impaired. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans are applied as a reduction of the loan principal balance. Loans are returned to accrual status when all principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. Our policy for recognizing interest income on impaired loans does not differ from our overall policy for interest recognition. 
 42 

Tae of Contents 
 The following sets forth the amounts of non-accrual, past-due and restructured loans for the past two years: Risk Elements of Loan Portfolio 

At December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Non-accrual loans: Commercial real estate 145 81 Acquisition and development 146 390 Commercial and industrial 90 Residential mortgage 3,204 1,901 Total non-accrual loans 3,495 2,462 Accruing Loans Past Due 90 days or more: Residential mortgage 282 148 Consumer 25 152 Total accruing loans past due 90 days or more 307 300 Total non-accrual and past due 90 days or more 3,802 2,762 Restructured Loans (TDRs): Performing 2,751 2,997 Non-accrual (included above) 277 300 Total TDRs 3,028 3,297 Other Real Estate Owned 4,733 4,477 Total Non-performing assets 8,535 7,239 Impaired loans without a valuation allowance 6,153 5,248 Impaired loans with a valuation allowance 345 480 Total impaired loans 6,498 5,728 Valuation allowance related to impaired loans 26 64 Non-accrual loans to total loans (as 0.27 0.21 Non-performing loans to total loans (as 0.30 0.24 Non-performing assets to total assets (as 0.46 0.42 Allowance for loan losses to non-accrual loans (as 418.77 648.05 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing assets (as 171.48 220.40 
 43 

Tae of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the percent applicable by portfolio for non-accrual loans for the past two years: Non-Accrual Loans as a of Applicable Portfolio 

2022 2021 Commercial real estate 0.0 0.0 Acquisition and development 0.2 0.3 Commercial and industrial 0.0 0.0 Residential mortgage 0.7 0.5 Consumer 0.0 0.0 We would have recognized 0.2 million in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 had our non-accrual loans been current and performing in accordance with their terms. During 2022, we recognized, on a cash basis, 0.2 million of interest income on non-accrual loans that paid off. Performing loans considered to be impaired (including performing troubled debt restructurings, or TDRs), as defined and identified by management, amounted to 3.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 3.3 million at December 31, 2021. Loans are identified as impaired when, based on current information and events, management determines that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to contractual terms. These loans consist primarily of acquisition and development loans and CRE loans. The fair values are generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the collateral or discounted cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. Specific allocations have been made where there is insufficient collateral to repay the loan balance if liquidated and there is no secondary source of repayment available. The level of performing impaired loans (other than performing TDRs) decreased by 0.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans was related to the increase in non-accrual loans in 2022 compared to 2021. A troubled debt restructuring is the restructuring of a loan in which one or more concessions are granted to a borrower who is experiencing financial difficulties. A loan will be classified as a TDR if the Bank restructures the loan s terms (i.e., interest rate, payment amount, amortization period and/or maturity date) after determining that the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties. A modified loan is considered to be a TDR when the Bank has determined that the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties. The Bank evaluates the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without modification. To make this determination, the Bank performs a global financial review of the borrower and loan guarantors to assess their current ability to meet their financial obligations. 
 44 

Tae of Contents 
 The following table presents the details of TDRs by loan class at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Number of Contracts Recorded Investment Number of Contracts Recorded Investment Performing Commercial real estate Non owner-occupied 1 100 1 106 All other CRE 2 2,018 2 2,178 Acquisition and development 1-4 family residential construction 1 210 1 239 All other A D Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage Residential mortgage term 6 423 6 474 Residential mortgage home equity Consumer Total performing 10 2,751 10 2,997 Non-accrual Commercial real estate Non owner-occupied All other CRE Acquisition and development 1-4 family residential construction All other A D Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage Residential mortgage term 2 277 2 300 Residential mortgage home equity Consumer Total non-accrual 2 277 2 300 Total TDRs 12 3,028 12 3,297 The level of TDRs decreased by 0.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no new loans added to TDRs and one loan already in performing TDRs was re-modified. Net principal payments totaling 0.3 million were received during the same time period. At December 31, 2022, there were no additional funds committed to be advanced in connection with TDRs. In 2022, interest income not recognized due to rate modifications of TDRs was 55 thousand and interest income recognized on all TDRs was 0.2 million. Allowance for Loan Losses The ALL is maintained to absorb probable incurred credit losses from the loan portfolio. The ALL is based on management s continuing evaluation of the quality of the loan portfolio, assessment of current economic conditions, diversification and size of the portfolio, adequacy of collateral, past and anticipated loss experience, and the amount of non-performing loans. The ALL is also based on estimates, and actual losses will vary from current estimates. These estimates are reviewed quarterly, and as adjustments, either positive or negative, become necessary, a corresponding increase or decrease is made in the ALL. The methodology used to determine the adequacy of the ALL is consistent with prior years. An estimate for probable losses related to unfunded lending commitments, such as letters of credit and binding but unfunded loan commitments is also prepared. This estimate is computed in a manner similar to the methodology described above, adjusted for the probability of actually funding the commitment. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance for reserve 
 45 

Tae of Contents 
 for probable losses on unfunded commitments, included in other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition was 0.1 million. The ALL was 14.6 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 16.0 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 8.3 that resulted primarily from improvements in unemployment rates and a decline in total delinquencies. Net charge-offs of 0.7 million were recorded for 2022, compared to net recoveries of 0.3 million for 2021. The ratio of the ALL to loans outstanding was 1.14 at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.38 at December 31, 2021. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 was an annualized 0.06 , compared to net recoveries to average loans of 0.02 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net charge-offs was primarily related to increased charge-offs in our consumer loan portfolio. Our special assets team continues to effectively collect on charged-off loans, resulting in ongoing overall low charge-off ratios. Accruing loans past due 30 days or more decreased to 0.16 , compared to 0.31 at December 31, 2021. Non-accrual loans totaled 3.5 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 2.5 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in non-accrual balances at December 31, 2022 was primarily related to one residential real estate loan of 1.5 million added to non-accrual in 2022. This was partially offset by reductions in principal balance of existing non-accrual loans. The ALL at December 31, 2022 is adequate to provide for probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio. Amounts that will be recorded for the provision for loan losses in future periods will depend upon trends in the loan balances, including the composition of the loan portfolio, changes in loan quality and loss experience trends, potential recoveries on previously charged-off loans and changes in other qualitative factors. Management also applies interest rate risk, collateral value and debt service sensitivity analyses to the CRE loan portfolio and obtains new appraisals on specific loans under defined parameters to assist in the determination of the periodic provision for loan losses. 
 46 

Tae of Contents 
 The following table presents the activity in the ALL by major loan category for the past two years. Analysis of Activity in the Allowance for Loan Losses 

For the Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Balance, January 1 15,955 16,486 Charge-offs: Commercial real estate (14) Acquisition and development (20) (85) Commercial and industrial (134) (2) Residential mortgage (46) (141) Consumer (921) (396) Total charge-offs (1,121) (638) Recoveries: Commercial real estate 1 Acquisition and development 22 175 Commercial and industrial 93 513 Residential mortgage 184 66 Consumer 145 170 Total recoveries 445 924 Net credit (losses)/recoveries (676) 286 Credit for loan losses (643) (817) Balance at end of period 14,636 15,955 Allowance for loan losses to total loans (as 1.14 1.38 Net (Charge-offs)/Recoveries as a of Average Applicable Portfolio 2022 2021 Commercial real estate 0.0 (0.0 Acquisition and development 0.0 0.1 Commercial and industrial (0.0 0.2 Residential mortgage 0.0 (0.0 Consumer (1.3 (0.4 
 47 

Tae of Contents 
 The following presents management s allocation of the ALL by major loan category in comparison to that loan category s percentage of total loans. Changes in the allocation over time reflect changes in the composition of the loan portfolio risk profile and refinements to the methodology of determining the ALL. Specific allocations in any particular category may be reallocated in the future as needed to reflect current conditions. Accordingly, the entire ALL is considered available to absorb losses in any category. Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses 

For the Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 of Total Loans 2021 of Total Loans Commercial real estate 6,345 43 6,032 38 Acquisition and development 979 7 2,615 16 Commercial and industrial 2,845 19 2,460 15 Residential mortgage 3,160 22 3,484 22 Consumer 877 6 934 6 Unallocated 430 3 430 3 Total 14,636 100 15,955 100 Investment Securities The following table sets forth the composition of our investment securities portfolio by major category as of the indicated dates: 

At December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value (FV) FV As of Total Amortized Cost Fair Value (FV) FV As of Total Securities Available-for-Sale: U.S. government agencies 11,044 9,462 8 69,602 67,169 23 Residential mortgage-backed agencies 45,052 37,401 30 49,630 48,661 17 Commercial mortgage-backed agencies 37,393 30,732 23 51,694 50,868 19 Collateralized mortgage obligations 25,828 21,044 17 93,018 90,077 31 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 10,848 10,492 8 12,439 12,804 4 Corporate bonds 1,000 887 1 Collateralized debt obligations 18,664 15,871 13 18,609 17,192 6 Total available for sale 149,829 125,889 100 294,992 286,771 100 Securities Held to Maturity: U.S. treasuries 37,204 35,611 18 0 U.S. government agencies 67,734 54,473 27 0 Residential mortgage-backed agencies 28,624 25,122 12 30,634 30,847 47 Commercial mortgage-backed agencies 22,389 17,821 9 5,456 5,601 9 Collateralized mortgage obligations 57,085 47,084 23 0 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 22,623 22,969 11 20,169 28,921 44 Total held to maturity 235,659 203,080 100 56,259 65,369 100 
 48 

Tae of Contents 
 The fair value of investment securities available for sale decreased by 160.9 million since December 31, 2021 due to the transfer of investments from available for sale to held to maturity in the first quarter 2022. At December 31, 2022, the securities classified as available for sale included a net unrealized loss of 24.0 million, which represents the difference between the fair value and the amortized cost of securities in the portfolio The Corporation reassessed the classification of certain investments and, effective February 1, 2022, the Corporation transferred 139.0 million of callable agencies, obligation of state and political subdivisions, and collateralized mortgage obligations from available for sale to held to maturity securities. The transferred occurred at fair value. The related unrealized loss of 8.4 million included in other comprehensive loss remained in other comprehensive loss, to be amortized out of other comprehensive loss with an offsetting entry to interest income as a yield adjustment over the remaining term of the securities. No gain or loss was recorded at the time of transfer. The transfer of these securities was completed in an effect to mitigate further decline in fair market value value in a rising rate environment. Management s assessment of the potential included lower yielding bonds and the risk of extension in an up 300 basis point shock. As discussed in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements presented elsewhere in this report, we measure fair market values based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures . The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). Level 3 prices or valuation techniques require inputs that are both significant to the valuation assumptions and are not readily observable in the market (i.e. supported with little or no market activity). These Level 3 instruments are valued based on both observable and unobservable inputs derived from the best available data, some of which is internally developed, and considers risk premiums that a market participant would require. Approximately 110.0 million of the available-for-sale portfolio was valued using Level 2 pricing and had net unrealized losses of 21.2 million at December 31, 2022. The remaining 15.9 million of the securities available-for-sale represents the entire collateralized debt obligation CDO portfolio, which was valued using significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 pricing. The 2.8 million in net unrealized losses associated with the CDO portfolio relates to nine pooled trust preferred securities that comprise the CDO portfolio. Net unrealized losses of 1.7 million represent non-credit related other than temporary impairment OTTI charges on seven of the securities while 1.1 million of unrealized losses relates to two securities which have had no credit related OTTI. 
 49 

Tae of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the contractual or estimated maturities of the components of our investment securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and the weighted average yields on a tax-equivalent basis. Investment Security Maturities, Yields, and Fair Values at December 31, 2022 

(In thousands) Within 1 Year 1 Year To 5 Years 5 Years To 10 Years Over 10 Years Total Fair Value Securities Available-for-Sale: U.S. government agencies 8,186 1,276 9,462 Residential mortgage-backed agencies 29,653 7,748 37,401 Commercial mortgage-backed agencies 85 24,118 6,529 30,732 Collateralized mortgage obligations 1,701 12,201 7,142 21,044 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 340 2,832 891 6,429 10,492 Corporate bonds 887 887 Collateralized debt obligations 15,871 15,871 Total available for sale 425 36,837 50,161 38,466 125,889 Percentage of total 0.34 29.26 39.85 30.56 100.00 Weighted average yield 3.82 2.10 2.01 7.99 3.87 Held to Maturity: US Treasuries 35,611 35,611 U.S. government agencies 11,246 26,825 16,403 54,474 Residential mortgage-backed agencies 854 4,120 2,957 17,191 25,122 Commercial mortgage-backed agencies 712 6,977 10,132 17,821 Collateralized mortgage obligations 9,108 25,514 12,461 47,083 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 22,969 22,969 Total held to maturity 1,566 67,062 65,428 69,024 203,080 Percentage of total 0.77 33.02 32.22 33.99 100.00 Weighted average yield (0.88) 2.20 2.64 3.50 2.76 The weighted average yield was calculated using historical cost balances and does not give effect to changes in fair value. The negative weighted average yield was due to increased paydowns on mortgage-backed securities that impacted their factors and three month conditional prepayment rate. At December 31, 2022, one Tax Increment Funding bond totaling 17.7 million exceeded 10 of shareholders equity. Deposits The following table sets forth the deposit balances by major category for 2022 and 2021: Deposit Balances 

2022 2021 (In thousands) Actual Balance Percent Actual Balance Percent Non-interest-bearing demand deposits 506,613 32 501,627 34 Interest-bearing deposits: Demand 327,685 21 228,175 16 Money Market 365,192 23 339,748 23 Savings deposits 250,720 16 236,595 16 Time deposits 120,523 8 163,229 11 Total Deposits 1,570,733 100 1,469,374 100 
 50 

Tae of Contents 
 Total deposits at December 31, 2022 increased by 101.4 million when compared to deposits at December 31, 2021. Non-interest-bearing deposits increased by 5.0 million. Interest bearing demand deposits increased by 99.5 million and traditional savings accounts increased by 14.1 million. The increase in interest bearing demand deposits was attributable to an increase in municipality funding into a higher yielding indexed product. Money market balances increased by 25.4 million. Time deposits decreased by 42.7 million related to maturing balances moving to more liquid accounts, or brokerage investment accounts, due to the rising deposit rates as well as municipal funds moving to higher yielding State funding alternatives. Borrowed Funds The following shows the composition of our borrowings at December 31: 

(In thousands) 2022 2021 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 64,565 57,699 Total short-term borrowings 64,565 57,699 Junior subordinated debentures 30,929 30,929 Total long-term borrowings 30,929 30,929 Total borrowings 95,494 88,628 Average balance (from Table 1) 94,111 135,037 The following is a summary of short-term borrowings at December 31 with original maturities of less than one year: 

(Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase: Outstanding at end of year 64,565 57,699 Weighted average interest rate at year end 0.12 0.15 Maximum amount outstanding as of any month end 75,912 72,396 Average amount outstanding 63,182 57,697 Approximate weighted average rate during the year 0.12 0.15 Total borrowings increased by 6.9 million, or 7.7 , in 2022 when compared to 2021 due to increased balances in our existing accounts in our Treasury Management product. Management will continue to closely monitor interest rates within the context of its overall asset-liability management process. See the discussion under the heading Interest Rate Sensitivity in this Item 7 for further information on this topic. At December 31, 2022, we had additional borrowing capacity with the FHLB totaling 195.3 million, an additional 140.0 million of unused lines of credit with various financial institutions, and 9.6 million of an unused secured line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements presented elsewhere in this annual report for further details about our borrowings and additional borrowing capacity, which is incorporated herein by reference. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements In the normal course of business, to meet the financing needs of its customers, the Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, lines of credit, and standby letters of credit. Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to these financial instruments is represented by the contractual amount of the instruments. The credit risks inherent in loan commitments and letters of credit are essentially the same as those involved in extending loans to customers, and these arrangements are subject to our normal credit policies. We use the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. We generally require collateral or other security to support the financial 
 51 

Tae of Contents 
 instruments with credit risk. The amount of collateral or other security is determined based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. Loan commitments and letters of credit totaled 253.9 million and 14.3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. Management does not believe that any of the foregoing arrangements have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. We are not a party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements. See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements presented elsewhere in this annual report for additional information on these arrangements. Capital Resources We require capital to fund loans, satisfy our obligations under the Bank s letters of credit, meet the deposit withdraw demands of the Bank s customers, and satisfy our other monetary obligations. To the extent that deposits are not adequate to fund our capital requirements, we can rely on the funding sources identified below under the heading Liquidity Management . At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 140.0 million available through unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks, 9.6 million available through a secured line of credit with the Federal Reserve Discount Window and approximately 195.3 million available through the FHLB. Management is not aware of any demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that are likely to materially affect our ability to meet our future capital requirements. In addition to operational requirements, the Bank and the Corporation are subject to risk-based capital regulations, which were adopted and are monitored by federal banking regulators. These regulations are used to evaluate capital adequacy and require an analysis of an institution s asset risk profile and off-balance sheet exposures, such as unused loan commitments and stand-by letters of credit. Detailed information about these capital regulations and their requirements is set forth in the Supervision and Regulation section of Item 1 of Part I of this annual report under the heading Capital Requirements . At December 31, 2022, the Corporation s total risk-based capital ratio was 16.12 and the Bank s total risk-based capital ratio was 14.37 , both of which were well above the regulatory minimum of 8 . The total risk-based capital ratios of the Corporation and the Bank at December 31, 2021 were 15.89 and 14.97 , respectively. The decrease at the Bank was primarily due to dividend funding to the Corporation. At December 31, 2022, the most recent notification from the regulators categorizes the Corporation and the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements presented elsewhere in this annual report for additional information regarding regulatory capital ratios. Liquidity Management Liquidity is a financial institution s capability to meet customer demands for deposit withdrawals while funding all credit-worthy loans. The factors that determine the institution s liquidity are: Reliability and stability of core deposits; Cash flow structure and pledging status of investments; and Potential for unexpected loan demand. 
 We actively manage our liquidity position through meetings of a sub-committee of executive management, which looks forward 12 months at 30-day intervals. The measurement is based upon the projection of funds sold or purchased position, along with ratios and trends developed to measure dependence on purchased funds and core growth. Monthly reviews by management and quarterly reviews by the Asset and Liability Committee under prescribed policies and procedures are designed to ensure that we will maintain adequate levels of available funds. It is our policy to manage our affairs so that liquidity needs are fully satisfied through normal Bank operations. That is, the Bank will manage its liquidity to minimize the need to make unplanned sales of assets or to borrow funds 
 52 

Tae of Contents 
 under emergency conditions. The Bank will use funding sources where the interest cost is relatively insensitive to market changes in the short run (periods of one year or less) to satisfy operating cash needs. The remaining normal funding will come from interest-sensitive liabilities, either deposits or borrowed funds. When the marginal cost of needed wholesale funding is lower than the cost of raising this funding in the retail markets, the Corporation may supplement retail funding with external funding sources such as: Unsecured Fed Funds lines of credit with upstream correspondent banks (M T Bank, Atlantic Community Bankers Bank, Community Bankers Bank, PNC Financial Services, Pacific Coast Banker s Bank and Zions Bancorp). Secured advances with the FHLB of Atlanta, which are collateralized by eligible one to four family residential mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, commercial real estate loans. Cash and various securities may also be pledged as collateral. Secured line of credit with the Federal Reserve Discount Window for use in borrowing funds up to 90 days, using municipal securities as collateral. Brokered deposits, including CDs and money market funds, provide a method to generate deposits quickly. These deposits are strictly rate driven but often provide the most cost effective means of funding growth. One Way Buy CDARS/ICS funding a form of brokered deposits that has become a viable supplement to brokered deposits obtained directly. 
 We have adequate liquidity available to respond to current and anticipated liquidity demands and is not aware of any trends or demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that are likely to materially affect our ability to maintain liquidity at satisfactory levels. Market Risk and Interest Sensitivity Our primary market risk is interest rate fluctuation. Interest rate risk results primarily from the traditional banking activities that we engage in, such as gathering deposits and extending loans. Many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in interest rates and consumer preferences affect the difference between the interest earned on our assets and the interest paid on our liabilities. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the degree that earnings will be impacted by changes in the prevailing level of interest rates. Interest rate risk arises from mismatches in the repricing or maturity characteristics between interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Management seeks to minimize fluctuating net interest margins, and to enhance consistent growth of net interest income through periods of changing interest rates. Management uses interest sensitivity gap analysis and simulation models to measure and manage these risks. The interest rate sensitivity gap analysis assigns each interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability to a time frame reflecting its next repricing or maturity date. The differences between total interest-sensitive assets and liabilities at each time interval represent the interest sensitivity gap for that interval. A positive gap generally indicates that rising interest rates during a given interval will increase net interest income, as more assets than liabilities will reprice. A negative gap position would benefit us during a period of declining interest rates. At December 31, 2022, we were asset sensitive. Our interest rate risk management goals are: Ensure that the Board of Directors and senior management will provide effective oversight and ensure that risks are adequately identified, measured, monitored and controlled; Enable dynamic measurement and management of interest rate risk; Select strategies that optimize our ability to meet our long-range financial goals while maintaining interest rate risk within policy limits established by the Board of Directors; Use both income and market value oriented techniques to select strategies that optimize the relationship between risk and return; and Establish interest rate risk exposure limits for fluctuation in net interest income NII ), net income and economic value of equity. 

 53 

Tae of Contents 
 In order to manage interest sensitivity risk, management formulates guidelines regarding asset generation and pricing, funding sources and pricing, and off-balance sheet commitments. These guidelines are based on management s outlook regarding future interest rate movements, the state of the regional and national economy, and other financial and business risk factors. Management uses computer simulations to measure the effect on net interest income of various interest rate scenarios. Key assumptions used in the computer simulations include cash flows and maturities of interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities, changes in asset volumes and pricing, and management s capital plans. This modeling reflects interest rate changes and the related impact on net interest income over specified periods. We evaluate the effect of a change in interest rates of -300 basis points to +400 basis points on both NII and Net Portfolio Value NPV / Economic Value of Equity EVE ). We concentrate on NII rather than net income as long as NII remains the significant contributor to net income. NII modeling allows management to view how changes in interest rates will affect the spread between the yield earned on assets and the cost of deposits and borrowed funds. Unlike traditional Gap modeling, NII modeling takes into account the different degree to which installments in the same repricing period will adjust to a change in interest rates. It also allows the use of different assumptions in a falling versus a rising rate environment. The period considered by the NII modeling is the next eight quarters. NPV / EVE modeling focuses on the change in the market value of equity. NPV / EVE is defined as the market value of assets less the market value of liabilities plus/minus the market value of any off-balance sheet positions. By effectively looking at the present value of all future cash flows on or off the balance sheet, NPV / EVE modeling takes a longer-term view of interest rate risk. This complements the shorter-term view of the NII modeling. Measures of NII at risk produced by simulation analysis are indicators of an institution s short-term performance in alternative rate environments. These measures are typically based upon a relatively brief period, usually one year. They do not necessarily indicate the long-term prospects or economic value of the institution. Based on the simulation analysis performed at December 31, 2022 and 2021, management estimated the following changes in net interest income, assuming the indicated rate changes: 

(Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 +400 basis points 1,112 4,072 +300 basis points 225 3,233 +200 basis points 173 2,315 +100 basis points 121 1,160 -100 basis points (776) (3,110) -200 basis points (3,165) N/A -300 basis points (7,382) N/A This estimate is based on assumptions that may be affected by unforeseeable changes in the general interest rate environment and any number of unforeseeable factors. Rates on different assets and liabilities within a single maturity category adjust to changes in interest rates to varying degrees and over varying periods of time. The relationships between lending rates and rates paid on purchased funds are not constant over time. Management can respond to current or anticipated market conditions by lengthening or shortening the Bank s sensitivity through loan repricings or changing its funding mix. The rate of growth in interest-free sources of funds will influence the level of interest-sensitive funding sources. In addition, the absolute level of interest rates will affect the volume of earning assets and funding sources. As a result of these limitations, the interest-sensitive gap is only one factor to be considered in estimating the net interest margin. Impact of Inflation Our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature, and as such, future changes in prices do not affect the obligations to pay or receive fixed and determinable amounts of money. During inflationary periods, monetary assets lose value in terms of purchasing power and monetary liabilities have corresponding purchasing power gains. The concept of purchasing power is not an adequate indicator of the impact of inflation on financial institutions because it does not incorporate changes in our earnings. 
 54 

Tae of Contents 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, the Corporation is not required to provide the information contemplated by this item. See Item 7 of Part II of this report under the heading Market Risk and Interest Sensitivity for a discussion of the Corporation s primary market risk. 
 55 

Tae of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 57 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 59 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 60 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 61 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 62 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 63 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 65 
 56 

Tae of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Shareholders and the Board of Directors of First United Corporation Oakland, Maryland Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of First United Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Allowance for Loan Losses Qualitative Factors As more fully described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates and records an allowance for loan losses for loans collectively evaluated for impairment by developing a loss rate based on historical losses and qualitative factors. Qualitative factors are used to adjust historical loss rates considering relevant factors such as national and local economic trends and conditions; levels and trends in delinquency rates and non-accrual loans; trends in volumes and terms of loans; effects of changes in lending policies; experience, ability, and depth of lending staff; value of underlying collateral; and 
 57 

Tae of Contents 
 concentrations of credit. The application of the adjustments for qualitative factors to the historical loss rate calculation is subjective. The principal considerations for our determination that auditing the qualitative factors is a critical audit matter is the high degree of judgment involved in the assessment of the risk of loss associated with each risk factor. Our audit procedures included substantive testing related to the qualitative factors. Procedures included, among others: Evaluation of relevance and reliability of the data used to determine the qualitative factors and agreed to source documentation. Evaluation of management judgments involved in the assessment of the qualitative factors, including the reasonableness and appropriateness of the magnitude of the adjustments for the factors, and the resulting allocation to the allowance. Testing the mathematical accuracy of the allowance calculation, including the calculation of the qualitative allowance, which included the accuracy of the allocation of the qualitative factors. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 24, 2023 
 58 

Tae of Contents 
 First United Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest bearing deposits in banks Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities available-for-sale (at fair value) Investment securities held to maturity (fair value of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) Restricted investment in bank stock, at cost Loans held for sale (at lower of cost or fair value) Loans Unearned fees ) ) Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment, net Goodwill and other intangibles Bank owned life insurance Deferred tax assets Other real estate owned Right of use assets Trust receivable Pension Asset Accrued interest receivable Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities: Non-interest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Total deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Operating lease liability SERP deferred compensation Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Dividends payable Total Liabilities Shareholders Equity: Common Stock par value per share; Authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 Surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 59 

Tae of Contents 
 First United Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income (In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest income Interest and fees on loans Interest on investment securities Taxable Exempt from federal income tax Total investment income Other Total interest income Interest expense Interest on deposits Interest on short-term borrowings Interest on long-term borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Credit for loan losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for loan losses Other operating income Net gains Service charges on deposit accounts Other service charges Trust department Debit card income Bank owned life insurance Brokerage commissions Insurance reimbursement Other Total other income Total other operating income Other operating expenses Salaries and employee benefits FDIC premiums Equipment Occupancy Data processing Marketing Professional services Contract labor Line rentals Total OREO expense/(income), net ) Investor relations Settlement expense FHLB prepayment expense Contributions Other Total other operating expenses Income before income tax expense Provision for income tax expense Net Income Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share Weighted average number of basic shares outstanding Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 60 

Tae of Contents 
 First United Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, Comprehensive Income 2022 2021 Net Income Other comprehensive income, net of tax and reclassification adjustments Available for sale securities: Unrealized holding (losses)/gains on investments with OTTI ) Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in income Other comprehensive (losses)/income on investments with OTTI ) Unrealized holding losses on all other AFS investments ) ) Unrealized holding losses on securities transferred from available for sale to held to maturity Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in income Other comprehensive losses on all other AFS investments ) ) Held to maturity securities: Unrealized holding losses on securities transferred to held to maturity ) Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in income Reclassification adjustment for amortization realized in income ) ) Other comprehensive (losses)/income on HTM investments ) Cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gains on cash flow hedges Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in income Other comprehensive income on cash flow hedges Pension plan liability: Unrealized holding gains on pension plan liability Reclassification adjustment for amortization of unrecognized loss realized in income ) ) Other comprehensive income on pension plan liability SERP liability: Unrealized holding losses/(gains) on SERP liability ) Reclassification adjustment for amortization of unrecognized loss realized in income ) ) Other comprehensive gains/( losses) on SERP liability ) Other comprehensive income before income tax ) Income tax expense related to other comprehensive income ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax ) Comprehensive Income See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 61 

Tae of Contents 
 First United Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (In thousands, except number of shares) 

Common Stock Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax Total Shareholders Equity Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Common stock issued - shares Common stock dividend declared - per share ) ) Stock based compensation Stock repurchase - shares ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Common stock issued- shares Common stock dividend declared - per share ) ) Stock based compensation Balance at December 31, 2022 ) See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 62 

Tae of Contents 
 First United Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Credit for loan losses ) ) Depreciation Stock based compensation Amortization of intangible assets Gains on sales of other real estate owned, net ) Write-downs of other real estate owned Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Gains on sales of loans held for sale ) ) Gains on disposal of fixed assets ) ) Net amortization of investment securities discounts and premiums- AFS Net (accretion)/amortization of investment securities discounts and premiums- HTM ) Net gain on sales of investment securities available-for-sale ) Net gain on calls of investment securities available-for-sale ) Net (gains)/losses on calls of investment securities held to maturity ) Amortization of deferred loan fees ) ) Deferred tax expense Earnings on bank owned life insurance ) ) Amortization of operating lease right of use asset Operating lease liability ) ) Decrease/(increase) in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) (Decrease)/increase in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Proceeds from maturities/calls of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities/calls of investment securities held-to-maturity Proceeds from sales of investment securities available-for-sale Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Purchases of investment securities held-to-maturity ) ) Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets Net decrease in FHLB stock Net (increase)/decrease in loans ) Purchases of loans ) Purchase of wealth portfolio ) Acquisition of mortgage company ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net increase in deposits Proceeds from issuance of common stock Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Net increase in short-term borrowings Stock repurchase ) Payments on long-term borrowings ) Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) Decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 63 

Tae of Contents 
 Supplemental information Interest paid Taxes paid Non-cash investing activities: Transfers from loans to other real estate owned Transfers from securities available for sale to held-to-maturity See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 64 

Tae of Contents 
 First United Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of the limited partnership interests in Liberty Mews Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership formed for the purpose of acquiring, developing and operating low-income housing units in Garrett County, Maryland Liberty Mews ), and a non-voting membership interest in MCC FUBT Fund, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company formed for the purpose of acquiring, developing and operating low-income housing units in Allegany County, Maryland (the MCC Fund ). First United Corporation and its subsidiaries operate principally in counties in Western Maryland and counties in West Virginia. As used in these Notes, the terms the Corporation , we , us , and our mean First United Corporation and, unless the context clearly suggests otherwise, its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 65 

Tae of Contents 
 , or million, of total loans were secured by real estate acquisition, construction and development projects, with million performing according to their contractual terms and million considered to be impaired based on management s concerns about the borrowers ability to comply with present repayment terms. The million in impaired loans were all classified as troubled debt restructurings TDRs performing in accordance with their modified terms. There were no non-performing loans at December 31, 2022. Additionally, loans collateralized by commercial rental properties represented of the total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Note 5 discusses the types of securities in which the Corporation invests and Note 6 discusses the Corporation s lending activities. 
 66 

Tae of Contents 
 impairment charge is necessary as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Corporation recognizes dividends on an accrual basis. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, dividends of and , respectively, were recorded in other operating income. loans held for sale at December 31, 2022, and million loans were held for sale at December 31, 2021. The segments of the Bank s loan portfolio are disaggregated to a level that allows management to monitor risk and performance. The commercial real estate CRE loan segment is further disaggregated into two classes. Non-owner occupied CRE loans, which include loans secured by non-owner occupied nonfarm nonresidential properties, generally have a greater risk profile than all other CRE loans, which include loans secured by farmland, multifamily structures and owner-occupied commercial structures. The acquisition and development A D loan segment is further disaggregated into two classes. One-to-four family residential construction loans are generally made to individuals for the acquisition of and/or construction on a lot or lots on which a residential dwelling is to be built. All other A D loans are generally made to developers or investors for the purpose of acquiring, developing and constructing residential or commercial structures. These loans have a higher risk profile because the ultimate buyer, once development is completed, is generally not known at the time of the A D loan. The commercial and industrial C I loan segment consists of loans made for the purpose of financing the activities of commercial customers. The residential mortgage loan segment is further disaggregated into two classes: amortizing term loans, which are primarily first liens, and home equity lines of credit, which are generally second liens. The consumer loan segment consists primarily of installment loans (direct and indirect), student loans and overdraft lines of credit connected with customer deposit accounts. Management uses a 10-point internal risk rating system to monitor the credit quality of the overall loan portfolio. The first six categories are considered not criticized and are aggregated as Pass rated. The criticized rating categories utilized by management generally follow bank regulatory definitions. The Special Mention category includes assets that are currently protected but are potentially weak, resulting in an undue and unwarranted credit risk, but not to the point of justifying a Substandard classification. Loans in the Substandard category have well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt, and have a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if the weaknesses are not corrected. All loans greater than 90 days past due are considered Substandard. Only the portion of a specific allocation of the allowance for loan losses is associated with a pending event that could trigger loss in the short term is classified in the Doubtful category. It is possible for a loan to be classified as Substandard in the internal risk rating system, but not considered impaired under GAAP, due to the broader reach of well-defined weaknesses in the application of the Substandard definition. Interest and Fees on Loans Interest on loans (other than those on non-accrual status) is recognized based upon the principal amount outstanding. Loan fees in excess of the costs incurred to originate the loan are recognized as income over the life of the loan utilizing either the interest method or the straight-line method, depending on the type of loan. Generally, fees on loans 
 67 

Tae of Contents 
 
 68 

Tae of Contents 
 at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. , which range from to years for buildings and to for furniture and equipment. million for the purchase of certain assets from a wealth company and million for the purchase of certain assets of a mortgage company. These assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives either on a straight-line or sum-of-the-years basis over varying periods that initially did not exceed 5 years . 
 69 

Tae of Contents 
 
 70 

Tae of Contents 
 segment, community banking, as defined by ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting . The Corporation in its entirety is managed and evaluated on an ongoing basis by First United Corporation s Board of Directors and executive management, with no division or subsidiary receiving separate analysis regarding performance or resource allocation. for common stock), and any excess over par value reduces capital surplus. The Corporation did not repurchase shares of common stock during 2022. In 2021, the Corporation repurchased shares of common stock at a weighted average price of per share. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recently issued but not yet effective Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments- Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU 2016-13 introduces an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchases financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. The new model referred to as current expected credit losses CECL model, will apply to: (a) financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost; and (b) certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. This includes loans, held to maturity debt securities, loan commitments, financial guarantees and net investments in leases as well as reinsurance and trade receivables. The estimate of expected credit losses should consider historical information, current information, and supportable forecasts, including estimates of prepayments. ASU 2016-13 was originally effective for SEC filers for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those annual periods. In November 2019, the FASB approved a delay of the required implementation date of ASU No. 2016-13 for smaller reporting companies, as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Corporation, resulting in a required implementation date for the Corporation of January 1, 2023. The Corporation has completed its data and model valuation analyses as well as parallel processing of current ALL and CECL calculation. The Corporation has largely completed its assessment of related processes, internal controls, and data sources and has developed, documented, and validated a discounted cash flows model utilizing a third-party software provider. The Corporation anticipates that the Corporation and the Bank will continue to be well capitalized after the negative impact resulting from the adoption of CECL. In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848). The ASU provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The amendment only applies to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of the reference rate reform. The ASU is effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Corporation is in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on the loan portfolio, investment portfolio, long term debt and interest rate swaps, but believes that its adoption will not have a material impact on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 
 71 

Tae of Contents 
 anti-dilutive shares at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Diluted Earnings Per Share: Restricted stock units Net income 
 72 

Tae of Contents 
 Realized losses ) Held-to-Maturity: Realized gains on calls Realized losses ) Gains on sale of loans held for sale Gain on disposal of fixed assets Net gains 
 73 

Tae of Contents 
 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions (in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) Federal and state banking regulations place certain restrictions on the amount of dividends paid and loans or advances made by the Bank to First United Corporation. The total amount of dividends that may be paid at any date is generally limited to the retained earnings of the Bank, and loans or advances are limited to of the Bank s capital stock and surplus on a secured basis. In addition, dividends paid by the Bank to First United Corporation would be prohibited if the effect thereof would cause the Bank s capital to be reduced below applicable minimum capital requirements. 
 74 

Tae of Contents 
 Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate Bonds Collateralized debt obligations ) Total available for sale ) (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrecognized Gains Gross Unrecognized Losses Fair Value OTTI in AOCL December 31, 2022 Held to Maturity: U.S. treasuries U.S. government agencies Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total held to maturity 

(in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value OTTI in AOCL December 31, 2021 Available for Sale: U.S. government agencies Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Collateralized debt obligations ) Total available for sale ) (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrecognized Gains Gross Unrecognized Losses Fair Value OTTI in AOCL December 31, 2021 Held to Maturity: Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total held to maturity 
 75 

Tae of Contents 
 Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities and the realized gains and losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Gross realized gains Gross realized losses The following table shows the Corporation s securities with gross unrealized and unrecognized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized position, at December 31, 2022 and 2021: Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate Bonds Collateralized debt obligations Total available for sale Less than 12 months 12 months or more (in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Investments Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Investments December 31, 2022 Held to Maturity: U.S. treasuries U.S. government agencies Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total held to maturity 
 76 

Tae of Contents 
 Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Collateralized debt obligations Total available for sale Less than 12 months 12 months or more (in thousands) Fair Value Unrecognized Losses Number of Investments Fair Value Unrecognized Losses Number of Investments December 31, 2021 Held to Maturity: Residential mortgage-backed agencies Total held to maturity Management systematically evaluates securities for impairment on a quarterly basis. Based upon application of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 320 (Section 320-10-35) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ), management must assess whether (i) the Corporation has the intent to sell the security and (ii) it is more likely than not that the Corporation will be required to sell the security prior to its anticipated recovery. If neither applies, then declines in the fair value of securities below their cost that are considered other-than-temporary declines are split into two components. The first is the loss attributable to declining credit quality. Credit losses are recognized in earnings as realized losses in the period in which the impairment determination is made. The second component consists of all other losses. The other losses are recognized in other comprehensive income. In estimating OTTI charges, management considers (a) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (b) adverse conditions specifically related to the security, an industry, or a geographic area, (c) the historic and implied volatility of the security, (d) changes in the rating of a security by a rating agency, (e) recoveries or additional declines in fair value subsequent to the balance sheet date, (f) failure of the issuer of the security to make scheduled interest payments, and (g) the payment structure of the debt security and the likelihood of the issuer being able to make payments that increase in the future. Due to the duration and the significant market value decline in the pooled trust preferred securities held in our portfolio, we performed more extensive testing on these securities for purposes of evaluating whether or not an OTTI has occurred. Management has concluded that no OTTI occurred for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table presents a cumulative roll-forward of the amount of OTTI charges related to credit losses which have been recognized in earnings for the trust preferred securities in the CDO portfolio held and not intended to be sold for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Reduction for increases in cash flows expected to be collected ) ) Balance of credit-related OTTI at December 31 
 77 

Tae of Contents 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Total available for sale Held to Maturity: Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Total held to maturity At December 31, 2022 and 2021, investment securities with a fair value of million and million, respectively, were pledged as permitted or required to secure public deposits, for securities sold under agreements to repurchase as required or permitted by law and as collateral for borrowing capacity. Collectively evaluated for impairment Total loans December 31, 2021 Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total loans In the ordinary course of business, executive officers and directors of the Corporation, including their families and companies in which certain directors are principal owners, were loan customers of the Bank. Changes in the dollar amount of loans outstanding to officers, directors and their associates were as follows for the year ended December 31: Loans or advances Repayments ) Balance at December 31 
 78 

Tae of Contents 
 All other CRE Acquisition and development 1-4 family residential construction All other A D Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage Residential mortgage - term Residential mortgage home equity Consumer Total December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate Non owner-occupied All other CRE Acquisition and development 1-4 family residential construction All other A D Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage Residential mortgage - term Residential mortgage home equity Consumer Total Management further monitors the performance and credit quality of the loan portfolio by analyzing the age of the portfolio as determined by the length of time a recorded payment is past due. 
 79 

Tae of Contents 
 All other CRE Acquisition and development 1-4 family residential construction All other A D Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage Residential mortgage - term Residential mortgage home equity Consumer Total December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate Non owner-occupied All other CRE Acquisition and development 1-4 family residential construction All other A D Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage Residential mortgage - term Residential mortgage home equity Consumer Total Non-accrual loans that have been subject to partial charge-offs totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. There were no loans secured by 1-4 family residential real estate properties in the process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022. Loans secured by 1-4 family residential real estate properties in the process of foreclosure totalled million at December 31, 2021. Management continues to conform to federal and state mandates relative to the foreclosure processes for both Federal Backed and Non-Federal Backed mortgages. As a percentage of the loan portfolio, accruing loans past due 30 days or more decreased to at December 31, 2022 compared to at December 31, 2021. The ALL is maintained to absorb losses from the loan portfolio. The ALL is based on management s continuing evaluation of the risk characteristics and credit quality of the loan portfolio, assessment of current economic conditions, diversification and size of the portfolio, adequacy of collateral, past and anticipated loss experience, and the amount of non-performing loans. The Bank s methodology for determining the ALL is based on the requirements of ASC Section 310-10-35, Receivables-Overall-Subsequent Measurement , for loans individually evaluated for impairment and ASC Subtopic 450-20, Contingencies - Loss Contingencies , for loans collectively evaluated for impairment, as well as the Interagency 
 80 

Tae of Contents 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment Total ALL December 31, 2021 Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total ALL The evaluation of the need and amount of a specific allocation of the ALL and whether a loan can be removed from impairment status is made on a quarterly basis. The following table presents impaired loans by class, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, segregated by those for which a specific allowance was required and those for which a specific allowance was not necessary: All other CRE Acquisition and development 1-4 family residential construction All other A D Residential mortgage Residential mortgage - term Residential mortgage home equity Consumer Total impaired loans December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate Non owner-occupied All other CRE Acquisition and development 1-4 family residential construction All other A D Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage Residential mortgage - term Residential mortgage home equity Consumer Total impaired loans Loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment are analyzed with general allowances being made as appropriate. For general allowances, historical loss trends are used in the estimation of losses in the current portfolio. These historical loss amounts are modified by other qualitative factors. The classes described above, which are based on the Federal call code assigned to each loan, provide the starting point for the ALL analysis. Management tracks the historical net charge-off activity (full and partial charge-offs, net of full and partial recoveries) at the call code level. A historical charge-off factor is calculated utilizing a defined number of consecutive historical quarters. Consumer pools currently utilize a rolling twelve quarters, while Commercial pools currently utilize a rolling eight quarters. 
 81 

Tae of Contents 
 geographic regions utilized that represent the Bank s lending footprint and a seventh for all out-of-market credits. Different economic environments and resultant credit risks exist in each region that are acknowledged in the assignment of qualitative factors. Loans in the criticized pools, which possess certain qualities or characteristics that may lead to collection and loss issues, are closely monitored by management and subject to additional qualitative factors. Management supplements the historical charge-off factor with a number of additional qualitative factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses associated with the existing loan pools to differ from historical loss experience. The additional factors, which are evaluated quarterly and updated using information obtained from internal, regulatory, and governmental sources, are: (i) national and local economic trends and conditions; (ii) levels of and trends in delinquency rates and non-accrual loans; (iii) trends in volumes and terms of loans; (iv) effects of changes in lending policies; (v) experience, ability, and depth of lending staff; (vi) value of underlying collateral; and (vii) concentrations of credit from a loan type, industry and/or geographic standpoint. Management reviews the loan portfolio on a quarterly basis using a defined, consistently applied process in order to make appropriate and timely adjustments to the ALL. When information confirms all or part of specific loans to be uncollectible, these amounts are promptly charged off against the ALL. Residential mortgage and consumer loans are charged off after they are 120 days contractually past due. All other loans are charged off based on an evaluation of the facts and circumstances of each individual loan. When the Bank believes that its ability to collect is solely dependent on the liquidation of the collateral, a full or partial charge-off is recorded promptly to bring the recorded investment to an amount that the Bank believes is supported by an ability to collect on the collateral. The circumstances that may impact the Bank s decision to charge-off all or a portion of a loan include default or non-payment by the borrower, scheduled foreclosure actions, and/or prioritization of the Bank s claim in bankruptcy. There may be circumstances where due to pending events, the Bank will place a specific allocation of the ALL on a loan for which a partial charge-off has been previously recognized. This specific allocation may be either charged-off or removed depending upon the outcome of the pending event. Full or partial charge-offs are not recovered until full principal and interest on the loan have been collected, even if a subsequent appraisal supports a higher value. In most cases, loans with partial charge-offs remain in non-accrual status. Both full and partial charge-offs reduce the recorded investment of the loan and the ALL and are considered to be charge-offs for purposes of all credit loss metrics and trends, including the historical rolling charge-off rates used in the determination of the ALL. Activity in the ALL is presented for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (credit) ) ) ) ALL balance at December 31, 2022 ALL balance at January 1, 2021 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (credit) ) ) ) ) ALL balance at December 31, 2021 The ALL is based on estimates, and actual losses will vary from current estimates. The granularity of the homogeneous pools and the related historical loss ratios and other qualitative factors, as well as the consistency in the 
 82 

Tae of Contents 
 All other CRE Acquisition and development 1-4 family residential construction All other A D Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage Residential mortgage - term Residential mortgage home equity Consumer Total In the normal course of business, the Bank modifies loan terms for various reasons. These reasons may include as a retention strategy to compete in the current interest rate environment, and to re-amortize or extend a loan term to better match the loan s payment stream with the borrower s cash flows. A modified loan is considered to be a TDR when the Bank has determined that the borrower is troubled (i.e. experiencing financial difficulties) and a concession has been granted. The Bank evaluates the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without modification. To make this determination, the Bank performs a global financial review of the borrower and loan guarantors to assess their current ability to meet their financial obligations. When the Bank restructures a loan to a troubled borrower, the loan terms (i.e. interest rate, payment, amortization period and/or maturity date) are modified in such a way to enable the borrower to cover the modified debt service payments based on current financials and cash flow adequacy. If a borrower s hardship is thought to be temporary, then modified terms are only offered for that time period. Where possible, the Bank obtains additional collateral and/or secondary payment sources at the time of the restructure in order to put the Bank in the best possible position if the borrower is not able to meet the modified terms. To date, the Bank has not forgiven any principal as a restructuring concession. The Bank will not offer modified terms if it believes that modifying the loan terms will only delay an inevitable permanent default. All loans designated as TDRs are considered impaired loans and may be in either accruing or non-accruing status. If the loan was accruing at the time of the modification, then it continues to be in accruing status subsequent to the modification. Non-accrual TDRs may return to accruing status when there has been sufficient payment performance for a period of at least six months. TDRs are considered to be in payment default if, subsequent to modification, the loans are transferred to non-accrual status or to foreclosure. A loan may be removed from being reported as a TDR in the calendar year following the modification if the interest rate at the time of modification was consistent with the interest rate for a loan with comparable credit risk and the loan has performed according to its modified terms for at least six months. Further, a loan that has been removed from TDR reporting status and has been subsequently re-modified at standard market terms, may be removed from impaired status as well. The volume, type and performance of TDR activity is considered in the assessment of the local economic trend qualitative factor used in the determination of the ALL for loans that are evaluated collectively for impairment. There were loans totaling million and loans totaling million that were classified as TDRs at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The following table presents the volume and recorded 
 83 

Tae of Contents 
 Total For the year ended December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate Non owner-occupied Acquisition and development All other A D Residential mortgage Residential mortgage term Total During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were payment defaults. Also, there were additional funds committed to be advanced in connection with TDRs at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Residential mortgage Total OREO The following table presents the activity in the OREO valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Fair value write-down Sales of OREO ) Balance December 31 The following table presents the components of OREO expenses, net, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Fair value write-down Expenses, net Rental and other income ) ) Total OREO expenses/(income), net ) 
 84 

Tae of Contents 
 Land Improvements Premises Furniture and Equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total The Corporation recorded depreciation expense of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Lease Liabilities Operating lease liabilities In calculating the present value of the lease payments, the Corporation has utilized its incremental borrowing rate based on electing the original lease term to account for each lease component. The following table presents the weighted-average lease term and discount rate for operating leases at December 31, 2022: The Corporation elected, for all classes of underlying assets, to separate lease and non-lease components. Total operating lease expense was million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Short-term lease expense was thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 85 

Tae of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Amounts representing interest ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of deposit overdrafts were re-classified as loans. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total In the ordinary course of business, executive officers and directors of the Corporation, including their families and companies in which certain directors are principal owners, were deposit customers of the Bank. At December 31, 2022, executive officers and directors had approximately million in deposits with the Bank compared to million at December 31, 2021. Weighted average interest rate at year end Maximum amount outstanding as of any month end Average amount outstanding Approximate weighted average rate during the year Repurchase agreements were secured by million in investment securities at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 86 

Tae of Contents 
 , Trust I and Trust II issued preferred securities with an aggregate liquidation amount of million to third-party investors and issued common equity with an aggregate liquidation amount of million to First United Corporation. These Trusts used the proceeds of these offerings to purchase an equal amount of TPS Debentures, as follows: million floating rate payable quarterly based on at December 31, 2022), maturing in , became redeemable after issuance at First United Corporation s option. million --floating rate payable quarterly based on at December 31, 2022) maturing in , became redeemable after issuance at First United Corporation s option. The TPS Debentures issued to each of the Trusts represent the sole assets of that Trust, and payments of the TPS Debentures by First United Corporation are the only sources of cash flow for the Trust. First United Corporation has the right, without triggering a default, to defer interest on all of the TPS Debentures for up to quarterly periods, in which case distributions on the preferred securities will also be deferred. Should this occur, the Corporation may not pay dividends or distributions on, or repurchase, redeem or acquire any shares of its capital stock. The following is a summary of long-term borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 with original maturities exceeding one year: Total long-term debt The contractual maturities of the long-term borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 is 2034. The Bank has a borrowing capacity agreement with the FHLB in an amount equal to of the Bank s assets. The available line of credit equaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. This line of credit, which can be used for both short and long-term funding, can only be utilized to the extent of available collateral. The line is secured by certain qualified mortgage, commercial and home equity loans as follows (in thousands): Commercial loans Multi-family loans Home equity loans At December 31, 2022, million was available for additional borrowings. The Bank also has various unsecured lines of credit totaling million with various financial institutions and a million secured line with the Federal Reserve to meet daily liquidity requirements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were borrowings under these credit facilities. Repurchase Agreements - The Bank has retail repurchase agreements with customers within its local market areas. Repurchase agreements generally have maturities of one to four days from the transaction date. These borrowings are collateralized with securities that we own and are held in safekeeping at independent correspondent banks. FHLB Advances - During 2021, the Company prepaid the million of FHLB advances for a prepayment penalty of million 
 87 

Tae of Contents 
 years years Intangible assets associated with acquisition of mortgage company years Total Other intangibles years years Goodwill The following table presents the estimated future amortization expense for amortizing intangible assets within the years ending December 31: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total amortizing intangible assets 
 88 

Tae of Contents) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) The following tables present the components of other comprehensive (loss)/income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: ) Less: accretable yield recognized in income ) Net unrealized losses on investments with OTTI ) ) Available for sale securities all other: Unrealized holding losses ) ) Unrealized holding losses on securities transferred from available for sale to held to maturity ) Less: gains recognized in income ) Net unrealized losses on all other AFS securities ) ) Held to maturity securities: Unrealized holding losses on securities transferred to held to maturity ) ) Less: gains recognized in income ) Less: amortization recognized in income ) ) Net unrealized losses on HTM securities ) ) Cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gains ) Net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges ) Pension Plan: Unrealized net actuarial gain ) Less: amortization of unrecognized loss ) ) Net pension plan liability adjustment ) SERP: Unrealized net actuarial gain ) Less: amortization of unrecognized loss ) ) Net SERP liability adjustment ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 89 

Tae of Contents 
 ) Less: accretable yield recognized in income ) Net unrealized gains on investments with OTTI ) Available for sale securities all other: Unrealized holding losses ) ) Less: gains recognized in income ) Net unrealized losses on all other AFS securities ) ) Held to maturity securities: Less: amortization recognized in income ) ) Net unrealized gains on HTM securities ) Cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gains ) Net unrealized gains on cash flow hedges ) Pension Plan: Unrealized net actuarial gain ) Less: amortization of unrecognized loss ) ) Net pension plan liability adjustment ) SERP: Unrealized net actuarial loss ) ) Less: amortization of unrecognized loss ) ) Net SERP liability adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive income ) 
 90 

Tae of Contents 
 The following tables present the details of accumulated other comprehensive loss components for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Interest income on taxable investment securities Taxes ) Provision for income tax expense Net of tax Net unrealized gains on available for sale investment securities - all other: Gains on sales Net gains Taxes ) Provision for income tax expense Net of tax Net unrealized gains on held to maturity investment securities: Amortization ) Interest income on taxable investment securities Gains recognized Net gain/(losses) Taxes Provision for income tax expense ) Net of tax Net pension plan liability adjustment: Amortization of unrecognized loss ) Other expense Taxes Provision for income tax expense ) Net of tax Net SERP liability adjustment: Amortization of unrecognized loss ) Other expense Taxes Provision for income tax expense ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net of tax 
 91 

Tae of Contents 
 Interest income on taxable investment securities Taxes ) Provision for income tax expense Net of tax Net unrealized losses on available for sale investment securities - all other: Gains on sales Net gains Taxes ) Provision for income tax expense Net of tax Net unrealized gains on held to maturity investment securities: Amortization ) Interest income on taxable investment securities Taxes Provision for income tax expense ) Net of tax Net pension plan liability adjustment: Amortization of unrecognized loss ) Other expense Taxes Provision for income tax expense ) Net of tax Net SERP liability adjustment: Amortization of unrecognized loss ) Other expense Taxes Provision for income tax expense ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net of tax State Deferred tax expense: Federal State Income tax expense for the year 
 92 

Tae of Contents 
 The reconciliation between the statutory federal income tax rate and effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: Tax-exempt income on securities and loans ) ) Tax-exempt BOLI income ) ) State income tax, net of federal tax benefit Tax credits ) ) Other ) Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Corporation s temporary differences as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Deferred fees Deferred compensation Federal and state tax loss carry forwards Unrealized loss on investment securities SERP Lease liability Low income housing Other than temporary impairment on investment securities Derivative contract Other real estate owned Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets less valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill and other intangibles ) ) Lease right-of-use asset ) ) Pension ) ) Depreciation ) ) Derivative contract ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets In assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carry-back or carry-forward period available under the tax law during the periods in which temporary differences are deductible. The Corporation has considered future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and feasible and permissible tax planning strategies in determining whether it will be able to realize the deferred tax asset. If the Corporation were to determine that it will not be able to realize a portion of its net deferred tax asset in the future for which there is currently no valuation allowance, an adjustment to the net deferred tax asset would be charged to earnings in the period such determination was made. Conversely, if the Corporation were to make a determination that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets for which there is a valuation allowance will be realized, the related valuation allowance would be reduced and a benefit would be recorded. 
 93 

Tae of Contents 
 million for which a deferred tax asset of million has been recorded. There has been and continues to be a full valuation allowance on these NOLs based on management s belief that it is more likely than not that these NOLs will not be realized prior to the expiration of their carry-forward periods because the Corporation will not generate sufficient taxable income in the future to fully utilize the NOLs. The valuation allowance was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states jurisdictions. The 2018-2020 tax years remain open under the standard statute of limitations. Also, with few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to state income tax examinations for tax years before 2019. Any interest and penalties on income tax assessments or income tax refunds are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income as a components of interest expense (income) and other operating expense. There were amounts of accrued tax-related interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Furthermore, there were no net interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits for the periods presented. shares of common stock to employees, directors and qualifying consultants pursuant to stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, dividend equivalents, and other stock-based awards. The Corporation complies with the provisions of ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation , in measuring and disclosing stock compensation cost. The measurement objective in ASC Paragraph 718-10-30-6 requires public companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant date fair value of the award. The cost is recognized in expense over the period in which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award (the vesting period). Pursuant to First United Corporation s director compensation policy, each director receives an annual retainer of shares of First United Corporation common stock, plus to be paid, at the director s election, in cash or additional shares of common stock . In January 2021, a total of fully vested shares were issued to new directors, which had a grant date fair market value of per share. In May 2021, a total of fully vested shares of common stock were issued to directors, which had a grant date fair value of per share. In May 2022, a total of fully vested shares of common stock were issued to directors, which had a grant date fair value of per share. Director stock compensation expense was for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, employee stock compensation was . Restricted Stock Units On March 26, 2020, pursuant to the Corporation s Long Term Incentive Plan (the LTIP ), which is a sub-plan of the Equity Plan, the Compensation Committee of First United Corporation s Board of Directors (the Committee granted restricted stock units RSUs to the Corporation s principal executive officer, its principal financial officer, and certain of its other executive officers. An RSU contemplates the issuance of shares of common stock of First United Corporation if and when the RSU vests. The RSUs granted to each of the foregoing officers consist of (i) a performance vesting award for a performance period and (ii) a time-vesting award that will vest ratably over a period. Target performance levels were set based on the annual budget which supports the Corporation s long-term objective of achieving high performance as compared to peers. Threshold performance is the minimum level of acceptable performance as defined by the Committee and maximum performance represented a level potentially achievable under ideal circumstances. Achievement of the threshold performance level would result in each executive participant earning a payout at of his or her respective 
 94 

Tae of Contents 
 of the target opportunity. Actual results for any goal that falls between performance levels would be interpolated to calculate a proportionate award. For the performance period ending December 31, 2021, the RSUs performance goal is based on earnings per share for the year ending December 31, 2021. For the performance period ending December 31, 2022, the RSUs performance goals are based on earnings per share for the year ending December 31, 2022 and growth in tangible book value per share during the performance period. For the performance period ending December 31, 2023, the RSUs performance goals are based on earnings per share for the year ending December 31, 2023 and growth in tangible book value per share during the performance period. For the performance period ending December 31, 2024, the RSUs performance goals are based on earnings per share for the year ending December 31, 2024 and growth in tangible book value per share during the performance period. To receive any shares under an RSU, a grantee must be employed by the Corporation or one of its subsidiaries on the applicable vesting date, except that a grantee whose employment terminates prior to such vesting date due to death, disability or retirement will be entitled to a pro-rated portion of the shares subject to the RSUs, assuming that, in the case of performance-vesting RSUs, the performance goals had been met at their target levels. In the first quarter of 2020, RSUs were granted relating to performance vesting shares (target level) for 2019 LTIP plan for the performance period ending December 31, 2021 and performance vesting shares and time vesting shares (target level) for 2020 LTIP plan for the performance period ending December 31, 2022, which had a grant date fair market value of per share of common stock underlying each RSU. The 2020 plan has a performance period for the performance-vesting RSUs of three years ending December 31, 2022 and the time-vesting RSUs will vest ratably over a three year period that began on March 26, 2021. On March 26, 2021, of the time vesting shares were issued to participants. On March 28, 2022, of the time vesting shares were issued to participants. Stock compensation expense was and for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 related to unvested RSUs was . In May 2021, RSUs relating to performance vesting shares and time vesting shares (target level) for plan year 2021 were granted, which had a grant date fair market value of per share of common stock underlying each RSU. The performance period for the performance-vesting RSUs is the three year period ending December 31, 2023. The time-vesting RSUs will vest ratably over a three year period that began on May 5, 2022. On May 5, 2022, of the time vested shares were issued to participants. Stock compensation expense was and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 related to unvested RSUs was . In March 2022, RSUs relating to performance vesting shares and time vesting shares (target level) for the plan year 2022 were granted, which had a grant date fair market value of per share of common stock underlying each RSU. The performance period for the performance-vesting RSUs is three year period ending December 31, 2024. The time-vesting RSUs will vest ratably over a three year period beginning March 9, 2023. Stock compensation expense was for the year ending December 31, 2022. Unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 related to unvested RSUs was . 
 95 

Tae of Contents 
 of the participant s base salary level for such Plan Year, with the first Plan Year being the year ending December 31, 2015. The Contribution Agreement provides that the participant will become 100 vested in the amount maintained in his or her Employer Account upon the earliest to occur of the following events: (i) Normal Retirement (as defined in the Contribution Agreement); (ii) Separation from Service (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) following a Change of Control (as defined in the Deferred Compensation Plan) and subsequent Triggering Event (as defined in the Contribution Agreement); (iii) Separation from Service due to a Disability (as defined in the Contribution Agreement); (iv) with respect to a particular award of Employer Contribution Credits, the participant s completion of two consecutive Years of Service (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) immediately following the Plan Year for which such award was made; or (v) death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, a participant will lose entitlement to the amount maintained in his or her Employer Account in the event employment is terminated for Cause (as defined in the Contribution Agreement). In addition, the Contribution Agreement conditions entitlement to the amounts held in the Employer Account on the participant (a) refraining from engaging in Competitive Employment (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) for three years following his or her Separation from Service, (b) refraining from injurious disclosure of confidential information concerning the Corporation, and (c) remaining available, at the First United Corporation s reasonable request, to provide at least six hours of transition services per month for 12 months following his or her Separation from Service (except in the case of death or Disability), except that only item (b) will apply in the event of a Separation from Service following a Change of Control and subsequent Triggering Event. In January 2020, the Board of Directors of First United Corporation approved discretionary contributions to participants totaling . The contributions had a vesting period that ended on December 31, 2021. In January 2021, the Board of Directors approved discretionary contributions to participants totaling . The Corporation recorded of related compensation expense for 2022 and 2021 related to these contributions. In January 2022, the Board of Directors approved discretionary contributions to participants totaling . The Corporation recorded of related compensation expense for 2022. Each discretionary contribution has a vesting period. 
 96 

Tae of Contents 
 Service cost Interest cost Change in discount rate and mortality assumptions ) ) Actuarial (gains)/losses ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Obligation at the end of the year Change in Plan Assets Fair value at the beginning of the year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value at the end of the year Funded/(Unfunded) Status ) ) Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) Amortization of recognized loss Amortization of prior service cost ) Net pension (income)/expense in employee benefits ) ) Weighted Average Assumptions used to determine benefit obligations: Discount rate for benefit obligations Discount rate for net pension cost Expected long-term return on assets Rate of compensation increase The accumulated benefit obligation for the Pension Plan was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the Defined Benefit SERP was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The investment assets of a defined benefit plan are managed with the goal of providing for retiree distributions while also supporting long-term plan obligations with a moderate level of portfolio risk. To address the variability over time of both risk and return, the plan investment strategy entails a dynamic approach to asset allocation, providing for normalized targets for major asset classes, with the ability to tactically adjust within the following specified ranges around those targets. - Fixed Income - Equities - 
 97 

Tae of Contents 
 Decisions regarding tactical adjustments within the above noted ranges for asset classes are based on a top down review of factors expected to have material impact on the risk and reward dynamics of the portfolio as a whole. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: Anticipated domestic and international economic growth as a whole; The position of the economy within its longer term economic cycle; and The expected impact of economic vitality, cycle positioning, financial market risks, industry/demographic trends and political forces on the various market sectors and investment styles. 
 With respect to individual company securities, additional company specific matters are considered, which could include management track record and guidance, future earnings expectations, current relative price expectations and the impact of identified risks on expected performance, among others. A core equity position of large cap stocks will be maintained, with more aggressive or volatile sectors meaningfully represented in the asset mix in pursuit of higher returns. Strategic and specific investment decisions are guided by an in-house investment committee as well as a number of outside institutional resources that provide economic, industry and company data and analytics. It is management s intent to give the Pension Plan s investment managers flexibility with respect to investment decisions and their timing within the overall guidelines. However, certain investments require specific review and approval by management. Management is also informed of anticipated changes in nonproprietary investment managers, significant modifications of any previously approved investment, or the anticipated use of derivatives to execute investment strategies. Portfolio risk is managed in large part by a focus on diversification across multiple levels as well as an emphasis on financial strength. For example, current investment policies restrict initial investments in debt securities to be rated investment grade at the time of purchase. Also, with the exception of the highest rated securities (e.g., U.S. Treasury or government-backed agency securities), no more than 10 of the portfolio may be invested in a single entity s securities. As a result of the previously noted approaches to controlling portfolio risk, any concentrations of risk would be associated with general systemic risks faced by industry sectors or the portfolio as a whole. Assets in the Pension Plan are valued by the Corporation s accounting system provider who utilizes a third-party pricing service. Valuation data is based on actual market data for stocks and mutual funds (Level 1) and matrix pricing for bonds (Level 2). Cash and cash equivalents are also considered Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the value of Pension Plan investments was as follows: Fixed income securities: U.S. Government and Agencies Taxable municipal bonds and notes Corporate bonds and notes Preferred stock Fixed income mutual funds Total fixed income Equities: Large Cap Mid Cap Small Cap International Total equities Total market value Note: The Large cap equities includes shares of First United Corporation common stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 98 

Tae of Contents 
 Fixed income securities: U.S. Government and Agencies Taxable municipal bonds and notes Corporate bonds and notes Preferred stock Fixed income mutual funds Total fixed income Equities: Large Cap Mid Cap Small Cap International Total equities Total market value As of December 31, 2022, the average return on pension portfolio assets was , exceeding the expected long-term return of utilized for 2022. Considering that future equity returns are partially a function of current starting valuations and the general level of interest rates, return expectations by market analysts have risen due to the large equity pullback and interest rates rising to multiyear highs. With equity valuations near historical averages and the monetary policy normalization process likely being near conclusion, it is considered appropriate to maintain the expected long-term rate of return of for 2023. Estimated cash flows related to expected future benefit payments from the Pension Plan and Defined Benefit SERP are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 First United Corporation made contributions to the Pension Plan in 2022 or 2021. First United Corporation will continue to evaluate future annual contributions to the Pension Plan based upon its funded status and an evaluation of the future benefits to be provided thereunder. The Bank expects to fund the annual projected benefit payments for the Defined Benefit SERP from operations. The estimated costs that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic pension cost during the next fiscal year are as follows: ) ) 
 99 

Tae of Contents 
 on the first 1 of salary reduction and on the next 5 of salary reduction. This match is accrued for all participants, including executive officers, immediately upon entering the plan on the first day of the month following the completion of 30 days of employment. Additionally, First United Corporation accrued a non-elective employer contribution during 2022 for all employees other than employees who participate in the Defined Benefit SERP and Defined Contribution SERP and those employees meeting the age plus service requirement in the Pension Plan equal to of each employee s salary, and of each employee s salary hired before January 1, 2010, which will be paid in the first quarter of 2023. The employee must be a plan participant and be actively employed on the last day of the plan year to share in the discretionary profit sharing contribution, except in the case of death, disability, or retirement of the participant. Expense charged to operations for the 401(k) Plan was million in 2022 and million in 2021. . This action eliminated reserve requirements for all depository institutions. Residential Mortgage - construction Commercial Consumer - personal credit lines Standby letters of credit Total 
 100 

Tae of Contents 
 We do not issue any guarantees that would require liability recognition or disclosure other than the standby letters of credit issued by the Bank. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party to support contractual obligations and to ensure job performance. Generally, the Bank s letters of credit are issued with expiration dates within . Historically, most letters of credit expire unfunded, and therefore, cash requirements are substantially less than the total commitment. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Bank generally holds collateral and/or personal guarantees supporting letters of credit. 
 101 

Tae of Contents 
 
 102 

Tae of Contents 
 Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Corporate bonds Collateralized debt obligations Financial derivative Non-recurring: Impaired loans Equity investments Other real estate owned Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using (In Thousands) Assets Liabilities Measured at Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs Description 12/31/21 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Recurring: Investment securities available-for-sale: U.S. government agencies Residential mortgage-backed agencies Commercial mortgage-backed agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Collateralized debt obligations Financial derivative ) ) Non-recurring: Impaired loans Equity investment Other real estate owned There were transfers of assets between any of the levels of the fair value hierarchy for the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 103 

Tae of Contents 
 Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Range of low to mid and low to high Non-recurring: Impaired Loans Market Comparable Properties Marketability Discount to Equity Investments Market Method Revenue Multiples x Other Real Estate Owned Market Comparable Properties Marketability Discount 

(in thousands) Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Significant Unobservable Input Value Recurring: Investment Securities available for sale - CDO Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate Libor+ Non-recurring: Impaired Loans Market Comparable Properties Marketability Discount to (1) (weighted avg Equity Investment Market Method Revenue Multiples x Other Real Estate Owned Market Comparable Properties Marketability Discount (1) Range would include discounts taken since appraisal and estimated values 
 
 104 

Tae of Contents 
 The following tables show a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for fair valued assets measured using Level 3 significant unobservable inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Total gains/(losses) realized/unrealized: Included in other comprehensive income ) Ending balance December 31, 2022 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (In Thousands) Investment Securities Available for Sale Beginning balance January 1, 2021 Total gains/(losses) realized/unrealized: Included in other comprehensive loss Ending balance December 31, 2021 Gains and losses (realized and unrealized) included in earnings for the periods above are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Income in other operating income. The fair values disclosed may vary significantly between institutions based on the estimates and assumptions used in the various valuation methodologies. The derived fair values are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and significant judgment. Therefore, they cannot be determined with precision. Changes in the assumptions could significantly impact the derived estimates of fair value. Disclosure of non-financial assets such as buildings as well as certain financial instruments such as leases is not required. Accordingly, the aggregate fair values presented do not represent the underlying value of the Corporation. 
 105 

Tae of Contents 
 Interest bearing deposits in banks Investment securities - AFS Investment securities - HTM Restricted bank stock N/A Loans, net Financial derivative Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Deposits non-maturity Deposits time deposits Short-term borrowed funds Long-term borrowed funds Accrued interest payable Off balance sheet financial instruments 

December 31, 2021 Fair Value Measurements Carrying Fair Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs (In thousands) Amount Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Financial Assets: Cash and due from banks Interest bearing deposits in banks Investment securities - AFS Investment securities - HTM Restricted bank stock N/A Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Deposits non-maturity Deposits time deposits Financial derivative Short-term borrowed funds Long-term borrowed funds Accrued interest payable Off balance sheet financial instruments 
 106 

Tae of Contents 
 interest rate swap contracts totaling million notional amount, hedging future cash flows associated with floating rate trust preferred debt. As of December 31, 2022, million notional amount remains. The fair value of the interest rate swap contracts was million and ) million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation recorded an increase in the value of the derivatives of million and the related deferred tax of million in net accumulated other comprehensive loss to reflect the effective portion of cash flow hedges. ASC Subtopic 815-30 requires the net accumulated other comprehensive loss to be reclassified to earnings if the hedge becomes ineffective or is terminated. There was no hedge ineffectiveness recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Corporation does not expect any material losses relating to these hedges to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. The table below discloses the impact of derivative financial instruments on the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Derivative in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships December 31, 2021 

 Notes : (1) (2) 
 107 

Tae of Contents 
 Other service charges Trust department Debit card income Brokerage commissions Noninterest income (in-scope of Topic 606) Noninterest income (out-of-scope of Topic 606) Total Noninterest Income 
 108 

Tae of Contents 
 Investment securities- Available for Sale (at fair value) Investment in bank subsidiary Investment in non-bank subsidiaries Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Accrued interest and other liabilities Dividends payable Junior subordinated debt Shareholders equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Condensed Statements of Income Interest income on investments Other income Total other income Total Income Expenses: Interest expense Other expenses Total Expenses Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Applicable income tax benefit Net income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries: Bank Net Income Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income Unrealized losses on AFS Securities, net of tax ) ) Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net of tax Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 109 

Tae of Contents 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) Increase/(decrease) in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) Stock compensation Net cash provided by operating activities Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) Cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gains ) Other comprehensive income ) For the year ended December 31, 2021 Available for Sale Securities: Unrealized holding losses ) ) Cash flow hedges: Unrealized holding gains ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 110 

Tae of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES The Corporation maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Corporation s reports filed under the Exchange Act with the SEC, such as this annual report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in those rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Corporation s management, including the principal executive officer PEO and the principal financial officer PFO ), as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. An evaluation of the effectiveness of these disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation s management, including the PEO and the PFO. Based on that evaluation, the Corporation s management, including the PEO and the PFO, has concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures are, in fact, effective at the reasonable assurance level. As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management has performed an evaluation and testing of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management s report on the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is included on the following page. 
 111 

Tae of Contents 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Board of Directors and Shareholders First United Corporation First United Corporation s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. This internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and the Board of Directors as to the reliability of First United Corporation s financial reporting and the preparation and presentation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, as well as to safeguard assets from unauthorized use or disposition. An internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation and may not prevent or detect misstatements in the financial statements or the unauthorized use or disposition of First United Corporation s assets. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal controls to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of First United Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control--Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment and on the foregoing criteria, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, First United Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 /s/ Carissa L. Rodeheaver /s/ Tonya K. Sturm Carissa L. Rodeheaver, CPA Tonya K. Sturm Chairman of the Board, President Senior Vice President and And Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) 
 112 

Tae of Contents 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION Not Applicable PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Corporation has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics applicable to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available free of charge upon request to Mr. Jason B. Rush, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, First United Corporation, c/o First United Bank Trust, 19 S. Second Street, Oakland, MD 21550. This Code of Ethics is also available on the Investor Relations page of the Corporation s website at https://s25.q4cdn.com/317318878/files/doc_downloads/2022/01/Senior-Financial-Officer-Code-of-Business-Conduct-and-Ethics.pdf All other information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the following sections of the Corporation s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A (the 2023 Proxy Statement ): Election of Directors (Proposal 1); Continuing Directors; Qualifications of Director Nominees and Current Directors; Executive Officers; Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports; and Corporate Governance and Related Matters (under Committees of the Board - Audit Committee). ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement entitled Director Compensation and Executive Compensation (excluding the information under the subheading Pay Versus Performance ). ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Equity Compensation Plan Information At the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the Corporation s shareholders approved the First United Corporation 2018 Equity Compensation Plan (the Equity Plan ), which authorizes the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, dividend equivalents, and other stock-based awards. Subject to the anti-dilution provisions of the Equity Plan, the maximum number of shares for which awards may be granted to any one participant in 
 113 

Tae of Contents 
 any calendar year is 20,000 shares, without regard to whether an award is paid in cash or shares. The following table contains information as of December 31, 2022 regarding securities that are authorized for issuance under the Equity Plan: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 38,445 (1) N/A 184,418 (2) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A Total 38,445 N/A 184,418 Notes: (1) As of December 31, 2022, no options, warrants, or rights have been granted under the Equity Plan. Unexercised equity awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 consist of time vesting and performance vesting restricted stock units RSUs ). The amounts shown in column (a) (2) performance vesting RSUs and assume that such RSUs will vest based on the achievement of the maximum performance levels applicable thereto. The amounts shown in column (a) would be 12,810 or 25,628 if only the RSUs threshold performance levels or target performance levels, respectively, were to be achieved. (3) The amounts shown in column (c) take into account 10,395 shares subject to time vesting RSUs that have been granted but have not yet vested. All other information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section of the 2022 Proxy Statement entitled Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock by Principal Shareholders and Management . ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement entitled Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance and Related Matters Director Independence ). ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section of the 2023 Proxy Statement entitled Audit Fees and Services . 
 114 

Tae of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1), (2) and (c) Financial Statements. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (a)(3) and (b) Exhibits. The exhibits filed or furnished with this annual report are listed in the following Exhibit Index. 
 115 

Tae of Contents 

Exhibit Description 3.1(i) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to First United Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 1998) 3.1(ii) Articles of Amendment to Articles of Amendment and Restatement of First United Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2021 3.2 First United Corporation Bylaws as Amended and Restated on November 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2021.) 4.1 Certificate of Notice, including the Certificate of Designations incorporated therein, relating to the Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (incorporated by reference Exhibit 4.1 to First United Corporation s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2009) 4.2 Sample Stock Certificate for Series A Preferred Stock for the Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference Exhibit 4.3 to First United Corporation s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2009) 10.1 First United Bank Trust Amended and Restated Defined Benefit Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2019) 10.2 Form of Amended and Restated Participation Agreement under the Defined Benefit Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2019) 10.3 Form of Endorsement Split Dollar Agreement between the Bank and each of William B. Grant, Robert W. Kurtz, Jeannette R. Fitzwater, Phillip D. Frantz, Eugene D. Helbig, Jr., Steven M. Lantz, Robin M. Murray, Carissa L. Rodeheaver, and Frederick A. Thayer, IV (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to First United Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2003) 10.4 Amended and Restated First United Corporation Executive and Director Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2008) 10.5 Form of Amended and Restated First United Corporation Defined Contribution SERP Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to First United Corporation s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019) 10.6 Amended and Restated First United Corporation Change in Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2008) 10.7 Amended and Restated Agreement Under the First United Corporation Change in Control Severance Plan, dated as of January 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2021) 10.8 First United Corporation 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 21, 2019) 10.9 10.10 First United Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2020) Appendix A to the First United Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2022) 10.11 10.12 First United Corporation Short-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2020) Appendix A to the First United Corporation Short-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2022) 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2020, Film No. 20747391) 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Vesting) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2020, Film No. 20747391) 10.15 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2021, by and between First United Corporation and Driver Opportunity Partners I LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2021) 10.16 Cooperation and Settlement Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2021, by and between First United Corporation, Driver Opportunity Partners I LP and other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to First United Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2021) 21 Subsidiaries (filed herewith) 
 116 

Tae of Contents 
 23.1 Consent of Crowe LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith) 31.1 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (filed herewith) 31.2 Certifications of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (filed herewith) 32.1 Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (furnished herewith) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (filed herewith) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (filed herewith) 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (filed herewith) 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (filed herewith) 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (filed herewith) 104 The cover page of First United Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted in Inline XBRL, included within the Exhibit 101 attachments (filed herewith). 

 Portions of Exhibit 10.12, identified in brackets, were excluded because they were immaterial and would have likely caused competitive harm to the Corporation if publicly disclosed. Such information will be disclosed in Executive Compensation section of the 2023 Proxy Statement. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None 
 117 

Tae of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FIRST UNITED CORPORATION Date: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Carissa L. Rodeheaver Carissa L. Rodeheaver, CPA Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Tonya K. Sturm Tonya K. Sturm, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 118 

Tae of Contents 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

/s/ John F. Barr /s/ Brian R. Boal John F. Barr Director Brian R. Boal - Director March 24, 2023 March 24, 2023 /s/ Sanu Chadha /s/ Christy DiPietro Sanu Chadha - Director Christy DiPietro Director March 24, 2023 March 24, 2023 /s/ John W. McCullough /s/ Patricia Milon John W. McCullough - Director Patricia Milon Director March 24, 2023 March 24, 2023 /s/ Beth E. Moran /s/ Carissa L. Rodeheaver Beth E. Moran Director Carissa L. Rodeheaver Director, President March 24, 2023 and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2023 /s/ I. Robert Rudy /s/ Marisa A. Shockley I. Robert Rudy - Director Marisa A. Shockley - Director March 24, 2023 March 24, 2023 /s/ H. Andrew Walls, III /s/ Tonya K. Sturm H. Andrew Walls, III - Director Tonya K. Sturm Senior Vice President and March 24, 2023 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 24, 2023 
 119 

<EX-21>
 2
 func-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 Direct Subsidiary of First United Corporation First United Bank Trust, a Maryland corporation (the Bank First United Statutory Trust I, a Connecticut statutory business trust First United Statutory Trust II, a Connecticut statutory business trust First United Legacy Advisors, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company Direct Subsidiary of the Bank OakFirst Loan Center, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company OakFirst Loan Center, Inc., a West Virginia corporation Liberty Mews Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership MCC FUBT Fund, LLC an Ohio limited liability company First OREO Trust, a Maryland statutory trust FUBT OREO I, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 func-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-225133 on Form S-8 and 333-180514 on Form S-3 of First United Corporation of our report dated March 24, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. /s/ Crowe LLP Washington, D.C. March 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 func-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-1 and 15d-14 As adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Carissa L. Rodeheaver, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First United Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Carissa L. Rodeheaver Carissa L. Rodeheaver, CPA Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 func-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certifications of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-1 and 15d-14 As adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Tonya K. Sturm, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First United Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Tonya K. Sturm Tonya K. Sturm, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 func-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Periodic Report Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Pursuant to, and for purposes only of, 18 U.S.C. 1350, each of the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) the Annual Report of First United Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of First United Corporation. 

Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Carissa L. Rodeheaver Carissa L. Rodeheaver, CPA Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Tonya K. Sturm Tonya K. Sturm, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 func-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 func-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 func-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 func-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

