<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_750558_0001564590-23-003539.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>41891426</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>322884</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3456348</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18640495</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3980697</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>14578443</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-003539.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314132545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-003539
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		138
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QNB CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000750558
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				232318082
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17706
		FILM NUMBER:		23730068

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 NORTH THIRD STREET
		CITY:			QUAKERTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18951-9005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2155385600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 9005
		CITY:			QUAKERTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18951

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-003539.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 qnbc-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

qnbc-10k_20221231.htm

anu 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the transition period from _______________ to _______________. 

 Commission file number 

Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Title of class 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-l(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of February 28, 2023, shares of common stock of the registrant were outstanding. As of June 30, 2022 the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates was approximately based upon the average bid and asked prices of the common stock as reported on the OTC BB. 
 
 - 1 - 

- 2 - 

FORM 10-K INDEX 

PART I 

PAGE 

Item 1 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 

Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 14 

Item 2 
 
 Properties 
 
 15 

Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 15 

Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 15 

PART II 

Item 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 16 

Item 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 18 

Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 47 

Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 49 

Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 97 

Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 97 

Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 
 97 

PART III 

Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 98 

Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 98 

Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 98 

Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 99 

Item 14 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 99 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 100 

- 3 - 

PART I 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 In addition to historical information, this document contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, project and variations of such words and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could, may or similar expressions. The U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor in regard to the inclusion of forward-looking statements in this document and documents incorporated by reference. 
 Shareholders should note that many factors, some of which are discussed elsewhere in this document and in the documents that are incorporated by reference, could affect the future financial results of QNB Corp. and its subsidiary and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this document. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Volatility in interest rates and shape of the yield curve 

Credit risk 

Liquidity risk 

Operating, legal and regulatory risks 

Economic, political and competitive forces affecting QNB Corp. s business 

The effects of unforeseen external events, including acts of terrorism, acts of war or other events involving armed conflict in other countries, natural disasters, and pandemics, including the COVID-19 Pandemic and 

The risk that the analysis of these risks and forces could be incorrect, and/or that the strategies developed to address them could be unsuccessful. 

 QNB Corp. (herein referred to as QNB or the Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, all of which change over time, and QNB assumes no duty to update forward-looking statements. Management cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. These statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, even if subsequently made available by QNB on its website or otherwise, and they advise readers that various factors, including those described above, could affect QNB s financial performance and could cause actual results or circumstances for future periods to differ materially from those anticipated or projected. Except as required by law, QNB does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 QNB was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on June 4, 1984. QNB is registered with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and conducts its business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, QNB Bank (the Bank ). 
 Prior to December 28, 2007, the Bank was a national banking association organized in 1877 as The Quakertown National Bank, was chartered under the National Banking Act and was subject to Federal and state laws applicable to national banks. Effective December 28, 2007, the Bank became a Pennsylvania chartered commercial bank and changed its name to QNB Bank. The Bank, whose principal office is located in Quakertown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, operated twelve full-service community banking offices in Bucks, Montgomery and Lehigh counties in southeastern Pennsylvania as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Bank is engaged in the general commercial banking business and provides a full range of banking services to its customers. These banking services consist of, among other things, attracting deposits and using these funds in making commercial loans, residential mortgage loans, consumer loans, and purchasing investment securities. These deposits are in the form of time, demand and savings accounts. Time deposits include certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts. The Bank s demand and savings accounts include money market accounts, interest-bearing demand accounts (including a higher yielding checking account), club accounts, traditional statement savings accounts, and a higher yielding online savings account. 
 - 4 - 
 
 At December 31, 20 2 2 , QNB had total assets of 1, 668 , 497 ,000, total loans receivable of 1,039 , 385 ,000, total deposits of 1 , 418 , 369 ,0 00 and total shareholders equity of 70 , 958 ,000. For the year ended December 31, 20 2 2 , QNB reported net income of 15 , 921 ,000 compared to net income for the year ended December 31, 20 2 1 of 16,492,000 and December 31, 2020 of 12,083,000 . 
 At February 16, 2023, the Bank had 190 full-time employees and eight part-time employees. The Bank s employees have a customer-oriented philosophy emphasizing personal service and flexible solutions which together make achieving our customers goals possible. They maintain close contact with both the residents and local business people in the communities in which they serve, responding to changes in market conditions and customer requests in a timely manner. 
 Competition and Market Area 
 The banking business is highly competitive, and the profitability of QNB depends principally upon the Bank s ability to compete in its market area. QNB faces intense competition within its market, both in making loans and attracting deposits. Bucks, Lehigh, and Montgomery counties have a high concentration of financial institutions, including large national and regional banks, community banks, savings institutions and credit unions. Some of QNB s competitors offer products and services that QNB currently does not offer, such as traditional trust services and full-service insurance. 
 In addition, as a result of consolidation in the banking industry, some of QNB s competitors may enjoy advantages such as greater financial resources, a wider geographic presence, more favorable pricing alternatives and lower origination and operating costs. However, QNB has been able to compete effectively with other financial institutions by emphasizing the establishment of long-term relationships and customer loyalty. A strong focus on small-business solutions, providing fast local decision-making on loans, exceptional personal customer service and technology solutions, including internet- and mobile-banking, electronic bill pay and remote deposit capture, also enable QNB to compete successfully. 
 Competition for loans and deposits comes principally from commercial banks, savings institutions, credit unions and non-bank financial service providers. Factors in successfully competing for deposits include providing excellent customer service, convenient locations and hours of operation, attractive rates, low fees, and alternative delivery systems. One such delivery system is remote deposit capture for those commercial customers that are not conveniently located near one of our branches, or mobile banking for retail customers. Successful loan origination tends to depend not only on interest rate and terms of the loan but also on being responsive and flexible to the customers needs. While many competitors within the Bank s primary market have substantially higher legal lending limits, QNB often has the ability, through loan participations, to meet the larger lending needs of its customers. 
 QNB s success is dependent to a significant degree on economic conditions in southeastern Pennsylvania, especially Bucks, Lehigh and Montgomery counties, which it defines as its primary market. The banking industry is affected by general economic conditions, including the effects of recession, unemployment, declining real estate values, inflation, changes interest rates, trends in the national and global economies, and other factors beyond QNB s control. 
 Monetary Policy and Economic Conditions 
 The business of financial institutions is affected not only by general economic conditions, but also by the policies of various governmental regulatory agencies, including the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve (the Federal Reserve ). The Federal Reserve regulates money, credit conditions and interest rates to influence general economic conditions primarily through open market operations in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on bank borrowings and changes in the reserve requirements against depository institutions deposits. These policies and regulations significantly affect the overall growth and distribution of loans, investments and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and the interest rates paid on deposits. 
 The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to continue to have significant effects in the future. In view of the changing conditions in the economy and the financial markets in addition to the activities of monetary and fiscal authorities, the prediction of future changes in interest rates, credit availability or deposit levels is very challenging. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 Banks and bank holding companies operate in a highly-regulated environment and are regularly examined by Federal and state regulatory authorities. Federal statutes that apply to QNB and its subsidiary include the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 BHCA ), the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA ), as those statutes have been significantly amended by recent laws such as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA ), and others. In general, these statutes regulate the corporate governance of the Bank and eligible business activities of QNB and impose certain restrictions and limitations on such important matters as mergers and acquisitions, intercompany transactions, loans and dividends, and capital adequacy, among others. Other corporate governance requirements are imposed on QNB by Federal securities and other laws, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, described later. 
 - 5 - 
 
 The Company is under the jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission and of state securities commissions for matters relating to the offering and sale of its securities. In addition, the Company is subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and regulations relating to periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and insider trading. 
 Set forth below is a brief summary of some of the significant regulatory concepts and laws that affect QNB and the Bank. To the extent that the following information describes statutory or regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by references to the particular statutory or regulatory provisions themselves. Proposals to change banking laws and regulations are frequently introduced in Congress, the state legislatures, and before the various bank regulatory agencies. QNB cannot determine the likelihood of passage or timing of any such proposals or legislation or the impact they may have on QNB and its subsidiary. A change in law, regulations or regulatory policy may have a material effect on QNB and its subsidiary. 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 QNB is registered as a bank holding company and is subject to the regulations of the Federal Reserve under the BHCA. In addition, QNB Corp., as a Pennsylvania business corporation, is subject to the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988 (the BCL ), as amended, and to certain provisions of the Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965, as amended (the Banking Code ). 
 Bank holding companies are required to file periodic reports with, and are subject to examination by, the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve s regulations require a bank holding company to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks. As a result, the Federal Reserve, pursuant to its source of strength regulations, may require QNB to commit its resources to provide adequate capital funds to the Bank during periods of financial distress or adversity. 
 Federal Reserve approval may be required before QNB may begin to engage in any non-banking activity and before any non-banking business may be acquired by QNB. 
 Regulatory Restrictions on Dividends 
 Dividend payments made by the Bank to the Company are subject to the Pennsylvania Banking Code, the FDIA, and the regulations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). Under the Banking Code, no dividends may be paid except from accumulated net earnings (generally retained earnings). The Federal Reserve and the FDIC have formal and informal policies which provide that insured banks and bank holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings, with some exceptions. Under the FDIA, the Bank is prohibited from paying any dividends, making other distributions or paying any management fees if, after such payment, it would fail to satisfy its minimum capital requirements. See also Supervision and Regulation Bank Regulation . 
 In addition to the dividend restrictions described above, the banking regulators have the authority to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the Bank if, in the banking regulator s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the Bank. 
 Under Pennsylvania law, QNB may not pay a dividend, if, after giving effect thereto, it would be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business and, after giving effect to the dividend, the total assets of QNB would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if QNB were to be dissolved at the time of distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose rights are superior to those receiving the dividend. 
 It is also the policy of the Federal Reserve that a bank holding company generally only pay dividends out of net income over the past year and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with a bank holding company s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. In the current financial and economic environment, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged dividend pay-out ratios at the 100 level unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. A bank holding company also should not maintain a dividend level that places undue pressure on the capital of such institution s subsidiaries, or that may undermine the bank holding company s ability to serve as a source of strength for such subsidiaries. 
 The minimum capital requirements implemented by Basel III, and described below under Capital Adequacy, also introduced a capital conservation buffer, comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital, above a banking institution s minimum risk-based capital requirements in an amount greater than 2.5 of total risk-weighted assets in order to avoid limitations on certain distributions, including dividend payments. Under the restrictions applicable to the Bank, to remain well capitalized, the Bank had approximately 30,162,000 available for payment of dividends to the Company at December 31, 2022. 
 - 6 - 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 In July 2013, the Federal bank regulatory agencies adopted revisions to the agencies capital adequacy guidelines and prompt corrective action rules, which were designed to enhance such requirements and implement the revised standards of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, commonly referred to as Basel III. The rules generally implemented higher minimum capital requirements, added a new common equity Tier 1 capital requirement, and established criteria that instruments must meet to be considered common equity Tier 1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital. Tier 1 capital consists principally of common shareholders equity, plus retained earnings, less certain intangible assets. Tier 2 capital includes the allowance for loan and lease losses (up to 1.25 percent of risk-weighted assets), qualifying preferred stock, subordinated debt, and qualifying Tier 2 minority interests. The current minimum capital requirements are a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , and a total capital ratio of 8.0 . In addition, in order to avoid limitations on certain capital distributions (including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers), as of January 1, 2019, a banking organization must hold a capital conservation buffer comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements in an amount greater than 2.5 of total risk-weighted assets. At December 31, 2022, QNB s Tier 1 capital, total capital (Tier 1 and Tier 2 combined) and common equity Tier 1 equity ratios were 12.33 , 13.19 , and 12.33 , respectively. 
 In addition to the risk-based capital guidelines, the Federal Reserve requires a bank holding company to maintain a minimum leverage ratio. This requires a minimum level of Tier 1 capital (as determined under the risk-based capital rules) to average total consolidated assets of 4 for those bank holding companies that have the highest regulatory examination ratings and are not contemplating or experiencing significant growth or expansion. The Federal Reserve expects all other bank holding companies to maintain a ratio of at least 1 to 2 above the stated minimum. At December 31, 2022, QNB s leverage ratio was 8.75 . 
 During 2018, the FRB raised the threshold of its "Small Bank Holding Company" exemption to the application of consolidated capital requirements for qualifying small bank holding companies from 1 billion to 3 billion of consolidated assets. Consequently, qualifying bank holding companies having less than 3 billion of consolidated assets are not subject to the consolidated capital requirements unless otherwise directed by the FRB. 
 Under the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act enacted in May 2018, federal banking agencies adopted the community bank leverage ratio CBLR framework available to depository institutions having less than 10 billion in total assets and meeting certain other qualifying criteria. The CBLR rules provide that qualifying community banking organizations that adopt the CBLR framework and that maintain a CBLR in excess of 9 will be considered to have met the generally applicable leverage and risk-based capital requirements under the banking agencies capital rules and the capital ratio requirements necessary to be considered well capitalized. QNB has not elected to use the CBLR framework at this time. 
 Pursuant to the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA, the Federal banking agencies have specified, by regulation, the levels at which an insured institution is considered well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized. Under these regulations, an institution is considered well capitalized if it satisfies each of the following requirements: 

Total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or more. 

Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or more. 

Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5 or more. 

Leverage ratio of 5 or more, and 

Not subject to any order or written directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level 

 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank qualified as well capitalized under these regulatory standards. See Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information. 
 Bank Regulation 
 As a Pennsylvania-chartered insured commercial bank, the Bank is subject to extensive regulation and examination by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities (the Department and by the FDIC, which insures its deposits to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
 The Federal and state laws and regulations applicable to banks regulate, among other things, the scope of their business, their investments, the reserves required to be kept against deposits, the timing of the availability of deposited funds, the nature and amount of collateral for certain loans, the activities of a bank with respect to mergers and consolidations, and the establishment of branches. The laws and regulations governing the Bank generally have been promulgated to protect depositors and not for the purpose of 
 - 7 - 
 
 protecting QNB s shareholders. This regulatory structure also gives the Federal and state banking agencies extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Any change in such regulation, whether by the Department, the FDIC or the United States Congress, could have a material impact on the Company, the Bank and their operations. 
 As a subsidiary bank of a bank holding company, the Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on extensions of credit to QNB, on investments in the stock or other securities of QNB, and on taking such stock or securities as collateral for loans. 
 FDIC Insurance Assessments 
 The Bank s deposits are insured to the applicable limits as determined by the FDIC, which is currently 250,000 per depositor. Under the FDIC's risk-based assessment system, deposit insurance assessments are based on each insured institution's total assets less tangible equity, thereby basing deposit insurance assessments on an institution s total liabilities, not only insured deposits. Small banks (generally, those with less than 10 billion in assets) are assigned an individual rate based on a formula using financial data and CAMELS (capital adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity) ratings. A bank s assessment is calculated by multiplying its individual assessment rate by its assessment base (average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity), determined quarterly. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Bank recorded 768,000, 793,000, and 569,000, respectively, in FDIC deposit insurance premium expense. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System 
 The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh FHLB ), which is one of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. Each Federal Home Loan Bank serves as a reserve or central bank for members within its assigned region. It is funded primarily from funds deposited by member institutions and proceeds from the sale of consolidated obligations of the Federal Home Loan Bank System. It makes loans to members (i.e. advances) in accordance with policies and procedures established by the board of directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank. At December 31, 2022 the Bank had 92,018,000 in overnight FHLB advances outstanding and 10,000,000 in long-term debt. 
 The Bank is required to purchase and maintain stock in the FHLB as a condition of membership in an amount equal to 0.10 of its assets. In addition, each member is required to purchase and maintain activity-based stock of 4 of outstanding advances from the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 5,181,000 in stock of the FHLB. 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 Under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA as amended, the FDIC is required to assess all financial institutions that it regulates to determine whether these institutions are meeting the credit needs of the communities that they serve. The CRA focuses specifically on low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. 
 An institution s record is considered during the evaluation of any application made by such institutions for, among other things: 

Approval of a branch or other deposit facility 

An office relocation or a merger and 

Any acquisition of bank shares. 

 The CRA also requires that the regulatory agency make publicly available the evaluation of the Bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. This evaluation includes a descriptive rating of either outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve, or substantial noncompliance, and a statement describing the basis for the rating. The Bank s most recent CRA rating was Satisfactory . 
 - 8 - 
 
 USA Patriot Act 
 The USA Patriot Act strengthens the anti-money laundering provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act. The Act requires financial institutions to establish certain procedures to be able to identify and verify the identity of its customers. Specifically, the Bank must have procedures in place to: 

Verify the identity of persons applying to open an account 

Ensure adequate maintenance of the records used to verify a person s identity and 

Determine whether a person is on any U.S. government agency list of known or suspected terrorists or a terrorist organization. 

 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act is intended to bolster public confidence in the nation s capital markets by imposing new duties and penalties for non-compliance on public companies and their executives, directors, auditors, attorneys and securities analysts. Some of the more significant aspects of the Act as it relates to QNB include: 

Corporate Responsibility for Financial Reports - requires Chief Executive Officers CEOs and Chief Financial Officers CFOs to certify certain matters relating to a company s financial records and accounting and internal controls. 

Management Assessment of Internal Controls - requires auditors to certify the company s underlying controls and processes that are used to compile the financial results for companies that are accelerated filers. 

Real-time Issuer Disclosures - requires that companies provide real-time disclosures of any events that may affect the company s stock price or financial performance, generally within a 48-hour period. 

Criminal Penalties for Altering Documents - provides severe penalties for whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates any record or document with intent to impede an investigation. Penalties include monetary fines and prison time. 

 The Act also imposes requirements for corporate governance, auditor independence, accounting standards, audit committee member independence and increased authority, executive compensation, insider loans and whistleblower protection. As a result of the Act, QNB adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to its CEO, CFO and Controller, which meets the requirements of the Act, to supplement its long-standing Code of Ethics, which applies to all directors and employees. 
 QNB s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can be found on the Bank s website at QNBBank.com. 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted on July 21, 2010. This law made significant changes to the bank regulatory structure and affects the lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating activities of financial institutions and their holding companies. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB with broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions, including the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over all banks and savings institutions with more than 10 billion in assets. Banks and savings institutions with 10 billion or less in assets such as the Bank will continue to be examined for compliance with the consumer laws by their primary bank regulators. The Dodd-Frank Act also weakened the Federal preemption rules that had been applicable for national banks and Federal savings associations and gave state attorneys general the ability to enforce Federal consumer protection laws. 
 Many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act do not apply to the Bank, as it does not engage in many of the specific activities sought to be regulated by the Dodd-Frank Act. Many of the provisions, however, such as increased capital requirements and changes to FDIC insurance premiums already implemented, affected all banking entities. In addition, the financial crisis of 2008 and the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act in response to that crisis has resulted in an era of increased regulatory oversight over all financial entities. The ultimate changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to certain of our business practices, impose upon us more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio requirements or otherwise adversely affect our business. These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes in order to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. 
 
 - 9 - 

Possible Future Legislation 
 Congress is often considering some financial industry legislation, and the Federal banking agencies routinely propose new regulations. The Company cannot predict the future effect any new legislation, or new rules adopted by Federal or state banking agencies, will have on the business of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company expects that there will be legislative and regulatory actions that may materially affect the banking industry in the foreseeable future. 
 Additional Information 
 QNB s principal executive offices are located at 320 West Broad Street, Quakertown, Pennsylvania. Its telephone number is (215) 538-5600. 
 QNB also makes its periodic and current reports available, including this annual report for Form 10-K, free of charge, on its website, QNBBank.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the SEC. Information available on the website is not a part of, and should not be incorporated into, this annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants, including QNB, that file electronically with the SEC which can be accessed at SEC.gov. 
 - 10 - 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following discusses risks that management believes are specific to our business and could have a negative impact on QNB s financial performance. When analyzing an investment in QNB, the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report, should be carefully considered. This list should not be viewed as comprehensive and may not include all risks that may affect the financial performance of QNB. 
 Our net interest income, net income and results of operations are sensitive to fluctuations in interest rates. 
 QNB s profitability is largely a function of the spread between the interest rates earned on earning assets and the interest rates paid on deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities. Like most financial institutions, QNB s net interest income and margin will be affected by general economic conditions and other factors, including fiscal and monetary policies of the Federal government, that influence market interest rates and QNB s ability to respond to changes in such rates. At any given time, QNB s assets and liabilities may be such that they are affected differently by a change in interest rates. As a result, an increase or decrease in rates, the length of loan terms or the mix of adjustable- and fixed-rate loans or investment securities in QNB s portfolio could have a positive or negative effect on its net income, capital and liquidity. Although management believes it has implemented strategies and guidelines to reduce the potential effects of adverse changes in interest rates on results of operations, any substantial and prolonged change in market interest rates could affect operating results negatively. 
 We are subject to credit risk in connection with our lending activities, and our financial condition and results of operations may be negatively affected by economic conditions and other factors that could adversely affect our customers. 
 As a lender, QNB is exposed to the risk that its borrowers may be unable to repay their loans and that the current market value of any collateral securing the payment of their loans may not be sufficient to assure repayment in full. Credit losses are inherent in the lending business and could have a material adverse effect on the operating results of QNB. Adverse changes in the economy or business conditions, either nationally or in QNB s market areas, could increase credit-related losses and expenses and/or limit growth. Substantially all of QNB s loans are to businesses and individuals in its limited geographic area and any economic decline in this market could impact QNB adversely. QNB makes various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of its loan portfolio and provides an allowance for loan losses based on a number of factors. If these assumptions are incorrect, the allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses and may cause QNB to increase the allowance in the future by increasing the provision for loan losses, thereby having an adverse effect on operating results. QNB has adopted underwriting and credit monitoring procedures and credit policies that management believes are appropriate to control these risks however, such policies and procedures may not prevent unexpected losses that could have a material adverse effect on QNB s financial condition or results of operations. 
 A deterioration in regional or national economic conditions may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 QNB primarily provides banking services to customers located in the Bucks, Lehigh and Montgomery Counties in Pennsylvania. Adverse effects of a regional economic downturn could affect QNB s ability to attract deposits and qualified loans. Economic factors impacting the local economy with this region, such as a decline in real estate values, unemployment, natural disasters, or the effects of armed conflict in other parts of the world, including present armed conflicts in Ukraine, may have a negative impact on credit-worthiness of customers, the value of collateral, and customers ability to repay loans, which would result in write-downs, increases in non-performing loans, and a decline in QNB s financial performance measurements. Unlike larger banks that are more geographically diversified, we provide banking and financial services locally and therefore are more affected by adverse local economic conditions. 
 Similarly, potential adverse effects of any national economic downturn or concerns with the stability of the financial markets could lead to lack of consumer confidence, increased market volatility, and a general reduction in business activity. Such events may result in increased regulation of the financial services industry and increased compliance costs greater difficulty in assessing the creditworthiness of customers and increased credit risk greater difficulty in originating loans that meet our underwriting criteria liquidity issues to the extent that it becomes more difficult to borrow from third parties, including other financial institutions and limitations on growth. 
 We face significant competition from other banks and financial institutions in our market area, many of which are larger in terms of asset size and market capitalization. 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive, with competition for attracting and retaining deposits and making loans coming from other banks and savings institutions, credit unions, mutual fund companies, insurance companies and other non-bank businesses. Many of QNB s competitors are much larger in terms of total assets and market capitalization, have a higher lending limit, have greater access to capital and funding, and offer a broader array of financial products and services. In light of this, QNB s ability to continue to compete effectively is dependent upon its ability to maintain and build relationships by delivering top quality service. Competition within the financial services industry also impacts QNB s ability to attract and retain low-cost deposits which could impact QNB s liquidity. Lowering loan rates and increasing deposit rates compresses the interest rate margin and profitability. 
 - 11 - 
 
 At December 31, 20 2 2 , our lending limit per borrower was approximately 22 , 486 ,000. Accordingly, the size of loans that we may offer to potential borrowers (without participation by other lenders) is less than the size of loans that many of our competitors with larger capitalization are able to offer. Our legal lending limit also impacts the efficiency of our lending operation because it tends to lower our average loan size, which means we have to generate a higher number of transactions to achieve the same portfolio volume. We may engage in loan participations with other banks for loans in excess of our legal lending limit. However, there can be no assurance that such participations will be available or on terms which are favorable to us and our customers. 
 Our results of operations may be adversely affected by other-than-temporary impairment charges relating to our debt securities. 
 QNB purchases U.S. Government and U.S. Government agency debt securities, U.S. Government agency issued mortgage-backed securities or collateralized mortgage obligation securities, obligations of states and municipalities and corporate debt securities. QNB is exposed to the risk that the issuers of these debt securities may experience significant deterioration in credit quality which could impact the market value of such issuer s securities. QNB periodically evaluates its debt securities to determine if market value declines are other-than-temporary. Once a decline is determined to be other-than-temporary, the value of the security is reduced and a corresponding charge to earnings is recognized for the credit related portion of the impairment. 
 Our results of operations may be adversely affected by fair value declines in our investments in equity securities. 
 The Company s investment in marketable equity securities primarily consists of investments in large cap stock companies. Changes in fair value are recorded in unrealized gain/(losses) in non-interest income These equity securities are carried at fair value. QNB had 12 equity securities with unrealized losses of approximately 1,204,000 at December 31, 2022. The severity and duration of the fair value declines are consistent with current stock market developments. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 5,181,000 in capital stock of the FHLB and 12,000 in capital stock of ACBB. These equity securities are restricted in that they can only be sold back to the respective institutions or another member institution at par. Therefore, they are less liquid than other tradable equity securities, their fair value is equal to amortized cost, and no impairment write-downs have been recorded on these securities. 
 Our assets at December 31, 2022 included a deferred tax asset and we may not be able to realize the full benefit of that asset. 
 As of December 31, 2022, QNB had a net deferred tax asset of 23,077,000. Our ability to realize these tax benefits ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (ordinary income or capital gains) within the applicable carryback and carryforward periods provided under the tax law. Estimating whether the deferred tax asset will be realized requires us to exercise significant judgment and is inherently uncertain because it requires the prediction of future occurrences. The deferred tax asset may be reduced in the future if estimates of future income, our tax planning strategies, or tax rate changes resulting from Federal tax reform do not support the amount of the deferred tax asset. If it is determined in the future that a valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset is necessary, we may incur a charge to earnings and a reduction to regulatory capital for the amount included in any such allowance. 
 A disruption in components of our business infrastructure resulting from financial or technological difficulties of our third- party vendors on which we rely could adversely affect our business. 
 Third parties provide key components of our business infrastructure, such as Internet connections, software platforms and network access. Any disruption in Internet, network access or other voice or data communication services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise to conduct business. Disruptions or failures in the business infrastructure or operating systems that support our business and customers, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems, or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, could damage our reputation, cause us to incur additional expenses, result in losses, or subject us to regulatory sanctions or additional regulatory scrutiny, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our failure to properly or timely utilize effective technologies to deliver our products and services, or a systems failure or breach of network security with respect to our information systems could adversely affect our business. 
 The market for financial services is increasingly affected by advances in technology, including developments in telecommunications, data processing, computers, automation, Internet-based banking and mobile banking. Our ability to compete successfully in our markets may depend on the extent to which we are able to exploit such technological changes. However, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to properly or timely anticipate or implement such technologies or properly train our staff to use such technologies. Any failure to adapt to new technologies could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 - 12 - 
 
 In addition, we rely heavily on our information systems to conduct business. Maintaining and protecting those systems is difficult and expensive, as is dealing with any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems, whether due to acts or omissions by us or by a third party and whether intentional or not. Any such failure, interruption or breach could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management or our information systems. The policies, procedures and technical safeguards we have in place to prevent or limit the effect of any failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems may be insufficient to prevent or remedy the effects of any such event. Moreover, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify or enhance our protective measures relating to information security. T he occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of our information systems could damage our reputation, cause us to incur additional expenses, result in losses, or subject us to regulatory sanctions or additional regulatory scrutiny, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 Changes in accounting standards applicable to us could materially impact how we report our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time the FASB changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. 
 These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. Management believes the current financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to examination and supervision by bank regulatory agencies, which could have an adverse impact on our operations or increase the cost of our operations. 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to extensive examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC, and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. The bank regulatory agencies exercise broad discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities. Federal and state banking laws and regulations are designed primarily to protect depositors, the deposit funds, and consumers, and not necessarily shareholders of a financial institution. Banking regulations or the activities of bank regulatory agencies may, for example, limit a financial institution s growth and potential shareholder returns by restricting certain activities such as the payment of dividends, expansion of branch offices, and acquisition activities. 
 
 The significant laws and regulations that govern our activities are described under Item 1 - Description of Business in this Form 10-K. These laws and regulations, along with existing tax, accounting, securities, and monetary laws, regulations, standards, policies, and interpretations control the manner in which financial institutions conduct business. Such laws, regulations, standards, policies, and interpretations are constantly evolving and may change significantly over time. The potential exists for additional federal or state laws or regulations, or new policies or interpretations by regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over our activities, to affect many aspects of our operations, including capital requirements, lending and funding practices, and liquidity standards. Additional laws, regulations or other regulatory requirements, or any substantial change in regulation and oversight, may have a material impact on our operations by increasing our cost of regulatory compliance and of doing business and otherwise affecting our operations, and may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the markets for and value of our investments, the fees we charge and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. 
 
 If we lose the availability of wholesale funding we may be unable to support interest-earning asset growth, which could adversely impact our operating results and liquidity. 
 Management periodically uses wholesale funding sources to support loan demand and deposit withdrawals and to provide sufficient liquidity. Wholesale funding primarily is made up of borrowings from the FHLB but may also include unsecured Federal funds from correspondent banks, Federal advances and wholesale certificates of deposit. 
 If wholesale funding becomes unavailable, QNB may need to reduce interest-earning asset growth through production reduction, sale of assets, or participating out future and current loans this could adversely impact future net income. A termination or change in borrowings from the FHLB, the Federal Reserve or correspondent banks may have an adverse effect on our liquidity and operating results. 
 - 13 - 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting may not achieve their intended objectives. 
 Management diligently reviews and updates its internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by QNB in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Management believes that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Any undetected circumvention of these controls could have a material adverse impact on QNB s financial condition and results of operations. 
 These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 We may not be able to attract and retain highly qualified personnel to execute our business strategy. 
 Our success depends upon the ability to attract and retain highly motivated, well-qualified personnel. We face significant competition in the recruitment of qualified employees. Our ability to execute our business strategy and provide high-quality service may suffer if we are unable to recruit or retain a sufficient number of qualified employees or if the costs of employee compensation or benefits increase substantially. QNB currently has employment agreements and/or change of control agreements with six of its senior officers. 
 Acts of terrorism and other external events, including natural disasters, national or global health emergencies, and events of armed conflict in other countries, could impact our ability to do business or otherwise adversely affect our business, operations or financial condition. 
 Financial institutions have been, and continue to be, targets of terrorist threats aimed at compromising operating and communications systems. Such events could cause significant damage, impact the stability of our facilities, result in additional expenses, and impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. Although we have established and regularly test disaster recovery procedures, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial condition. In addition, other external events, including natural disasters, health emergencies and epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and events of armed conflict in other parts of the world, such as the present armed conflict involving Ukraine and Russia, could adversely affect the global or regional economies resulting in unfavorable economic conditions in the United States. Any of such developments could have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 - 14 - 
 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 The principal office of both QNB Bank and QNB Corp. is located at 15 North Third Street, Quakertown, Pennsylvania. QNB Bank conducts business from its principal office and eleven other branch offices located in Bucks, Lehigh, and Montgomery Counties in Pennsylvania. QNB Bank owns its principal office, three branch locations, its administrative and operations facility and a computer facility. QNB Bank leases its remaining eight branch properties. The leases on the properties generally contain renewal options. In management s opinion, these properties are in good condition and are currently adequate for QNB s purposes. 
 The following table details QNB Bank s properties: 
 Location 

Quakertown, PA Downtown Branch (Principal Office) - 15 North Third Street 
 
 Owned 

Quakertown, PA Towne Bank Center - 320-322 West Broad Street 
 
 Owned 

Quakertown, PA Computer Center - 121 West Broad Street 
 
 Owned 

Quakertown, PA Country Square Branch - 240 South West End Boulevard 
 
 Owned 

Quakertown, PA Quakertown Commons Branch - 901 South West End Boulevard 
 
 Leased 

Dublin, PA Dublin Branch - 161 North Main Street 
 
 Leased 

Pennsburg, PA Upper Perkiomen Valley Branch - 410 Pottstown Avenue 
 
 Leased 

Coopersburg, PA Coopersburg Branch - 51 South Third Street 
 
 Owned 

Perkasie, PA Perkasie Branch - 607 Chestnut Street 
 
 Owned 

Souderton, PA Souderton Branch - 750 Route 113 
 
 Leased 

Wescosville, PA Wescosville Branch - 950 Mill Creek Road 
 
 Leased 

Colmar, PA Colmar Branch - 127 Bethlehem Pike 
 
 Owned 

Warminster, PA Warminster Branch - 1402 West Street Road 
 
 Leased 

Allentown, PA Allentown Branch - 535 N. 19 th Street 
 
 Leased 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Although there are currently no material proceedings to which QNB is the subject, future litigation that arises during the normal course of QNB s business could be material and have a negative impact on QNB s earnings. Future litigation also could adversely impact the reputation of QNB in the communities that it serves. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 - 15 - 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Stock Information 
 QNB common stock is quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board OTCBB ). QNB had approximately 631 shareholders of record as of February 28, 2023. 
 The following table sets forth the high and low bid and ask stock prices for QNB common stock on a quarterly basis during 2022 and 2021. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Cash 

High 

Low 

dividend 

Bid 

Ask 

Bid 

Ask 

per share 

2022 

First Quarter 

37.54 

38.25 

35.80 

36.00 

0.36 

Second Quarter 

36.27 

36.90 

26.80 

27.25 

0.36 

Third Quarter 

30.50 

31.00 

26.01 

27.00 

0.36 

Fourth Quarter 

26.90 

29.50 

25.50 

26.24 

0.36 

2021 

First Quarter 

34.60 

36.50 

31.02 

32.00 

0.35 

Second Quarter 

38.00 

39.97 

34.00 

34.69 

0.35 

Third Quarter 

37.01 

39.50 

35.41 

35.70 

0.35 

Fourth Quarter 

36.77 

36.98 

35.86 

35.90 

0.35 

QNB has traditionally paid quarterly cash dividends on the last Friday of each quarter. The Company expects to continue the practice of paying quarterly cash dividends to its shareholders however, future dividends are dependent upon future earnings, financial condition, appropriate legal restrictions, and other factors relevant at the time the board of directors considers declaring a dividend. Certain laws restrict the amount of dividends that may be paid to shareholders in any given year. See Shareholders Equity - Capital Adequacy included in Item 7 of this Form 10-K filing and Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K filing, for additional information that discusses and quantifies this regulatory restriction. 
 The following table provides information on repurchases by QNB of its common stock in each month of the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Period 

Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 

Average Price 
 Paid per Share 

Total Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plan 

Maximum 
 Number of 
 Shares that 
 may yet be 
 Purchased 
 Under the Plan 

October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 

98,000 

November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 

98,000 

December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 

98,000 

Total 

98,000 

(1) 
 
 Transactions are reported as of settlement dates. 

(2) 
 
 QNB s current stock repurchase plan was originally approved by its Board of Directors and announced on January 24, 2008 and subsequently increased on February 9, 2009 and April 27, 2021. 

(3) 
 
 The total number of shares approved for repurchase under QNB s current stock repurchase plan is 200,000 as of the filing of this Form 10-K. 

(4) 
 
 QNB s current stock repurchase plan has no expiration date. 

(5) 
 
 QNB has no stock repurchase plan that it has determined to terminate or under which it does not intend to make further purchases. 

 - 16 - 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 Set forth below is a performance graph comparing the yearly cumulative total shareholder return on QNB s common stock with: 

the yearly cumulative total shareholder return on stocks included in the NASDAQ Composite Index, a broad market index 

the yearly cumulative total shareholder return on the S&P US SmallCap Banks Index, a group encompassing publicly traded banking companies trading on the NYSE or NASDAQ with an average market capitalization of 1.8 billion (individually ranging from 129 million to 13.3 billion) and 

the yearly cumulative total shareholder return on the S&P U.S. BMI Banks - Mid-Atlantic Bank Index, a group encompassing publicly traded banking companies trading on the NYSE, AMEX, or NASDAQ headquartered in Delaware, District of Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, and Puerto Rico. 

All of these cumulative total returns are computed assuming the reinvestment of dividends at the frequency with which dividends were paid during the applicable years. 

Period Ending 

Index 

12/31/17 

12/31/18 

12/31/19 

12/31/20 

12/31/21 

12/31/22 

QNB Corp. 

100.00 

89.22 

92.78 

80.47 

93.92 

72.01 

NASDAQ Composite Index 

100.00 

97.16 

132.81 

192.47 

235.15 

158.65 

S&P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index 

100.00 

83.44 

104.69 

95.08 

132.36 

116.69 

S&P U.S. BMI Banks - Mid-Atlantic Region Index 

100.00 

85.44 

121.49 

109.82 

138.70 

117.14 

Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence 2023 

- 17 - 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Results of Operations Overview 
 QNB Corp. QNB or the Company earns its net income primarily through its subsidiary, QNB Bank (the Bank ). Net interest income, or the spread between the interest, dividends and fees earned on loans and investment securities and the expense incurred on deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities, is the primary source of operating income for QNB. QNB seeks to achieve sustainable and consistent earnings growth while maintaining adequate levels of capital and liquidity and limiting its exposure to credit and interest rate risk levels approved by the Board of Directors. Due to its limited geographic area, comprised principally of Bucks, Lehigh and Montgomery counties, growth is pursued through expansion of existing customer relationships and building new relationships by stressing a consistent high level of service at all points of contact. 
 Tabular information presented throughout management s discussion and analysis, other than share and per share data, is presented in thousands of dollars. 
 The following table displays five years of selected financial amounts and ratios for the QNB: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Income and expense 

Net interest income 

44,497 

42,127 

37,248 

36,294 

35,015 

Provision for loan losses 

(850 

458 

1,250 

1,300 

1,130 

Non-interest income 

5,731 

9,781 

7,602 

8,317 

4,892 

Non-interest expense 

31,492 

30,997 

28,955 

28,104 

25,885 

Net income 

15,921 

16,492 

12,083 

12,357 

11,335 

Share and Per Share Data 

Net income - basic 

4.47 

4.64 

3.42 

3.53 

3.27 

Net income - diluted 

4.47 

4.64 

3.42 

3.53 

3.25 

Book value 

19.78 

38.41 

37.80 

34.30 

29.95 

Cash dividends 

1.44 

1.40 

1.36 

1.32 

1.28 

Average common shares outstanding - basic 

3,564,481 

3,553,949 

3,537,323 

3,498,326 

3,463,450 

Average common shares outstanding - diluted 

3,564,481 

3,554,138 

3,537,360 

3,504,150 

3,482,509 

Balance Sheet at Year-end 

Investment securities 

558,581 

704,770 

448,495 

358,874 

353,642 

Loans receivable 

1,039,385 

926,470 

920,042 

820,616 

785,448 

Allowance for loan losses 

(10,531 

(11,184 

(10,826 

(9,887 

(8,834 

Other earning assets 

1,242 

4,196 

25,909 

5,210 

570 

Total assets 

1,668,497 

1,673,340 

1,440,229 

1,225,023 

1,175,452 

Deposits 

1,418,369 

1,449,745 

1,228,067 

1,037,860 

1,015,598 

Borrowed funds 

171,327 

78,476 

68,838 

55,931 

50,872 

Shareholders' equity 

70,958 

136,494 

134,445 

120,717 

104,348 

Selected Financial Ratios 

Net interest margin 

2.71 

2.79 

2.92 

3.16 

3.13 

Net income as a percentage of: 

Average total assets 

0.93 

1.04 

0.90 

1.02 

0.96 

Average shareholders' equity 

10.90 

12.19 

9.76 

10.58 

10.47 

Average shareholders' equity to average total assets 

8.54 

8.53 

9.21 

9.63 

9.20 

Dividend payout ratio 

32.24 

30.15 

39.82 

37.39 

39.12 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15,921,000, or 4.47 per share on a diluted basis. This compares to 2021 net income of 16,492,000, or 4.64 per share on a diluted basis and 2020 net income of 12,083,000, or 3.42 per share on a diluted basis. Two important measures of profitability in the banking industry are an institution s return on average assets and return on average shareholders equity. Return on average assets was 0.93 , 1.04 and 0.90 in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and return on average shareholders equity was 10.90 , 12.19 and 9.76 , respectively, during those same periods. 
 - 18 - 
 
 The Bank contributed 16 , 445 ,000 to net income for the year ended December 31, 202 2 compared to 14,607,000 for the same period in 20 2 1 whereas the holding company reduced consolidated net income with a loss of 524 ,000 f or the year ended December 31, 202 2 compared to a contribution of 1,885,000 for the same period in 20 2 1 . The de crease at the holding company resulted primarily from a de crease in gains on sales of equity securities and a de crease in the fair value of the equity portfolio during 202 2 . 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 
 The results for 2022 include the following significant components: 

Net interest income increased 2,370,000, or 5.63 , to 44,497,000 for 2022. 

The net interest margin on a tax-equivalent basis decreased eight basis points to 2.71 for 2022 from 2.79 for 2021. 

Provision for loan losses was a credit of 850,000 for 2022, compared with expense of 458,000 for 2021. 

Non-interest income for 2022 was 5,731,000, a decrease of 4,050,000, or 41.4 , compared with 2021. 

Non-interest expense for 2022 was 31,492,000, an increase of 495,000, or 1.6 , compared with 2021. 

The fair value of the investment securities declined 145,835,000, or 21.1 from December 31, 2021. 

Loans receivable grew 112,915,000, or 12.2 , from December 31, 2021. 

Deposits decreased 31,376,000, or 2.2 , from December 31, 2021. 

Total non-performing loans, which represent loans on non-accrual status, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest, and restructured loans, were 9,121,000, or 0.88 of total loans receivable at December 31, 2022, compared with 11,672,000, or 1.26 of total loans receivable at December 31, 2021. Loans on non-accrual status were 4,820,000 at December 31, 2022 compared with 7,530,000 at December 31, 2021. Net recoveries for 2022 were 197,000, or 0.02 of average total loans, as compared with net charge-offs of 100,000, or 0.01 of average total loans for 2021. 

2021 versus 2020 
 
 The results for 2021 include the following significant components: 

Net interest income increased 4,879,000, or 13.1 , to 42,127,000 for 2021. 

The net interest margin on a tax-equivalent basis decreased 13 basis points to 2.79 for 2021 from 2.92 for 2020. 

Provision for loan losses totaled 458,000 for 2021, compared with 1,250,000 for 2020. 

Non-interest income for 2021 was 9,781,000, an increase of 2,179,000, or 28.7 , compared with 2020. 

Non-interest expense for 2021 was 30,997,000, an increase of 2,042,000, or 7.1 , compared with 2020. 

Investment securities grew 256,275,000, or 57.1 from December 31, 2020. 

Loans receivable grew 6,428,000, or 0.7 , from December 31, 2020. 

Deposits increased 221,678,000, or 18.1 , from December 31, 2020. 

Total non-performing loans, which represent loans on non-accrual status, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest, and restructured loans, were 11,672,000, or 1.26 of total loans receivable at December 31, 2021, compared with 14,109,000, or 1.53 of total loans receivable at December 31, 2020. Loans on non-accrual status were 7,530,000 at December 31, 2021 compared with 9,640,000 at December 31, 2020. Net charge-offs for 2021 were 100,000, or 0.01 of average total loans, as compared with 311,000, or 0.04 of average total loans for 2020. 

 These items, as well as others, will be explained more thoroughly in the next sections. 
 - 19 - 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 The following table presents the adjustment to convert net interest income to net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Total interest income 

52,421 

46,770 

43,693 

Total interest expense 

7,924 

4,643 

6,445 

Net interest income 

44,497 

42,127 

37,248 

Tax-equivalent adjustment 

713 

706 

691 

Net interest income (tax-equivalent basis) 

45,210 

42,833 

37,939 

Net interest income is the primary source of operating income for QNB. Net interest income is interest income, dividends, and fees on earning assets, less interest expense incurred for funding sources. Earning assets primarily include loans, investment securities and interest-bearing balances at the Federal Reserve Bank (Fed). Sources used to fund these assets include deposits and borrowed funds. Net interest income is affected by changes in interest rates, the volume and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the amount of earning assets funded by non-interest-bearing deposits. 
 
 For purposes of this discussion, interest income and the average yield earned on loans and investment securities are adjusted to a tax-equivalent basis as detailed in the table that appears above. This adjustment to interest income is made for analysis purposes only. Interest income is increased by the amount of savings of Federal income taxes, which QNB realizes by investing in certain tax-exempt state and municipal securities and by making loans to certain tax-exempt organizations. In this way, the ultimate economic impact of earnings from various assets can be more easily compared. 
 
 The net interest rate spread is the difference between average rates received on earning assets and average rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, while the net interest margin, which includes interest-free sources of funds, is net interest income expressed as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. The Asset/Liability and Investment Management Committee works to manage and maximize the net interest margin for the Company. 
 2022 versus 2021 
 On a tax-equivalent basis, net interest income for 2022 increased 2,377,000, or 5.5 , to 45,210,000. The net interest margin, which decreased eight basis points to 2.71 was unfavorably impacted by increased rates on deposits and short-term borrowings. The average rate earned on earning assets increased nine basis points from 3.09 for 2021 to 3.18 for 2022 with the yield on investments increasing 14 basis points and the yield on loans increasing 11 basis points. The yield on investment securities was favorably impacted by increased yields on all categories except state and municipal securities, causing an increase in interest income of 1,296,000 additionally, the yield was favorably impacted by an increase in average volume of 130,234,000 contributing to a 1,758,000 increase in interest income. The yield on loans was favorably impacted by increased rates in all loan categories except tax-exempt loans, contributing to a net 1,410,000 increase in interest income. This was also favorably impacted by a 35,456,000 net increase in average volume, of which 80,201,000 was related to an increase in average commercial real estate loans, contributing 3,327,000 in interest income partially offset by a decrease of 47,912,000 in commercial and industrial loans average balances, resulting in a decrease of 2,275,000 in interest income. The yield on total average interest-bearing liabilities increased 21 basis points from 0.39 for 2021 to 0.60 for 2022. The growth in loans and investment securities was funded by a 101,316,000, or 7.5 , increase in average total deposits and by a 14,218,000, or 19.8 , increase in short-term borrowings. The average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased from 0.38 to 0.57 for the same time periods, respectively, contributing to an increase in interest expense of 2,489,000, and a 95,049,000 increase in average interest-bearing deposits resulting in additional interest expense of 189,000. The average rate paid on short-term borrowings increased from 0.36 to 1.00 for the same time periods, respectively, contributing to an increase in interest expense of 552,000. 
 Loan and deposit growth was partially offset by the competitive local interest rate market for quality loans and deposits. Net interest spread decreased 12 basis points to 2.58 for 2022 compared to 2.70 for 2021. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 On a tax-equivalent basis, net interest income for 2021 increased 4,894,000, or 12.9 , to 42,833,000. The net interest margin, which decreased 13 basis points to 2.79 was unfavorably impacted by decreased rates on loans and investments. The average rate earned on earning assets decreased 33 basis points from 3.42 for 2020 to 3.09 for 2021 with the yield on investments decreasing 35 basis points and the yield on loans decreasing nine basis points. The yield on investment securities was unfavorably impacted by decreased yields on all categories except corporate debt securities, causing a reduction in interest income of 2,145,000 this was favorable offset by an increase in average volume of 175,018,000 contributing to a 3,528,000 increase in interest income. The yield on loans was unfavorably impacted by decreased rates in all loan categories except commercial and industrial loans, contributing to a 994,000 decline in interest income this was favorably offset by a 59,997,000 net increase in average volume, of which 70,591,000 was related to an increase in average commercial real estate loans, contributing 2,727,000 in interest income. The yield on total average interest-bearing liabilities decreased 24 basis points from 0.63 for 2020 to 0.39 for 2021. The growth in loans and investment securities was funded by a 208,689,000, or 18.1 , increase in average total deposits. The average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits decreased from 0.63 to 0.38 for the same time periods, respectively, contributing to a decrease in interest expense of 2,051,000, partially offset by a 159,075,000 increase in average interest-bearing deposits resulting in additional interest expense of 215,000. 

- 20 - 
 
 Average Balances, Rates, and Interest Income and Expense Summary (Tax-Equivalent Basis) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Average 

balance 

rate 

Interest 

balance 

rate 

Interest 

balance 

rate 

Interest 

Assets 

Investment securities (AFS & Equities): 

U.S. Treasury 

524 

1.18 

6 

0.00 

0.00 

U.S. Government agencies 

101,455 

1.10 

1,119 

80,340 

1.05 

842 

64,517 

1.38 

891 

State and municipal 

128,126 

2.39 

3,056 

112,011 

2.47 

2,765 

65,824 

3.08 

2,027 

Mortgage-backed and CMOs 

447,369 

1.58 

7,059 

351,801 

1.29 

4,540 

242,039 

1.61 

3,908 

Corporate debt 

6,673 

4.37 

291 

7,291 

4.01 

292 

7,450 

3.69 

275 

Equities 

12,011 

3.32 

399 

14,481 

3.02 

437 

11,076 

3.54 

392 

Total investment securities 
 (AFS & Equities) 

696,158 

1.71 

11,930 

565,924 

1.57 

8,876 

390,906 

1.92 

7,493 

Loans: 

Commercial real estate 

637,023 

4.20 

26,759 

556,822 

4.15 

23,098 

486,231 

4.46 

21,662 

Residential real estate 

104,397 

3.34 

3,484 

95,241 

3.41 

3,244 

77,077 

3.79 

2,922 

Home equity loans 

56,155 

4.38 

2,459 

57,311 

3.29 

1,886 

61,493 

3.79 

2,328 

Commercial and industrial 

145,579 

5.10 

7,432 

193,491 

4.75 

9,189 

205,566 

4.02 

8,273 

Consumer loans 

4,512 

5.63 

254 

5,097 

4.98 

254 

5,959 

5.28 

314 

Tax-exempt loans 

19,778 

3.42 

676 

24,026 

3.47 

835 

35,665 

3.57 

1,274 

Total loans, net of unearned 
 income 

967,444 

4.24 

41,064 

931,988 

4.13 

38,506 

871,991 

4.22 

36,773 

Other earning assets 

5,782 

2.42 

140 

36,715 

0.26 

94 

34,254 

0.34 

118 

Total earning assets 

1,669,384 

3.18 

53,134 

1,534,627 

3.09 

47,476 

1,297,151 

3.42 

44,384 

Cash and due from banks 

13,803 

23,408 

19,654 

Allowance for loan losses 

(11,287 

(11,157 

(10,443 

Other assets 

38,549 

38,749 

37,622 

Total assets 

1,710,449 

1,585,627 

1,343,984 

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

Interest-bearing deposits: 

Interest-bearing demand 

345,054 

0.27 

933 

307,258 

0.20 

624 

252,050 

0.26 

668 

Municipals 

122,824 

1.43 

1,758 

127,828 

0.32 

411 

119,673 

0.57 

679 

Money market 

137,830 

0.45 

617 

122,361 

0.31 

381 

90,989 

0.45 

405 

Savings 

443,104 

0.49 

2,175 

386,630 

0.30 

1,178 

288,285 

0.40 

1,155 

Time less than 100 

91,216 

0.79 

723 

98,986 

0.93 

921 

113,647 

1.41 

1,599 

Time 100 through 250 

52,314 

0.93 

489 

52,693 

0.86 

454 

65,840 

1.54 

1,012 

Time greater than 250 

25,296 

0.83 

209 

26,833 

0.96 

257 

33,030 

1.65 

544 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

1,217,638 

0.57 

6,904 

1,122,589 

0.38 

4,226 

963,514 

0.63 

6,062 

Short-term borrowings 

85,876 

1.00 

861 

71,658 

0.36 

258 

51,745 

0.48 

247 

Long-term debt 

10,000 

1.57 

159 

10,000 

1.57 

159 

8,566 

1.57 

136 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

1,313,514 

0.60 

7,924 

1,204,247 

0.39 

4,643 

1,023,825 

0.63 

6,445 

Non-interest-bearing deposits 

242,778 

236,511 

186,897 

Other liabilities 

8,069 

9,545 

9,472 

Shareholders' equity 

146,088 

135,324 

123,790 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

1,710,449 

1,585,627 

1,343,984 

Net interest rate spread 

2.58 

2.70 

2.79 

Margin/net interest income 

2.71 

45,210 

2.79 

42,833 

2.92 

37,939 

Tax-exempt securities and loans were adjusted to a tax-equivalent basis and are based on the marginal Federal corporate tax rate of 21 percent. Non-accrual loans and investment securities are included in earning assets. 
 Includes loans held-for-sale 
 - 21 - 
 
 Rate-Volume Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income (1) (2) (3) 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Due to change in: 

Total 

Due to change in: 

Total 

Volume 

Rate 

Change 

Volume 

Rate 

Change 

Interest income: 

Investment securities (AFS & Equities): 

U.S. Treasury 

6 

6 

U.S. Government agencies 

221 

56 

277 

219 

(268 

(49 

State and municipal 

397 

(106 

291 

1,423 

(685 

738 

Mortgage-backed and CMOs 

1,233 

1,286 

2,519 

1,772 

(1,140 

632 

Corporate debt 

(25 

24 

(1 

(6 

23 

17 

Equities 

(74 

36 

(38 

120 

(75 

45 

Total investment securities (AFS & Equities) 

1,758 

1,296 

3,054 

3,528 

(2,145 

1,383 

Loans: 

Commercial real estate 

3,327 

334 

3,661 

3,145 

(1,709 

1,436 

Residential real estate 

311 

(71 

240 

689 

(367 

322 

Home equity loans 

(38 

611 

573 

(159 

(283 

(442 

Commercial and industrial 

(2,275 

518 

(1,757 

(487 

1,403 

916 

Consumer loans 

(29 

29 

(45 

(15 

(60 

Tax-exempt loans 

(148 

(11 

(159 

(416 

(23 

(439 

Total loans 

1,148 

1,410 

2,558 

2,727 

(994 

1,733 

Other earning assets 

(79 

125 

46 

7 

(31 

(24 

Total interest income 

2,827 

2,831 

5,658 

6,262 

(3,170 

3,092 

Interest expense: 

Interest-bearing demand 

77 

232 

309 

146 

(190 

(44 

Municipals 

(16 

1,363 

1,347 

46 

(314 

(268 

Money market 

47 

189 

236 

140 

(164 

(24 

Savings 

172 

825 

997 

394 

(371 

23 

Time less than 100 

(73 

(125 

(198 

(207 

(471 

(678 

Time 100 through 250 

(3 

38 

35 

(203 

(355 

(558 

Time greater than 250 

(15 

(33 

(48 

(101 

(186 

(287 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

189 

2,489 

2,678 

215 

(2,051 

(1,836 

Short-term borrowings 

51 

552 

603 

95 

(84 

11 

Long-term debt 

23 

23 

Total interest expense 

240 

3,041 

3,281 

333 

(2,135 

(1,802 

Net interest income 

2,587 

(210 

2,377 

5,929 

(1,035 

4,894 

(1) 
 
 Loan fees have been included in the change in interest income totals presented. Non-accrual loans and investment securities have been included in average balances. 

(2) 
 
 Changes due to both volume and rates have been allocated in proportion to the relationship of the dollar amount change in each. 

(3) 
 
 Interest income on loans and securities is presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 

 The Rate-Volume Analysis tables, as presented on a tax-equivalent basis, highlight the impact of changing rates and volumes on interest income and interest expense. Total interest income on a tax-equivalent basis increased 5,658,000 to 53,134,000 for 2022, while total interest expense increased 3,281,000 to 7,924,000. Volume growth in earning assets contributed an additional 2,827,000 of interest income and interest rate increases contributed an additional 2,831,000 of interest income. Rate-related interest expense increased 3,041,000, while volume-related interest expense increased 240,000. 
 Investments 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Interest income on available-for-sale and equity investment securities increased 3,054,000 when comparing the two years. The increase in average balances contributed an additional 1,758,000 to interest income and the 14 basis-point increase in rate contributed 1,296,000 to interest income. The average yield on the available-for-sale and equity investment portfolio increased to 1.71 for 2022 compared to 1.57 for 2021. 
 - 22 - 
 
 Income on U.S. Government agency securities in creased 277 ,0 00, due to a 5 basis - point in crease in the yield from 1. 0 5 for 202 1 to 1.10 for 202 2 and a n in crea se in average balances totaling 21 , 115 ,000. Most of the bonds in the agency portfolio have call features ranging from three months to three years, none of which were exercised during 20 2 2 . QNB invested excess funds toward the end of 2021 to earn a higher rate than current available on interest-earning deposits. 
 Interest income on tax-exempt municipal securities increased 291,000. Average balances, which increased 16,115,000, contributed 397,000 to interest income. The decrease in yield of eight basis points from 2.47 in 2021 to 2.39 in 2022 partially offset the increase in interest income by 106,000. Many of these bonds have either reached maturity or their call dates and are being replaced with municipal bonds with less favorable tax-equivalent yields. Typically, QNB purchased municipal bonds with 10- to 15-year maturities with call dates between 2 and 5 years. Future demand for tax-exempt municipal securities is uncertain, as the tax-equivalent yield could be less favorable compared to other securities with similar risk-based capital asset-weighting characteristics. 
 All the mortgage-backed and collateralized mortgage obligations CMO securities owned by QNB are issued by U.S. Government agencies and sponsored enterprises GSE and carry the implicit backing of the U.S. Government, but they are not direct obligations of the U.S. Government. Interest income on mortgage-backed securities and CMOs increased 2,519,000 due to a 95,568,000 increase in average balances and a 29 basis-point increase in rate from 1.29 for 2021 to 1.58 for 2022. This portfolio generally provides higher yields relative to agency bonds and provides monthly cash flow which can be used for liquidity purposes or can be reinvested as interest rates increase. QNB invested excess funds toward the end of 2021 to earn a higher rate than current available on interest-earning deposits. 
 Income on corporate debt securities decreased 1,000 due to a decrease in average balances of 618,000 partially offset by an increase in yield from 4.01 for 2021 to 4.37 for 2022. 
 Excess cash at the holding company was invested in Treasury securities during 2022 adding 6,000 to interest income. 
 Dividend income on equities decreased 38,000 due to a decrease in average balances of 2,470,000, partially offset by an increase in yield of 30 basis points. 
 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Interest income on available-for-sale and equity investment securities increased 1,383,000 when comparing the two years. The increase in average balances contributed an additional 3,528,000 to interest income but was partially offset by 2,145,000 due to a 35 basis-point decrease in rates. The average yield on the available-for-sale and equity investment portfolio decreased to 1.57 for 2021 compared to 1.92 for 2020. 
 Income on U.S. Government agency securities decreased 49,000, due to a 33 basis-point decrease in the yield from 1.38 for 2020 to 1.05 for 2021, partially offset by an increase in average balances totaling 15,823,000. Most of the bonds in the agency portfolio have call features ranging from three months to three years, many of which were exercised during 2021 as a result of the declining rates during the year these bonds were replaced by lower-yielding securities. 
 Interest income on tax-exempt municipal securities increased 738,000. Average balances, which increased 46,187,000, contributed 1,423,000 to interest income. The decrease in yield of 61 basis points from 3.08 in 2020 to 2.47 in 2021 partially offset the increase in interest income by 685,000. 
 Interest income on mortgage-backed securities and CMOs increased 632,000 due to a 109,762,000 increase in average balances, partially offset by a 32 basis-point decrease in rate from 1.61 for 2020 to 1.29 for 2021. 
 Income on corporate debt securities increased 17,000 due to an increase in yield from 3.69 for 2020 to 4.00 for 2021 partially offset by a decrease in average balances of 159,000. 
 Dividend income on equities increased 45,000 due to an increase in average balances of 3,405,000, partially offset by a decrease in yield of 52 basis points. 
 Loans 
 2022 versus 2021 
 The largest category of the loan portfolio is commercial real estate loans. This category of loans includes commercial purpose loans secured by either commercial properties such as office buildings, hotels, factories, warehouses, medical facilities and retail establishments, or residential real estate, usually the residence of the business owner or investment properties. The category also includes construction and land development loans. Income on commercial real estate loans increased 3,661,000. The increase in average balances of 80,201,000, or 14.4 , contributed an increase in interest income of 3,327,000 the five basis-point increase in yield, from 4.15 in 2021 to 4.20 in 2022 contributes 334,000 to the increase in interest income. 
 - 23 - 
 
 Income on commercial and industrial loans, the second largest category, de creased 1,757 , 000 with average balances decreasing 47,912,000 resulting in a decrease to interest income of 2,275,000, partially offset by the positive impact from an increase in average yield of 35 basis points to 5.10 in 202 2 from 4. 75 in 202 1 , contributing to a 518 ,000 increase in interest income. Many of the loans in this category are indexed to the prime interest rate. Included in this category are the PPP loan s which contributed 41 , 515 ,000 of the net volume de crease. The PPP loan s yield one percent to the customer however , QNB received origination fees from the SBA ranging from a flat fee of 2,500 to one to five basis points, resulting in a yield of approximately 11.07 for 202 2 compared to 7.48 for 202 1 . Excluding the PPP loan s , the yield on the commercial and industrial loans, the average yield increased 102 basis points to 4.62 in 2022 from 3.90 in 2021 . 
 Tax-exempt loan income decreased 159,000 to 676,000 in 2022. When comparing the same periods, average balances decreased 4,248,000 to 19,778,000, which contributed a 148,000 decrease in interest income. The average yield on the tax-exempt loan portfolio decreased from 3.47 for 2021 to 3.42 for 2022, resulting in a decrease in interest income of 11,000. 
 QNB strives to be the local consumer lender of choice. QNB continues to focus on its retail lending efforts by adding new product offerings and by marketing and promotion. Overall, retail lending balances increased 7,415,000 and interest income for retail lending increased 813,000 in 2022 compared with 2021, driven by a 33 basis-point decrease in yield. 
 Given the low yields on alternative investment securities, QNB retained certain fixed rate and hybrid adjustable-rate mortgages to borrowers with high credit scores and low loan-to-value ratios. As a result, average residential mortgage loans secured by first lien 1-4 family residential mortgages increased by 9,156,000, or 9.6 , to 104,397,000 for 2022. The average yield on the residential real estate portfolio decreased seven basis points to 3.34 for 2022 compared to 3.41 for 2021. Overall, interest income for this segment grew 240,000 in 2022. 
 Income on home equity loans increased by 573,000 when comparing 2022 and 2021. During 2022 and 2021, QNB offered attractive rates on both variable rate and fixed rate home equity loans. Average balances in home equity loans decreased 1,156,000, or 2.0 , to 56,155,000 when comparing 2022 and 2021. The yield on the home equity portfolio increased 109 basis points to 4.38 when comparing the two years. The home values have continued to grow therefore, we expect that the demand for home equity loans will continue. 
 Interest income on consumer loans remained flat. Consumer loans at QNB experienced a decline in average balances in 2022 of 585,000, or 11.5 , led by a decline in installment loans and student loans. Installment loan average balances declined 357,000 and interest declined 14,000. Student loan balances are no longer insured, and QNB ceased funding originations through its third-party provider during the second half of 2018 average balances decreased 283,000 and interest income increased 9,000 when comparing 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Income on commercial real estate loans increased 1,436,000. The increase in average balances of 70,591,000, or 14.5 , contributed an increase in interest income of 3,145,000 this was partially offset by the 31-basis point decrease in yield from 4.46 in 2020 to 4.15 in 2021 which, which resulted in a decrease of interest income of 1,709,000. 
 Income on commercial and industrial loans increased 916,000 with a positive impact from an increase in yield of 73 basis points to 4.75 in 2021 from 4.02 in 2020, contributing to a 1,403,000 increase in interest income. This was partially offset by a decrease in average commercial and industrial loans of 12,075,000, or 5.9 , to 193,491,000 for 2021, resulting in a 487,000 decrease in interest income. Included in this category are the PPP loans which contributed 7,422,000 of the net volume decrease. crease in average yield of 73 basis points to 4.75 in 2021 from 4.02 in 2020, contributing to a 1,403,000 increase in interest income. The PPP loans contributed 109 basis points to the increase in the average yield. 
 Tax-exempt loan income decreased 439,000 from 1,274,000 in 2020. When comparing the same periods, average balances decreased 11,639,000 to 24,026,000, which contributed a 416,000 decrease in interest income. The average yield on the tax-exempt loan portfolio decreased from 3.57 for 2020 to 3.47 for 2021, resulting in a decrease in interest income of 23,000. 
 Retail lending balances increased 13,120,000 while interest income for retail lending decreased 180,000 in 2021 compared with 2020, driven by the 49-basis point decrease in yield. Average residential mortgage loans secured by first lien 1-4 family residential mortgages increased by 18,164,000, or 23.6 , to 95,241,000 for 2021. The average yield on the residential real estate portfolio decreased 38 basis points to 3.41 for 2021 compared to 3.79 for 2020. Overall, interest income for this segment grew 322,000 in 2021. 
 - 24 - 
 
 Average home equity loans balances decreased 4,182,000, or 6.8 , to 57,311,000 when comparing 2021 and 2020. The yield on the home equity portfolio decreased 50 basis points to 3.29 when comparing the two years. 
 Interest income on consumer loans decreased 60,000 primarily due to a 470,000 decrease in Student loans average balances. 
 Deposits and Borrowings 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Earning assets are funded primarily by deposits, which increased on average by 101,316,000, or 7.5 , to 1,460,416,000, when comparing 2022 and 2021. Total interest expense for 2022 was 7,924,000 compared with 4,643,000 for 2021, an increase of 3,281,000. Interest expense on total deposits increased 2,678,000 and interest expense on borrowed funds increased 603,000 when comparing the two years. The rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased 19 basis points the rate paid on borrowings increased 64 basis points, when comparing the two periods. Deposit and borrowing costs are expected to increase as the competition for deposits increases when rates rise. 
 Consistent with the past several years, the growth in deposits during 2022 was centered in accounts with greater liquidity. Average non-interest-bearing demand accounts increased 6,267,000, or 2.6 , to 242,778,000 for 2022 QNB has been successful in increasing business checking accounts. Average interest-bearing demand accounts increased 37,796,000, or 12.3 , to 345,054,000 for 2022 compared with 2021, with interest expense on interest-bearing demand accounts increasing 309,000 to 933,000 for 2022. The average rate paid increased seven basis points to 0.27 for 2022 compared to 0.20 for 2021. Interest-bearing business checking account average balances increased by 7,918,000, or 12.8 , and related interest expense increased 141,000, or 17 basis points in yield, when comparing the two years. Also included in this category is QNB-Rewards checking, a tiered-rate checking account product. In order to receive the high rate a customer must receive an electronic statement, have one direct deposit or other ACH transaction and have at least 12 debit card purchase transactions post and clear per statement cycle. If these qualifications are not met, the rate paid is 0.10 . For 2022, the average balance in this product was 104,122,000 and the related interest expense was 366,000 for an average cost of funds of 0.35 . In comparison, the average balance in this product for 2021 was 96,522,000 and the related interest expense was 350,000 for an average cost of funds of 0.36 . The rates paid on the QNB-Rewards product, assuming qualifications are met, is attractive relative to competitors offerings as well as other QNB products. This product also generates fee income through the use of the debit card. The average balance of other interest-bearing demand accounts included in this category increased from 148,969,000 for 2021 to 171,247,000 for 2022. The average rate paid on these balances was 0.05 in 2021 and 0.13 in 2022. 
 Average money market accounts increased 15,469,000, or 12.6 , to 137,830,000 for 2022 compared with 2021. Interest expense on money market accounts increased 236,000 to 617,000 for 2022 compared with 2021. The average interest rate paid on money market accounts was 0.45 for 2022, an increase of 14 basis points compared with 2021. The balances in this category primarily comprise Select money market accounts, a product that pays a tiered rate based on account balances. The balances remaining in these accounts for 2022 were primarily at higher-yielding tiers. 
 Interest expense on municipal interest-bearing demand accounts increased 1,347,000 to 1,758,000 for 2022. The average balance of municipal interest-bearing demand accounts decreased 5,004,000, or 3.9 , to 122,824,000 and the average interest rate paid on these accounts increased 111 basis points to 1.43 for 2022 from 0.32 for 2021. Most of these accounts are indexed to the Federal funds rate with negotiated rate floors between 0.15 and 0.35 . Many of these deposits are seasonal in nature and are received during the third quarter as tax receipts are collected and are withdrawn over the course of the next year. 
 QNB s online e-Savings product is the largest category of savings deposits and was created to compete with other online savings accounts. Average e-Savings balances increased 45,577,000, or 15.7 , to 335,490,000 in 2022 compared with 289,913,000 in 2021. The average cost of funds on these accounts was 0.59 for 2022 and 0.36 for 2021. The yield on this account may rise along with market rates and as competition for savings balances increases. Traditional statement savings accounts and club accounts are also included in the savings category and increased on average by 10,897,000, or 11.3 , to 107,614,000. The average rate paid on total savings accounts was 0.49 for 2022, a 19 basis-point increase from 0.30 for 2021 and interest expense increased 997,000, to 2,175,000 from 1,178,000 over the same period. 
 Interest expense on time deposits decreased 211,000, to 1,421,000 in 2022, due to a decrease in average balances of 9,686,000 in 2022, to 168,826,000 and a seven basis-point decrease in yield, from 0.91 in 2021 to 0.84 in 2022. Similar to fixed-rate loans and investment securities, time deposits reprice over time and, therefore, have less of an immediate impact on costs in either a rising or falling rate environment. However, the maturity and repricing characteristics of time deposits tend to be shorter. 
 - 25 - 
 
 Approximately 85 , 267 ,000, or 48.6 , in time deposits will reprice or mature over the next 12 months compared with 5 6. 8 of the portfolio at December 31, 20 2 1 . The average rate paid on these time deposits is approximately 0 . 81 . 
 Short-term borrowings are comprised of sweep accounts structured as repurchase agreements with our commercial customers and overnight borrowings from correspondent banks with average balances in 2022 of 68,650,000 and 17,226,000, respectively. Interest expense on short-term borrowings increased by 603,000 to 861,000 when comparing the two years. During this period average balances of repurchase agreements decreased 2,817,000 with a 14 basis-point increase in average rate paid, resulting in an increase of cost of funds of 85,000. The average balances of borrowings from correspondent banks increased 17,035,000 and the average rate paid increased 249 basis points, resulting in an increase in cost of funds of 518,000. 
 Average long-term debt was 10,000,000 with an average yield of 1.57 . The yield on interest-bearing liabilities increased 21 basis points to 0.60 for 2022. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Total interest expense for 2021 was 4,643,000 compared with 6,445,000 for 2020, a decrease of 1,802,000. Interest expense on total deposits decreased 1,836,000 and interest expense on borrowed funds increased 34,000 when comparing the two years. The rate paid on interest-bearing deposits decreased 25 basis points the rate paid on borrowings decreased 13 basis points, when comparing the two periods. 
 Average non-interest-bearing demand accounts increased 49,614,000, or 26.5 , to 236,511,000 for 2021 QNB has been successful in increasing both personal and business checking accounts. Average interest-bearing demand accounts increased 55,208,000, or 21.9 , to 307,258,000 for 2021 compared with 2020, with interest expense on interest-bearing demand accounts decreasing 44,000 to 624,000 for 2021. The average rate paid decreased six basis points to 0.20 for 2021 compared to 0.26 for 2020. Interest-bearing business checking account average balances increased by 7,025,000, or 12.8 , and related interest expense decreased 79,000, or 19 basis points in yield, when comparing the two years. For 2021, the average balance QNB-Rewards checking was 96,522,000 and the related interest expense was 350,000 for an average cost of funds of 0.36 . In comparison, the average balance in this product for 2020 was 74,447,000 and the related interest expense was 325,000 for an average cost of funds of 0.44 . The average balance of other interest-bearing demand accounts included in this category increased from 122,861,000 for 2020 to 148,969,000 for 2021. The average rate paid on these balances was 0.05 for both years. 
 Average money market accounts increased 31,372,000, or 34.5 , to 122,361,000 for 2021 compared with 2020. Interest expense on money market accounts decreased 24,000 to 381,000 for 2021 compared with 2020. The average interest rate paid on money market accounts was 0.31 for 2021, a decrease of 14 basis points compared with 2020. 
 Online eSavings average balances increased 82,736,000, or 39.9 , to 289,913,000 in 2021 compared with 207,177,000 in 2020. The average cost of funds on these accounts was 0.36 for 2021 and 0.50 for 2020. Traditional statement savings accounts and club accounts are also included in the savings category and increased on average by 15,609,000, or 19.2 , to 96,717,000. The average rate paid on total savings accounts was 0.30 for 2021, a ten-basis point decrease from 0.40 for 2020 and interest expense increased 23,000, to 1,178,000 from 1,155,000 over the same period. 
 Interest expense on time deposits decreased 1,523,000, to 1,632,000 in 2021, due to a 57-basis point decrease in yield, from 1.48 in 2020 to 0.91 in 2021. The decrease in average balances was 34,005,000 in 2021, to 178,512,000. 
 Short-term borrowing average balances in 2021 comprised of sweep accounts structured as repurchase agreements with our commercial customers and overnight borrowings from correspondent banks of 71,467,000 and 191,000, respectively. Interest expense on short-term borrowings increased by 11,000 to 258,000 when comparing the two years. During this period average balances of repurchase agreements increased 21,460,000 with a seven-basis point decrease in average rate paid, resulting in an increase of cost of funds of 43,000. The average balances of borrowings from correspondent banks declined 1,547,000 and the average rate paid decreased 138 basis points, resulting in a decrease in cost of funds of 32,000. 
 Average long-term debt was 10,000,000 with an average yield of 1.57 . The yield on interest-bearing liabilities decreased 24 basis points to 0.39 for 2021. 
 - 26 - 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses 
 The provision for loan losses represents management s determination of the amount necessary to be charged to operations to bring the allowance for loan losses to a level that represents management s best estimate of the known and inherent losses in the existing loan portfolio. QNB recorded a reversal of the provision for loan losses of 850,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to a provision for loan losses of 458,000 and 1,250,000 for the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net loan recoveries were 197,000, or 0.02 of total average loans for 2022 compared with net charge-offs of 100,000, or 0.01 of total average loans for 2021 and 311,000, or 0.04 of total average loans in 2020. The majority of the commercial loans charged off during 2021 and 2020 had specific reserves established during the allowance for loan loss calculation process prior to the decision to charge-off the loans. The majority of the recoveries during 2022, were on these previously charged off commercial loans. Deterioration in credit quality or significant growth in the loan portfolio may result in a higher provision for loan losses in 2023. 
 Non-Interest Income 

Non-interest income comparison 

Change from prior year 

Change 

Change 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

Fees for services to customers 

1,614 

1,326 

1,315 

288 

11 

21.7 

0.8 

ATM and debit card 

2,719 

2,682 

2,195 

37 

487 

1.4 

22.2 

Retail brokerage and advisory 

788 

786 

581 

2 

205 

0.3 

35.3 

Bank-owned life insurance 

361 

497 

294 

(136 

203 

-27.4 

69.0 

Merchant 

394 

451 

417 

(57 

34 

-12.6 

8.2 

Net gain (loss) on sale of investment 
 securities 

266 

1,806 

609 

(1,540 

1,197 

-85.3 

196.6 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investment equity 
 securities 

(1,026 

926 

(47 

(1,952 

973 

-210.8 

N/M 

Net gain on sale of loans 

6 

595 

1,724 

(589 

(1,129 

-99.0 

-65.5 

Other 

609 

712 

514 

(103 

198 

-14.5 

38.5 

Total 

5,731 

9,781 

7,602 

(4,050 

2,179 

-41.4 

28.7 

N/M - Not Meaningful 

2022 versus 2021 
 QNB, through its core banking business, generates various fees and service charges. Total non-interest income includes service charges on deposit accounts, ATM and debit card income, retail brokerage and advisory income, income on bank-owned life insurance, merchant income and gains and losses on investment securities and residential mortgage loans. Total non-interest income was 5,731,000 in 2022 compared with 9,781,000 in 2021, a decrease of 4,050,000. Excluding the unrealized (losses)gains on equity securities, gains(losses) on sales of investment securities and gains on sales of loans, noninterest income was 6,485,000 in 2022 compared to 6,454,000 in 2021, an increase of 31,000. 
 Fees for services to customers are primarily comprised of service charges on deposit accounts. These fees were 1,614,000 for 2022, an increase of 288,000 from 2021. Overdraft income, which represented approximately 78 and 72 of total fees for services to customers in 2022 and 2021, respectively, increased by 312,000, or 32.8 , when comparing 2022 to 2021. The increase in overdraft income primarily reflects an increase in the number of overdraft occurrences. 
 ATM and debit card income is primarily comprised of transaction income on debit cards and ATM cards and ATM surcharge income for the use of QNB s ATM machines by non-QNB customers. ATM and debit card income was 2,719,000 in 2022, an increase of 37,000, or 1.4 , from the amount recorded in 2021. Debit card interchange income increased 44,000, or 1.7 , to 2,664,000 in 2022, while ATM surcharge income and monthly card fees income decreased 7,000 to 55,000. The growth in checking accounts and card usage contributed to the increase in debit card income, including the QNB Rewards checking product, a tiered-rate checking account which requires, among other terms, the posting of a minimum of twelve debit card purchase transactions per statement cycle to receive the high interest rate. 
 QNB provides securities and advisory services under the name QNB Financial Services through an independent third-party registered Broker/Dealer and Registered Investment Advisor. QNB terminated its contract with its third-party broker-dealer effective August 1, 2018 and entered into a similar arrangement with another third-party provider. QNB Financial Services finalized the transferring of accounts to the new provider s platform during 2019. QNB receives a percentage of the revenue generated but is responsible for salaries and expenses of advisors who are QNB employees. Retail brokerage and advisory revenue was 788,000 for 2022 compared with 786,000 for 2021, an increase of 2,000, or 0.3 . Advisory fees increased 31,000 comparing 2022 to 2021. Sales in front-loaded products, such as annuities and alternative investments (which include private equity, hedge funds, managed futures, real estate 
 - 27 - 
 
 REITs , commodities and derivatives contracts) and trailing income related to these dec reased 29 ,000 in 20 2 2 over 20 2 1 . In 20 2 2 , the net income provided by QNB Financial Services was 210 ,000, compared with 206 ,000 in net income for 20 2 1 . 
 Income on bank-owned life insurance BOLI represents the earnings and death benefits on life insurance policies in which the Bank is the beneficiary. The insurance carriers reset the rates on these policies annually taking into consideration the interest rate environment as well as mortality costs. The existing policies have rate floors which limit how low the earnings rate can go. Some of these policies are currently at their floor. Income on these policies during 2022 was 361,000 compared to 497,000 for 2021 included in these numbers was a life insurance benefit of 46,000 realized during 2022 and a benefit of 193,000 realized during 2021. 
 Merchant income represents fees charged to merchants for the Bank s handling of credit card or charge sales. Merchant income was 394,000 for 2022, a decrease of 57,000, or 12.6 , from the amount reported in 2021. The decrease in merchant income is primarily a result of decreased usage. 
 The fixed-income securities portfolio represents a significant portion of QNB s earning assets and is also a primary tool in liquidity and asset/liability management. QNB actively manages its fixed-income portfolio to take advantage of changes in the shape of the yield curve, changes in spread relationships in different sectors, and for liquidity purposes. Management continually reviews strategies that will result in an increase in the yield or improvement in the structure of the investment portfolio, including monitoring credit and concentration risk in the portfolio. In addition, the Corporation owns a small portfolio of equity securities for the purpose of generating both dividend income and capital appreciation. 
 Net gains on sales of investment securities decreased 1,540,000 to a net gain of 266,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with a net gain of 1,806,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to market conditions which resulted in greater opportunities for profitable sales in 2021 compared with 2022. Gains from equity securities were 405,000 in 2022 compared to gains of 1,788,000 in 2021. Net losses/gains on the sale of fixed income securities were a net loss of 139,000 for 2022 compared to a net gain of 18,000 for 2021. Unrealized losses/gains on equity securities were unrealized losses of 1,026,000 recorded during 2022 compared to unrealized gains of 926,000 during 2021. 
 The net gain on residential mortgage sales is directly related to the volume of mortgages sold and the timing of the sales relative to the interest rate environment. Residential mortgage loans to be sold are identified at origination. The net gain on the sale of residential mortgage loans was 6,000 and 595,000 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mortgage financing activity was greater in 2021, as an improvement in rates prompted borrowers to purchase. Proceeds from the sale of residential mortgages were 304,000 and 16,773,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in the gains on the sale of residential mortgages in 2022 and 2021 are 2,000 and 122,000, respectively, related to the recognition of mortgage servicing assets. 
 QNB retains servicing rights for residential mortgages sold in the secondary market. A servicing fee is retained on all mortgage loans sold and serviced. QNB recognizes its obligation to service financial assets that are retained in a transfer of assets in the form of a servicing asset. The servicing asset is amortized in proportion to, and over, the period of net servicing income or loss. On a quarterly basis, servicing assets are assessed for impairment based on their fair value. Mortgage servicing income of 143,000 for 2022 and 102,000 for 2021 is included in other non-interest income. 
 Other non-interest income, excluding mortgage servicing income, was 466,000 for 2022, a decrease of 144,000 from the amount recorded in 2021. Other non-interest income included broker-dealer conversion costs reimbursements of 39,000 and 55,000 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other non-interest income included 37,000 in an anti-trust settlement in 2021. Title company income decreased 83,000 and letter of credit fees decreased 30,000 when comparing 2022 to 2021. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Total non-interest income was 7,602,000 in 2020 compared with 9,781,000 in 2021, an increase of 2,179,000. 
 Fees for services to customers are primarily comprised of service charges on deposit accounts. These fees were 1,326,000 for 2021, an increase of 11,000 from 2020. Overdraft income, which represented approximately 72 and 71 of total fees for services to customers in 2021 and 2020, respectively, increased by 20,000, or 2.2 , when comparing 2021 to 2020. 
 Advisory fees increased 175,000 comparing 2021 to 2020. Sales in front-loaded products, such as annuities and alternative investments (which include private equity, hedge funds, managed futures, real estate REITs , commodities and derivatives contracts) and trailing income related to these increased 30,000 in 2021 over 2020. In 2021, the net income provided by QNB Financial Services was 206,000, compared with 197,000 in net income for 2020. 
 - 28 - 
 
 BOLI i ncome during 2021 was 497,000 compared to 294,000 for 2020 there was a life insurance benefit of 193,000 realized during 2021 . 
 Merchant income was 451,000 for 2021, an increase of 34,000, or 8.28 , from the amount reported in 2020. 
 Net gains on sales of investment securities increased 1,197,000 to a net gain of 1,806,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with a net gain of 609,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to market conditions which resulted in greater opportunities for profitable sales in 2021 compared with 2020. Gains from equity securities were 1,788,000 in 2021 compared to gains of 585,000 in 2020. Net gains on the sale of fixed income securities were 18,000 for 2021 compared to 24,000 for 2020. Unrealized losses on equity securities of 47,000 were recorded during 2020 compared to unrealized gains 926,000 during 2021. 
 The net gain on the sale of residential mortgage loans was 595,000 and 1,724,000 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. Mortgage financing activity increased in 2020, as an improvement in rates prompted borrowers to purchase and continued to represent opportunities in 2021. Proceeds from the sale of residential mortgages were 16,773,000 and 35,605,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Included in the gains on the sale of residential mortgages in 2021 and 2020 are 122,000 and 249,000, respectively, related to the recognition of mortgage servicing assets. 
 Other non-interest income, excluding mortgage servicing income, was 610,000 for 2021, an increase of 137,000 from the amount recorded in 2020. Other non-interest income included broker-dealer conversion costs reimbursements of 55,000 and 66,000 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other non-interest income included 37,000 in an anti-trust settlement. Title company income increased 79,000 and letter of credit fees increased 45,000 when comparing 2021 to 2020. 
 Non-Interest Expense 

Non-interest expense comparison 

Change from prior year 

Change 

Change 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

2022 to 2021 

2021 to 2020 

Salaries and employee benefits 

17,306 

17,453 

16,541 

(147 

912 

-0.8 

5.5 

Net occupancy 

2,195 

2,228 

2,164 

(33 

64 

-1.5 

3.0 

Furniture and equipment 

2,917 

2,787 

2,750 

130 

37 

4.7 

1.3 

Marketing 

870 

922 

876 

(52 

46 

-5.6 

5.3 

Third party services 

2,474 

2,160 

1,923 

314 

237 

14.5 

12.3 

Telephone, postage and supplies 

748 

715 

736 

33 

(21 

4.6 

-2.9 

State taxes 

1,004 

1,013 

887 

(9 

126 

-0.9 

14.2 

FDIC insurance premiums 

768 

793 

569 

(25 

224 

-3.2 

39.4 

Other 

3,210 

2,926 

2,509 

284 

417 

9.7 

16.6 

Total 

31,492 

30,997 

28,955 

495 

2,042 

1.6 

7.1 

2022 versus 2021 
 Non-interest expense is comprised of costs related to salaries and employee benefits, net occupancy, furniture and equipment, marketing, third party services, FDIC insurance premiums, regulatory assessments and taxes and various other operating expenses. Total non-interest expense was 31,492,000 in 2022, an increase of 495,000, or 1.6 , from the 30,997,000 in 2021. QNB s overhead efficiency ratio, which represents the percentage of each dollar of revenue that is used for non-interest expense, is calculated by taking non-interest expense divided by net operating revenue (tax-equivalent net interest income plus non-interest income). QNB s efficiency ratios for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 61.8 , 58.9 , and 63.6 , respectively. The unfavorable increase in the 2022 efficiency ratio is primarily due to a reduction in tax-equivalent non-interest income of 4,050,000 in 2022 over 2021, partially offset by an increase in tax-equivalent interest income of 2,377,000 over the same period. 
 Salaries and benefits expense is the largest component of non-interest expense. QNB monitors, using various surveys, the competitive salary and benefit information in its markets and makes adjustments when appropriate. Salaries and benefits expense for 2022 was 17,306,000, a decrease of 147,000 compared with 17,453,000 reported in 2021. Salary expense and related payroll taxes for 2022 was 14,739,000, an increase of 35,000 compared with 14,704,000 reported in 2021. Included in salary expense in 2022 was incentive compensation plus related payroll taxes of 607,000, a 575,000 decrease over incentive compensation in 2021. Benefit expense for 2022 was 2,567,000, a decline of 182,000, or 6.6 , from the amount recorded in 2021. Medical premiums decreased 
 - 29 - 
 
 23 5 ,000 primarily due to a reduction in claims . Retirement plan matching and safe harbor increased 15 ,000 compared to 20 2 1 . QNB utilized unvested forfeited 401(k) contributions to offset retirement plan matching in 20 2 2 and 20 2 1 . 
 Net occupancy and furniture and equipment expense increased 97,000, to 5,112,000 when comparing 2022 to 2021, due primarily to increased software maintenance. 
 Marketing expense was 870,000 for 2022, a 52,000 decrease from the expense recorded in 2021. Advertising and sales promotions costs decreased 40,000. QNB s contributions and sponsorships for not-for-profit organizations, events and clubs in the communities it serves are included in public relations expense which decreased 9,000 in 2022. 
 Third party services are comprised of professional services, including legal, accounting, auditing and consulting services, as well as fees paid to outside vendors for support services of day-to-day operations. These support services include correspondent banking services, statement printing and mailing, investment security safekeeping and supply management services. Third party services increased 314,000 QNB incurred additional legal, consulting and other third-party services to implement core-processing software. 
 Telephone, postage and supplies expense increased 33,000 to 748,000 in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily due to higher transportation costs for supplies and mail delivery services. 
 The premium assessment formula for small institutions is based on asset growth and related risk assumptions determined by the FDIC as well as capital. Small institutions, for FDIC premium assessments purposes, are defined as those with total consolidated assets less than 10 billion. FDIC insurance premium expense decreased 25,000 in 2022. 
 State tax expense represents the payment of the Pennsylvania Shares Tax and Pennsylvania sales and use tax. State tax expense was 1,004,000 and 1,013,000 for the years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Pennsylvania Shares Tax is based primarily on the equity of the Bank. The decrease in Pennsylvania Shares Tax is a result of a lower apportionment factor in Pennsylvania. 
 Other operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased 284,000, or 9.7 . Checkcard expense increased 114,000 and employee travel, training, entertainment and membership fees collectively increased 100,000 as in-person events opened after the Covid-19 pandemic. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Total non-interest expense was 30,997,000 in 2021, an increase of 2,042,000, or 7.1 , from the 28,955,000 in 2020. Salaries and benefits expense for 2021 was 17,453,000, an increase of 912,000 compared with 16,541,000 reported in 2020. Salary expense and related payroll taxes for 2021 was 14,704,000, an increase of 942,000 compared with 13,762,000 reported in 2020. Included in salary expense in 2021 was incentive compensation plus related payroll taxes of 1,182,000, a 451,000 increase over incentive compensation in 2020. Benefit expense for 2021 was 1,544,000, a decline of 94,000, or 5.7 , from the amount recorded in 2020. Medical premiums decreased 151,000 primarily due to stop-loss adjustments. Retirement plan matching and safe harbor declined 18,000 compared to 2020. QNB utilized unvested forfeited 401(k) contributions to offset retirement plan matching in 2021 and 2020. 
 Net occupancy and furniture and equipment expense increased 101,000, to 5,015,000 when comparing 2021 to 2020, due primarily to increased software maintenance, additional building maintenance resulting from the COVID-19 Pandemic was recognized in 2021 and 2020. 
 Marketing expense was 922,000 for 2021, a 46,000 increase from the expense recorded in 2020. QNB s contributions and sponsorships for not-for-profit organizations, events and clubs in the communities it serves are included in public relations expense which increased 45,000 in 2021 many of these events were cancelled or postponed in 2020 due to the COVID-19 Pandemic.. 
 Third party services increased 237,000 QNB incurred additional legal, consulting and other third-party services to implement a new retail loan software. 
 Telephone, postage and supplies expense decreased 21,000 to 715,000 in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to an increase in supplies during 2020 related to the COVID-19 Pandemic. 
 - 30 - 
 
 FDIC insurance premium expense increased 224,000 in 2021 primarily due to asset growth . 
 State tax expense was 1,013,000 and 887,000 for the years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Pennsylvania Shares Tax is based primarily on the equity of the Bank. The increase in Pennsylvania Shares Tax is a result of growth of the Bank s capital. 
 Other operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 increased 417,000, or 16.6 . During 2020 there was reduced business development, travel, seminar and meeting expenses related to cancellations of events due to the COVID-19 Pandemic many of these activities returned in 2021. 
 Income Taxes 
 Applicable income tax expense and effective tax rates were 3,665,000, or 18.7 for 2022, 3,961,000, or 19.4 for 2021 and 2,562,000, or 17.5 for 2020. The primary reason for the decreased effective tax rate for 2022 over 2021 was due to the state taxes on the realized gains on equity sales securities in 2021. The primary reason for the increased effective tax rate for 2021 over 2020 2020 was due to the state taxes on the realized gains on equity sales securities in 2021. 
 QNB expects the effective tax rate in 2023 to be less than the 21 corporate rate, due to its holdings of tax-free assets, including municipal bonds, municipal loans, and life insurance contracts. For a more comprehensive analysis of income tax expense and deferred taxes, refer to Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Financial Condition 
 ASSETS 
 The following table presents total assets at the dates indicated: 

Change from prior year 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Cash and cash equivalents 

15,899 

13,390 

2,509 

18.7 

Investment securities AFS 

546,525 

692,360 

(145,835 

-21.1 

Investment equity securities 

12,056 

12,410 

(354 

-2.9 

Restricted investment in bank stocks 

5,193 

1,329 

3,864 

290.7 

Loans receivable 

1,039,385 

926,470 

112,915 

12.2 

Allowance for loan losses 

(10,531 

(11,184 

653 

5.8 

Premises and equipment, net 

15,463 

16,540 

(1,077 

-6.5 

Bank-owned life insurance 

11,625 

11,497 

128 

1.1 

Accrued interest receivable 

5,038 

4,104 

934 

22.8 

Other assets 

27,844 

6,424 

21,420 

333.4 

Total assets 

1,668,497 

1,673,340 

(4,843 

-0.3 

Cash and interest-earning deposits 
 Total cash and cash equivalents increased 2,509,000 to 15,899,000 at December 31, 2022 from 13,390,000 at December 31, 2021. QNB had interest-bearing balances at the Federal Reserve Bank of 880,000 compared with 2,931,000 and interest-bearing balances in a brokerage account of 353,000 compared with 1,234,000 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Net cash was provided by both operating and financing activities. The maturity, prepayment and sales of investment securities, proceeds received from deposit growth and proceeds from short-term borrowings more than offset loan growth and the purchases of investment securities. 
 
 Investment Securities and Other Short-Term Investments 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, QNB had no Federal funds sold. 
 QNB accounts for its investments by classifying securities into four categories. Debt securities that are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term are classified as trading securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. Debt securities that QNB has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as held-to-maturity securities and reported at amortized cost. Debt securities not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or trading securities are classified as available-for-sale securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, excluded 
 - 31 - 
 
 from earnings and reported as a separate component of shareholders equity. Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. Management determines the appropriate classification of securities at the time of purchase. 

Investment Portfolio History 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment Securities Available-for-Sale 

U.S. Treasuries 

301 

U.S. Government agency 

86,709 

97,499 

69,776 

State and municipal 

95,367 

131,035 

87,812 

U.S. Government agencies and sponsored enterprises (GSEs): 

Mortgage-backed 

256,161 

329,938 

175,847 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) 

101,672 

127,012 

94,948 

Corporate debt 

6,315 

6,876 

7,263 

Total investment securities available-for-sale 

546,525 

692,360 

435,646 

Equity Investments 

Equity 

12,056 

12,410 

12,849 

Total equity investments 

12,056 

12,410 

12,849 

Total investment securities 

558,581 

704,770 

448,495 

Investments Available-For-Sale Debt Securities 
 Available-for-sale investment securities include securities that management intends to use as part of its liquidity and asset/liability management strategy. These securities may be sold in response to changes in market interest rates, changes in the securities prepayment or credit risk, the need for liquidity, or growth in loan demand. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of investment debt securities available-for-sale was 546,525,000, or 102,692,000 less the amortized cost of 649,217,000. This compares to a fair value of 692,360,000, or 4,734,000 less the amortized cost of 697,094,000, at December 31, 2021. The available-for-sale portfolio had a weighted average maturity of approximately 7.2 years at December 31, 2022 and 5.7 years at December 31, 2021. The weighted average tax-equivalent yield was 1.68 and 1.56 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 81 of QNB s investment securities available-for-sale were either U.S. Government agency debt securities, U.S. Government agency issued mortgage-backed securities or CMOs. As of December 31, 2022, QNB held no securities of any one issue or any one issuer (excluding the U.S. Government and its agencies) that were in excess of 10 of shareholders equity. 
 The QNB investment portfolio represents a significant portion of earning assets and interest income. QNB actively manages the investment portfolio in an attempt to maximize earnings, while considering liquidity needs, interest rate risk and credit risk. The decrease of the investment portfolio as a percent of total assets in 2022 is due to a decrease in the fair value and loan growth. During 2022, 35,001,000 of investment securities available-for-sale were purchased compared with 385,926,000 during 2021. Proceeds from the sale of investment securities available-for-sale were 7,551,000 during 2022 compared with 282,000 during 2021. In addition to the proceeds from the sale of investment securities available-for-sale, proceeds from maturities, calls and prepayments were 72,965,000 in 2022 compared with 113,911,000 in 2021. 
 Treasury securities had a fair value of 301,000 at December 31, 2022 compared to no balances at December 31, 2021. Excess cash at the holding company was invested in short-term Treasury securities in 2022. 
 The balance of U.S. Government agency securities decreased 10,790,000 to 86,709,000 at December 31, 2022 and represents 15.9 of the available-for-sale investment portfolio, compared with 14.1 at December 31, 2021. U.S. Government agency issued CMO and MBS balances decreased 99,117,000 to 357,833,000 and represents 65.5 of the available-for-sale portfolio compared with 66.0 at December 31, 2021. These bonds provide monthly cash flow to be reinvested in either loans or other securities, potentially at higher yields as rates increase. 
 - 32 - 
 
 The balance of municipal securities de creased 35 , 668 , 000 to 95 , 367 ,000 at December 31, 20 2 2 , representing 17.4 of the available-for-sale portfolio compared with 18.9 at December 31, 20 2 1 . QNB focuses on the financial performance of the underlying issuer for municipal bond purchases in addition to the bond rating of the issuer or the rating of bond insurer , if present. Eight bonds were purchased with a book value of 4 , 627 ,000 20 bonds with a book value of 7 , 865 ,000 were called or matured in 20 2 2 and 20 bonds with a book value of 7,387,0000 were sold in 2022 . 
 QNB owns one collateralized debt obligations CDO in the form of a pooled trust preferred security and is included in the Corporate debt category. The security is comprised of securities issued by banks or bank holding companies. QNB owns the mezzanine tranche of this security. The security is structured so that the senior and mezzanine tranches are protected from defaults by over-collateralization and cash flow default protection provided by subordinated tranches. The trust preferred security the Bank continues to hold has a carrying balance of 53,000 at December 31, 2022 and represents the senior-most obligation of the trust. There was no credit-related other-than-temporary impairment charge during 2022, 2021 or 2020. Future estimates of fair value of the remaining security could require recording additional OTTI charges through earnings. For additional detail on these securities see Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The weighted average maturity is based on the stated contractual maturity or likely call date of all securities except for MBS and CMOs, which are based on estimated average life. The maturity of the portfolio could become shorter if interest rates decline and prepayments on MBS and CMOs increase or securities are called. However, the estimated average life could lengthen if interest rates were to increase and principal payments on MBS and CMOs slowed or securities anticipated to be called extend past their call date. 
 
 Investment Portfolio Maturities and Weighted Average Yields 

December 31, 2022 

One year 
 or less 

After one 
 year 
 through 
 five years 

After five 
 years 
 through 
 ten years 

After ten 
 years 

Total 

Investment Securities Available-for-Sale 

U.S. Treasuries 

Fair value 

301 

301 

Weighted average yield 

1.34 

1.34 

U.S. Government agency: 

Fair value 

23,420 

63,289 

86,709 

Weighted average yield 

0.76 

1.23 

1.10 

State and municipal: 

Fair value 

1,464 

15,535 

78,368 

95,367 

Weighted average yield 

3.45 

2.76 

2.11 

2.24 

Mortgage-backed: 

Fair value 

1 

48,304 

207,856 

256,161 

Weighted average yield 

2.79 

1.68 

1.59 

1.61 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs): 

Fair value 

187 

19,804 

81,681 

101,672 

Weighted average yield 

2.23 

1.87 

1.60 

1.65 

Corporate debt: 

Fair value 

1,957 

4,358 

6,315 

Weighted average yield 

2.30 

5.36 

4.41 

Total fair value 

489 

94,949 

372,719 

78,368 

546,525 

Weighted average yield 

1.68 

1.53 

1.62 

2.11 

1.68 

Securities are assigned to categories based on stated contractual maturity except for mortgage-backed securities and CMOs which are based on anticipated payment periods and state and municipal securities which are based on pre-refunded date, if applicable. Tax-exempt securities were adjusted to a tax-equivalent basis and are based on the marginal Federal corporate tax rate of 21 and a Tax Equity and Financial Responsibility Act TEFRA adjustment for the cost of funds. Weighted average yields on investment securities available-for-sale are based on amortized cost. 
 
 Investments in Equity Securities 
 Equity securities decreased 354,000 to 12,056,000 at December 31, 2022 from 12,410,000 at December 31, 2021. QNB sold 1,594,000 in equity securities for a net gain of 405,000 and purchased 1,860,000 in equities during 2022. 
 - 33 - 
 
 Increases and decrease s in the fair value of equity securities were recognized in net income , A t December 31, 2 02 2 , the fair value of the equity securities was 12 , 0 5 6 , 000, or 35 , 000 below the cost of 12 , 091 , 000 compared to 12,410,000, or 991,000 above the cost of 11,419,000 at December 31, 202 1 . 
 The equities portfolio comprises blue-chip large-capitalized stocks, providing a taxable equivalent dividend yield of 3.32 . The estimated cumulative contribution (realized and unrealized net gains (losses), plus dividends) of the equity portfolio to earnings per share from January 1, 2012 through December 31, 2022 is 2.39 per diluted share. Details of the equity portfolio s contribution to net income is detailed in the following table. 

Net Income (Expense) on Equity Securities 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Equity Securities: 

Tax-equivalent dividends 

244 

233 

249 

300 

274 

392 

437 

399 

Net gain (loss) on sales 

691 

758 

1,557 

(79 

1,781 

585 

1,788 

405 

OTTI 

(55 

(192 

(80 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Unrealized (loss) gain 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

(336 

770 

(47 

926 

(1,026 

Tax-equivalent income before tax 

880 

799 

1,726 

(115 

2,825 

930 

3,151 

(222 

Tax expense (benefit) 

357 

324 

701 

(33 

816 

269 

910 

(64 

Net income 

523 

475 

1,025 

(82 

2,009 

661 

2,241 

(158 

Earnings per share - basic 

0.16 

0.14 

0.30 

(0.02 

0.57 

0.19 

0.63 

(0.04 

Earnings per share - diluted 

0.16 

0.14 

0.30 

(0.02 

0.57 

0.19 

0.63 

(0.04 

Tax-equivalent yield 

3.35 

3.13 

3.49 

3.08 

3.31 

3.54 

3.02 

3.32 

Based on Federal tax rates of 34 for the 2015 and 2016 periods and 21 for the 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 periods. 

Loans 
 QNB s primary business is to accept deposits and to make loans to meet the credit needs of the communities it serves. Loans are the most significant component of earning assets, and growth in loans to small businesses and residents of these communities has been a primary focus of QNB. Inherent within the lending function is the evaluation and acceptance of credit risk and interest rate risk. QNB manages credit risk associated with its lending activities through portfolio diversification, underwriting policies and procedures and loan monitoring practices. 
 QNB has comprehensive policies and procedures that define and govern commercial and retail loan originations and the management of risk. All loans are underwritten in a manner that emphasizes the borrowers capacity to pay. The measurement of capacity to pay delineates the potential risk of non-payment or default. The higher potential for default determines the need for and amount of collateral required. QNB makes unsecured commercial loans when the capacity to pay is considered substantial. As capacity lessens, collateral is required to provide a secondary source of repayment and to mitigate the risk of loss. Various policies and procedures provide guidance to the lenders on such factors as amount, terms, price, maturity and appropriate collateral levels. Each risk factor is considered critical to ensuring that QNB receives an adequate return for the risk undertaken, and that the risk of loss is minimized. 
 QNB manages the risk associated with commercial loans by having lenders work in tandem with credit analysts while maintaining independence between personnel. In addition, a Bank loan committee and a committee of the Board of Directors review and approve certain loan requests on a weekly basis. Other than disclosed in the forthcoming Loan Portfolio Table, at December 31, 2022, there was a concentration of loans to lessors of residential buildings and dwellings of 20.0 of total loans and to lessors of nonresidential buildings of 22.5 of total loans, compared with 18.0 and 24.2 of total loans, respectively, at December 31, 2021. These concentrations were primarily within the commercial real estate categories. 
 - 34 - 
 
 QNB s commercial lending activity is focused on small businesses within the local community. Commercial purpose loans are generally perceived as having more risk of default than residential real estate loans with a personal purpose and consumer loans. These types of loans involve larger loan balances to a single borrower or group of related borrowers and are more susceptible to a risk of loss during a downturn in the business cycle. These loans may involve greater risk because the availability of funds to repay these loans depends on the successful operation of the borrower s business. The assets financed are used within the business for its ongoing operation. Repayment of these types of loans generally comes from the cash flow of the business or the ongoing conversions of assets, such as accounts receivable and inventory, to cash. Commercial and industrial loans represent commercial purpose loans that are either secured by collateral other than real estate or unsecured. 
 Commercial loans secured by commercial real estate include commercial purpose loans collateralized at least in part by commercial real estate. Some of these loans may not be for the express purpose of conducting commercial real estate transactions. Commercial loans secured by residential real estate are commercial purpose loans generally secured by the business owner s residence or residential investment properties owned by the borrower and rented to tenants. Commercial loans secured by either commercial real estate or residential real estate are originated primarily within the Eastern Pennsylvania market area, are within the Bank s underwriting criteria, and generally include the guarantee of the borrowers. Repayment of this kind of loan is dependent upon either the ongoing cash flow of the borrowing entity or the resale of or lease of the subject property. Commercial real estate and commercial construction loans may be affected to a greater extent than residential loans by adverse conditions in real estate markets or the economy because commercial real estate borrowers ability to repay their loans depends on successful development of their properties. 
 Loans to state and political subdivisions are tax-exempt or taxable loans to municipalities, school districts and housing and industrial development authorities. These loans can be general obligations of the municipality or school district repaid through their taxing authority, revenue obligations repaid through the income generated by the operations of the authority, such as a water or sewer authority, or loans issued to a housing and industrial development agency, for which a private corporation is responsible for payments on the loans. 
 The Company originates fixed rate and adjustable-rate residential real estate loans that are secured by the underlying 1-4 family residential properties. Credit risk exposure in this area of lending is minimized by the evaluation of the credit worthiness of the borrower, including debt-to-income ratios, credit scores and adherence to underwriting policies that emphasize conservative loan-to-value ratios of generally no more than 80 . To reduce interest rate risk, qualifying originations of fixed-rate loans to individuals for 1-4 family residential mortgages with maturities of 15 years or greater are generally sold in the secondary market. Mortgage loan origination activity decreased in 2022 with 298,000 in residential mortgages originated for sale during 2022, compared with 4,892,000 for 2021. There were no in residential mortgage loans held-for-sale at December 31, 2022 or at December 31, 2021. Loan held for sale are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or market. 
 The home equity portfolio consists of fixed-rate home equity loans and variable rate home equity lines of credit. These loans are often in a junior lien position and therefore carry a higher risk than first lien 1-4 family residential loans. Risks associated with loans secured by residential properties, either first lien residential mortgages or home equity loans and lines, are generally lower than commercial loans and include general economic risks, such as the strength of the job market, employment stability and the strength of the housing market. Since most loans are secured by a primary or secondary residence, the borrower s continued employment is the greatest risk to repayment. 
 The Company offers a variety of loans to individuals for personal and household purposes. Consumer loans are generally considered to have greater risk than loans secured by residential real estate because they may be unsecured, or, if they are secured, the value of the collateral may be difficult to assess or more likely to decrease in value than real estate. Credit risk in this portfolio is controlled by conservative underwriting standards that consider debt-to-income levels and the creditworthiness of the borrower, and, if secured, the value of the collateral. 
 Under the CARES Act, enacted on March 27, 2020, QNB continues to provide customers experiencing financial hardship caused by the COVID-19 Pandemic, solutions to help them through this difficult period. QNB had modified a total 305 commercial loans or 160,676,000 and 61 retail loans or 8,808,000 during 2020 due to COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, QNB had no modifications related to the COVID-19 Pandemic. QNB will continue to work with our borrowers during this difficult time. During 2020, the Bank originated 82,475,000 in PPP loans, enabling 660 businesses to maintain their payrolls and stay in operation. At December 31, 2020, QNB had 556 PPP loans totaling 72,821,000 reported in commercial and industrial loans. At December 31, 2021 there were 16 loans remaining outstanding under the 2020 originated PPP loans totaling 806,000 and related net originations fees were 11,000 which are recognized in interest income as a yield adjustment over the term of the loans. At December 31, 2022 there were three loans remaining outstanding under the 2020 originated PPP loans totaling 329,000 and related net originations fees were 1,000. 
 Under the Economic Aid Act, enacted on December 27, 2020, QNB originated additional first draw PPP loans and second draw PPP loans during 2021. QNB closed 315 loans totaling 35,021,000, including first draw loans of 2,781,000 and second draw loans of 32.241.000. There were 82 loans totaling 13,521,000 outstanding at December 31, 2021 and one loan totaling 2,000,000 at 
 - 35 - 
 
 December 31, 2022 . QNB received origination fees from the SBA ranging from a flat fee of 2,500 to five basis points which are recognized in interest income as a yield adjustment over the term of the loan. Net unearned fees and costs on these PPP loans was 471,000 at December 31, 2021 and 38,000 at December 31, 2022 . The PPP loan s are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. 
 Excluding PPP loans net of deferred fees at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, loans receivable would have increased 124,470,000, or 13.6 since year-end 2021 and 63,678,000, or 7.5 comparing year-end 2021 to year-end 2020. 
 Total loan receivables at December 31, 2022 were 1,039,385,000, an increase of 112,915,000, or 12.2 , from December 31, 2021. A key financial ratio, loans to deposits was 73.3 at December 31, 2022, compared with 63.9 at December 31, 2021. QNB continues to be committed to make loans available to credit worthy consumers and businesses. 

Loan Portfolio 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

160,875 

148,610 

227,431 

168,031 

162,452 

Construction 

62,955 

55,855 

57,594 

56,209 

50,135 

Secured by commercial real estate 

518,070 

451,404 

377,586 

336,050 

308,590 

Secured by residential real estate 

103,419 

84,741 

81,897 

72,443 

68,581 

State and political subdivisions 

20,971 

19,775 

25,302 

38,376 

43,737 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

105,654 

100,281 

82,739 

69,469 

67,453 

Home equity loans and lines 

63,580 

61,782 

63,943 

73,311 

77,475 

Consumer 

4,113 

4,699 

5,364 

6,530 

6,785 

Total loans 

1,039,637 

927,147 

921,856 

820,419 

785,208 

Net unearned costs (fees) 

(252 

(677 

(1,814 

197 

240 

Loans receivable 

1,039,385 

926,470 

920,042 

820,616 

785,448 

Loan Maturities and Interest Sensitivity 

Loans due after one year 

December 31, 2022 

One year 
 or less 

After one 
 year through 
 five years 

After 
 five through 15 years 

After 
 15 years 

Total 

With fixed predetermined interest rate 

With variable or adjustable interest rates 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

102,133 

40,841 

17,133 

768 

160,875 

35,301 

23,441 

Construction 

17,267 

12,998 

4,114 

28,576 

62,955 

1,571 

44,117 

Secured by commercial real estate 

12,626 

27,096 

166,917 

311,431 

518,070 

41,674 

463,770 

Secured by residential real estate 

1,411 

3,145 

29,868 

68,995 

103,419 

2,821 

99,187 

State and political subdivisions 

1,145 

15,199 

4,627 

20,971 

1,306 

19,665 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

130 

701 

14,091 

90,732 

105,654 

43,701 

61,823 

Home equity loans and lines 

5,240 

2,743 

17,041 

38,556 

63,580 

21,337 

37,003 

Consumer 

396 

1,450 

653 

1,614 

4,113 

1,767 

1,950 

Total 

139,203 

90,119 

265,016 

545,299 

1,039,637 

149,478 

750,956 

Demand loans and loans with no stated maturity are included in one year or less. Table details final maturity. 
 The Allowance for Loan Losses Allocation table on Page 39 shows the percentage composition of the loan portfolio over the past five years. There was little change in the composition of the portfolio between the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Loans secured by commercial real estate remained the largest sector of the portfolio amounting to 49.8 and 48.7 of the portfolio at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, as the balances in this sector grew by 66,666,000, or 14.8 , from 431,404,000 at December 31, 2021 to 518,070,000 at December 31, 2022. While loans secured by commercial real estate represent a significant portion of the total portfolio, the collateral is diversified, including investment properties, manufacturing facilities, office 
 - 36 - 
 
 buildings, hospitality properties, hospitals, retirement and nursing home facilities, warehouses and owner-occupied facilities. Commercial real estate loans have drawn the attention of the regulators in recent years as a potential source of risk. QNB monitors these types of loans closely, obtaining updated appraisals on loans classified substandard or worse. As detailed in the Allowance for Loan Losses table, QNB had no charge-offs in this category in 20 2 2 , 20 2 1 or 20 20 . 
 Commercial loans secured by residential real estate increased by 18,678,000, or 22.0 , to 103,419,000 at December 31, 2022 and at 9.9 represent a slightly higher share of the overall portfolio than the 9.2 at December 31, 2021. Some of the properties that serve as collateral for these loans are located outside the Bank s market area and have experienced vacancies and significant declines in market value in prior years. Non-accrual commercial loans secured by residential real estate were 285,000, 391,000, and 875,000 at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Charge-offs in this category have significantly decreased over the past three years. Net recoveries of 45,000 in 2022, compared to net charge-off of 17,000 in 2021 and net recoveries of 68,000 in 2020. In 2022, 41,000 in net recoveries were on out-of-market properties compared with 23,000 of the net charge-offs in 2021 and 64,000 of the net recoveries in 2020. 
 Commercial and industrial loans, the second largest sector of the portfolio, experienced an increase in balances of 12,265,000, or 8.3 , to 160,875,000 at December 31, 2022. This followed a decline in this category of 78,821,000, or 34.7 , in 2021. Excluding PPP loans, commercial and industrial loans increased 24,263,000, or 18.1 , in 2022 and increased 49,069,000, or 7.0 , in 2021. Commercial and industrial loans represented 15.5 of the portfolio at year-end 2022 compared with 16.0 at December 31, 2021. Excluding PPP loans, commercial and industrial loans represented 15.3 of the portfolio at year-end 2022 compared to 14.7 of the portfolio at year-end 2021. This category of loans generally presents a greater risk than loans secured by real estate since these loans are either secured by accounts receivable, inventory or equipment, or are unsecured. During 2022, nonaccrual commercial and industrial loan balances decreased 1,794,000 to 1,575,000, the majority of which is due to paydowns of 1,811,000. During 2021, nonaccrual commercial and industrial loan balances decreased 998,000 to 3,369,000, the majority of which is due to paydowns of 998,000. During 2020, nonaccrual commercial and industrial loan balances decreased 1,534,000 to 4,367,000, the majority of which is due to paydowns of 1,270,000 and the partial charge-off of three credits totaling of 263,000. In 2021, 2020 and 2019, there were charge-off of 0, 268,000 and 207,000, respectively. 
 Construction loans increased 12.7 to 62,955,000, or 6.1 of the portfolio at December 31, 2022, from 55,855,000, or 6.0 of the portfolio at December 31, 2021. These loans are primarily to developers and builders for the construction of residential units or commercial buildings or to businesses for the construction of owner-occupied facilities. This portfolio is diversified among different types of collateral including: 1-4 family residential construction, medical and retirement home facilities, office buildings, hotels and land for development loans. Construction loans are generally made only on projects that have municipal approval. These loans are usually originated to include a short construction period followed by permanent financing provided through a commercial mortgage after construction is complete. Once construction is complete, the balance is moved to the secured by commercial real estate category if the permanent financing is provided by the Bank. There were no charge-offs in the construction loan portfolio since 2011, and no construction loans on non-accrual since 2014. 
 Loans to state and political subdivisions increased 1,196,000, or 2.9 , to 20,971,000 at December 31, 2022 from 19,775,000 at December 31, 2021. This sector decreased to 2.0 of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 from 2.1 at December 31, 2021. Many municipalities, counties and school districts refinanced their existing bonds or bank debt due to rate. The decrease in 2021 in the above table was primarily due to one relationship lost during the end of 2021. 
 Residential mortgage loans secured by first lien balances increased by 5,373,000, or 5.4 , to 105,654,000 at December 31, 2022. This followed an increase of 17,542,000, or 21.2 , to 100,281,000, between December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021. In 2022 and 2021, QNB retained some adjustable and fixed rate mortgages to borrowers with high credit scores and low loan-to-value ratios. 
 Balances in home equity loans and lines increased 1,798,000, or 2.9 , to 63,580,000 at December 31, 2022. During 2022, QNB continued to offer very attractive rates on both variable and fixed rate home equity loans and lines. These attractive rates, along with excellent customer service, including quick turnaround time, resulted in new originations in home equity loans, however, paydowns and refinancing into mortgage loans contributed to the decline. QNB expects demand for home equity loans will increase as rates normalize and debt consolidation into mortgage loans decline. 
 Consumer loan balances decreased 586,000 to 4,113,000 at December 31, 2022. In 2013, QNB reentered the private student loan market through a relationship with a third party. These student loans are either fixed or variable rate with the rate dependent on the credit scores of the student and/or the cosigner. As of December 31, 2022 the balance of student loans was 2,180,000, a decrease of 256,000 compared with December 31, 2021. Student loan balances will decline, as their balances are no longer insured, and QNB ceased funding originations through the third party during 2019 and forward. 
 Non-Performing Assets 
 Non-performing assets include non-performing loans, OREO and repossessed assets. Non-performing assets totaled 9,121,000, or 0.55 of total assets at December 31, 2022, a 2,551,000 decrease over the 11,672,000, or 0.70 of total assets at December 31, 2021. 
 Total non-performing loans, which represent loans on non-accrual status, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest and troubled debt restructured loans were 9,121,000, or 0.88 of total loans receivable at December 31, 2022 compared with 
 - 37 - 
 
 11,672,000, or 1.26 of total loans receivable at December 31, 2021 . Loans on non-accrual status were 4 , 820 ,000 at December 31, 20 2 2 compared 7,530,000 at December 31, 2021 . The de c rease was primarily due to paydowns of 2, 288 ,000 , net charge-offs of 6 6 ,000 and loans returned to accruing of 519,000 partially offset by 163 ,000 being placed on nonaccrual of which 138 ,000 were due to retail relationships . S pecific impairment reserves have been established based on updated collateral values even if the borrower continues to pay in accordance with the terms of the agreement. Of the total amount of non-accrual loans at December 31, 20 2 2 , 3 , 345 , 000, or approximately 71 of the loans classified as non-accrual, are current or past due less than 30 days. 
 QNB had no loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing at December 31, 2022 or at December 31, 2021. Total loans that are 30 days or more past due decreased 1,804,000 to 2,439,000, representing 0.23 of total loans at December 31, 2022 compared with 4,243,000 and 0.46 of total loans at December 31, 2021. Restructured loans, as defined in accounting guidance for troubled debt restructuring in ASC 310-40, that have not already been included in loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing or in non-accrual loans, totaled 4,301,000 and 4,142,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 QNB held no OREO at December 31, 2022 or 2021. There were no repossessed assets as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Non-Performing Assets 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Loans past due 90 days or more and accruing 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Indirect lease financing 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total loans past due 90 days or more and accruing 

Non-accrual loans 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

1,575 

3,369 

4,367 

5,901 

3,179 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

2,031 

2,279 

2,905 

3,640 

1,965 

Secured by residential real estate 

289 

391 

875 

851 

1,102 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

461 

721 

636 

636 

940 

Home equity loans and lines 

402 

680 

752 

537 

166 

Consumer 

62 

90 

105 

139 

126 

Total non-accrual loans 

4,820 

7,530 

9,640 

11,704 

7,478 

Troubled debt restructured loans, not included above 

4,301 

4,142 

4,469 

4,760 

2,160 

Total non-performing assets 

9,121 

11,672 

14,109 

16,464 

9,638 

Total non-performing assets as a percent of total assets 

0.55 

0.70 

0.98 

1.34 

0.82 

Nonaccrual loans to total loans 

0.88 

1.26 

1.53 

2.01 

1.23 

Additional loan quality information can be found in Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Management s view is that loans classified as substandard or doubtful that are not included in the past due, non-accrual or restructured categories are potential problem loans. For some of these loans, management may have knowledge of possible credit problems that will cause management to question the ability of the borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms. Commercial loans classified as substandard or doubtful, which includes non-performing loans, continue to show improvement. At December 31, 2022, substandard or doubtful loans totaled 13,684,000, a decrease of 4,847,000, or 26.6 , from the 18,531,000, reported as of December 31, 2021. 
 - 38 - 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses represents management s best estimate of the known and inherent losses in the existing loan portfolio. Management believes that it uses the best information available to make determinations about the adequacy of the allowance and that it has established its existing allowance for loan losses in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles US GAAP ). The determination of an appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses is based upon an analysis of the risks inherent in QNB s loan portfolio. Management, in determining the allowance for loan losses, makes significant estimates and assumptions. Since the allowance for loan losses is dependent on conditions that may be beyond QNB s control, it is at least reasonably possible that management s estimates of the allowance for loan losses and actual results could differ. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review QNB s allowance for losses on loans. Such agencies may require QNB to recognize changes to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. Actual loan losses, net of recoveries, serve to reduce the allowance. 
 Management closely monitors the quality of its loan portfolio and performs a quarterly analysis of the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses and the level of unallocated reserves. This analysis considers a number of relevant factors including: specific impairment reserves, historical loan loss experience, general economic conditions, levels of and trends in delinquent and non-performing loans, levels of classified loans, trends in the growth rate of loans, and concentrations of credit. 
 Economic conditions, nationally and in QNB s market, improved in 2022 and asset quality remained strong. The allowance level stated as a percent of loans receivable decreased from 1.21 at December 31, 2021 to 1.01 at December 31, 2022. Excluding PPP loans, the allowance level stated as a percent of loans receivable was 1.23 at December 31, 2021 and 1.02 at December 31, 2022. PPP loans are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. The allowance for loan losses decreased to 10,531,000 at year-end 2022 from 11,184,000 at year-end 2021, due to the decrease in non-performing assets loans and improvements in credit quality. 

Allowance for Loan Losses Allocation 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Amount 

Percent 
 gross 
 loans 

Amount 

Percent 
 gross 
 loans 

Amount 

Percent 
 gross 
 loans 

Amount 

Percent 
 gross 
 loans 

Amount 

Percent 
 gross 
 loans 

Balance at end of period applicable to: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

1,316 

15.5 

3,368 

16.0 

4,050 

24.7 

4,689 

20.5 

3,092 

20.7 

Construction 

755 

6.1 

363 

6.0 

346 

6.2 

590 

6.8 

551 

6.4 

Secured by commercial real estate 

5,002 

49.8 

4,280 

48.7 

3,736 

41.0 

2,519 

41.0 

2,824 

39.3 

Secured by residential real estate 

1,240 

9.9 

1,035 

9.2 

871 

8.9 

629 

8.8 

754 

8.7 

State and political subdivisions 

94 

2.0 

69 

2.1 

89 

2.7 

115 

4.7 

153 

5.6 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

683 

10.2 

646 

10.8 

533 

9.0 

549 

8.5 

497 

8.6 

Home equity loans and lines 

437 

6.1 

376 

6.7 

386 

6.9 

310 

8.9 

338 

9.9 

Consumer 

502 

0.4 

542 

0.5 

265 

0.6 

230 

0.8 

164 

0.8 

Unallocated 

502 

505 

550 

256 

461 

Total 

10,531 

100.0 

11,184 

100.0 

10,826 

100.0 

9,887 

100.0 

8,834 

100.0 

Gross loans represent loans before unamortized net loan fees and costs. Percent gross loans lists the percentage of each loan type to total loans. 
 
 A loan is considered impaired, based on current information and events, if it is probable that QNB will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls may not be classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for commercial loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the recorded investment in loans for which impairment has been identified totaled 9,567,000 and 12,192,000, respectively, of which 4,943,000 and 4,633,000, respectively, required no specific allowance for loan loss. The recorded investment in impaired loans requiring an allowance for loan losses was 4,624,000 and 7,559,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 
 - 39 - 
 
 20 2 1 , the related allowance for loan losses associated with these loans was 696 ,000 and 2,873,000 , respectively. See Note 5 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional detail of impaired loans. 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Balance, January 1 

11,184 

10,826 

9,887 

8,834 

7,841 

Charge-offs 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

38 

268 

207 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

38 

51 

77 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

1 

Home equity loans and lines 

49 

17 

84 

Consumer 

158 

176 

282 

197 

112 

Total charge-offs 

196 

263 

550 

472 

274 

Recoveries 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

306 

92 

40 

33 

40 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

12 

10 

23 

Secured by residential real estate 

45 

21 

68 

123 

27 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

6 

7 

41 

15 

13 

Consumer 

36 

43 

78 

44 

34 

Total recoveries 

393 

163 

239 

225 

137 

Net charge-offs 

197 

(100 

(311 

(247 

(137 

Provision for loan losses 

(850 

458 

1,250 

1,300 

1,130 

Balance, December 31 

10,531 

11,184 

10,826 

9,887 

8,834 

Total loans (excluding loans held-for-sale) 

Average 

967,438 

928,017 

868,461 

811,413 

766,692 

Year-end 

1,039,385 

926,470 

920,042 

820,616 

785,448 

Ratios: 

Net charge-offs to: 

Average loans 

-0.02 

0.01 

0.04 

0.03 

0.02 

Loans at year-end 

-0.02 

0.01 

0.03 

0.03 

0.02 

Allowance for loan losses 

-1.87 

0.89 

2.87 

2.50 

1.55 

Provision for loan losses 

23.18 

21.83 

24.88 

19.00 

12.12 

Allowance for loan losses to: 

Average loans 

1.09 

1.35 

1.25 

1.22 

1.22 

Loans at year-end 

1.01 

1.21 

1.18 

1.20 

1.12 

Nonaccrual loans 

218.49 

148.53 

112.30 

84.48 

118.13 

QNB had net loan recoveries of 197,000, or 0.02 of average loans for 2022 compared to net charge-off of 100,000, or 0.01 of average loans for 2021 and 311,000, or 0.04 of average loans for 2020. The majority of charge-offs recorded during these periods had specific reserves established during the allowance for loan loss calculation process prior to the decision to charge-off the loan. The increase in commercial and industrial charge-offs in 2020 and 2019 was primarily related to a single relationship. 
 - 40 - 
 
 Management believes the allowance for loan losses of 1 0 , 531 , 000 is adequate as of December 31, 20 2 2 , in relation to the estimate of known and inherent losses in the portfolio. 
 Premises and equipment 
 Premises and equipment includes a right-of-use asset of 2,909,000 and 3,423,000 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2022 respectively. The discount rates used in determining the initial value of the right of use assets are based on the FHLB Amortizing Fixed Loan Rate for the term of each lease. QNB typically enters into lease agreements with an initial term of 5 to 10 years and subsequent additional optional terms in increments of 5 years. The lease agreements also contain termination options. None of the leases contain purchase options and none transfer the ownership of the leased asset. QNB has renewed one operating lease during 2022. QNB renewed one operating lease during 2021 and acquired the underlying assets of one of its leased properties. Operating lease liabilities are included with Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All operating lease costs are included in non-interest expense within Net occupancy on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Other premises and equipment, net of depreciation decreased 563,000 to 12,554,000 at December 31, 2022 this was primarily due to depreciation. 
 Other assets 
 Other assets increased 21,420,000 from 6,424,000 at December 31, 2021 to 27,844,000 at December 31, 2022. Most of the increase in other assets relates to a 20,628,000 increase to the deferred tax asset resulting from the fair value adjustment on investment securities available-for-sale of 20,571,000. The detail of the net deferred tax asset can be found in Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 LIABILITIES 
 The following table presents total liabilities at the dates indicated: 

Change from prior year 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Deposits 

1,418,369 

1,449,745 

(31,376 

-2.2 

Short-term borrowings 

161,327 

68,476 

92,851 

135.6 

Long-term debt 

10,000 

10,000 

N/M 

Accrued interest payable 

467 

211 

256 

121.3 

Other liabilities 

7,376 

8,414 

(1,038 

-12.3 

Total liabilities 

1,597,539 

1,536,846 

60,693 

3.9 

Deposits 
 QNB primarily attracts deposits from within its market area by offering various deposit products. These deposits are in the form of time deposits, which include certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts IRAs which have a stated maturity, and non-maturity deposit accounts, which include: non-interest-bearing demand accounts, interest-bearing demand accounts, money market accounts and savings accounts. 
 Total deposits decreased 31,376,000, or 2.2 , to 1,418,369,000 at December 31, 2022, due to the competitive local interest rate market for deposits. The mix of deposits continues to be impacted by customers reactions to the competition, regulations and the interest rate environment. Many customers are looking for transaction accounts that provide liquidity and pay a reasonable amount of interest, while others look for high rate. Time deposit balances increased 7,076,000, or 4.2 between 2021 and 2022, as customers took advantage of a higher rate environment. Customers appear to be looking for the safety of FDIC insured deposits and the stability of a strong local community bank. 
 Non-interest-bearing demand accounts decreased 11,157,000 to 231,849,000 at December 31, 2022. These deposits are both retail and commercial checking accounts and are volatile depending on the timing of deposits and withdrawals. QNB has been successful in attracting new customers and expanding relationships with existing customers, which provides an opportunity for fee income. 
 - 41 - 
 
 Interest-bearing demand accounts, retail and business interest - checking and municipal accounts , de creased 15 , 272 , 000, or 3.3 , to 4 52 , 927 ,000 at December 31, 20 2 2 . All three segments experienced a decline in 20 2 2 . QNB has been successful in developing relationships with several school districts and municipalities as well as expanding existing relationships, the balances in these accounts are seasonal in nature and can be volatile on a daily basis. Most of the school district taxes are collected during the third quarter of the year and are disbursed over a nine-month period. Business checking de creased from 67 , 069 ,000 at December 31, 202 1 to 6 6 , 606 ,000 at December 31, 20 2 2 . Retail checking accounts de creased 4 , 358 ,000, or 1 . 6 , to 2 67 , 980 ,000 at December 31, 20 2 2 . QNB continues to open a significant number of new checking accounts additionally, customers may choose to switch products. Rewards checking balances de creased 2, 437 ,000 from 107 , 470 ,000 at December 31, 202 1 to 105 , 033 ,000 at December 31, 20 2 2 , and personal interest-bearing balance s increased 1 , 147 , 000. The balances in the Select 50 product de creased 3 , 186 ,000 from 134,915,000 at December 31, 2021 to 13 1 , 729 , 000 at December 31, 20 2 2 . 
 Money Market accounts decreased from 143,942,000 at December 31, 2021 to 127,043,000 at December 31, 2022 primarily due to decreases in business account balances. 
 Total savings account balances increased 4,876,000, or 1.1 , to 431,101,000 at December 31, 2022. This increase is due primarily to an increase in Statement Savings of 3,604,000, or 3.5 , and an increase of 1,285,000, or 0.4 , in the online eSavings accounts over December 31, 2021. The rate on eSavings accounts was changed from 0.35 at the end of 2021 to 1.25 in 2022. 
 Total time deposit account balances were 175,449,000 at December 31, 2022, an increase of 7,076,000, or 4.2 , from the amount reported at December 31, 2021. QNB was able to retain many maturing deposits during 2022 by offering competitive rates and many current customers move balances from more liquid accounts to take advantage of these rates. 

Maturity of Time Deposits of 250,000 or More 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Three months or less 

3,287 

4,749 

9,150 

Over three months through six months 

3,579 

4,224 

4,318 

Over six months through twelve months 

7,645 

7,395 

7,284 

Over twelve months 

9,959 

8,619 

8,767 

Total 

24,470 

24,987 

29,519 

To continue to attract and retain deposits, QNB plans to remain competitive with respect to rates and to continue to deliver products with terms and features that appeal to customers. The QNB Rewards checking accounts and time deposits are examples of such products. 
 
 The following table presents trends in balances and yield on the major deposit groups. 

Average Deposits by Major Classification 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance 

Rate 

Balance 

Rate 

Balance 

Rate 

Demand, non-interest bearing 

242,778 

236,511 

186,897 

Interest-bearing demand 

345,054 

0.27 

307,258 

0.20 

252,050 

0.26 

Municipals interest-bearing demand 

122,824 

1.43 

127,828 

0.32 

119,673 

0.57 

Money market 

137,830 

0.45 

122,361 

0.31 

90,989 

0.45 

Savings 

443,104 

0.49 

386,630 

0.30 

288,285 

0.40 

Time less than 100 

91,216 

0.79 

98,986 

0.93 

113,647 

1.41 

Time 100 through 250 

52,314 

0.93 

52,693 

0.86 

65,840 

1.54 

Time greater than 250 

25,296 

0.83 

26,833 

0.96 

33,030 

1.65 

Total 

1,460,416 

0.47 

1,359,100 

0.31 

1,150,411 

0.53 

Short-term borrowings 
 Short-term borrowings comprising commercial sweep accounts and overnight FHLB borrowings increased 92,851,000, or 135.6 , to 161,327,000 at December 31, 2022. There were no overnight FHLB borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 92,018,000 at December 31, 2022. The FHLB borrowings were used to support loan growth. 
 Long-term debt 
 Long-term debt comprises of 10,000,0000 in FHLB borrowings. During 2020, QNB borrowed long-term debt of 10,000,000 at fixed rates to lock in at a lower yield than the overnight borrowing costs at that time. 
 - 42 - 
 
 Other liabilities 
 Other liabilities comprise accrued expenses including salaries, post-retirement life insurance benefits and income taxes, operating lease liability, deferred revenue, and ATM/debit card processing clearing. These balances decreased 1,038,000, to 7,376,000 at December 31, 2022. 
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 The following table presents total shareholders equity at the dates indicated: 

Change from prior year 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Percent 

Common stock 

2,373 

2,350 

23 

1.0 

Surplus 

24,798 

23,683 

1,115 

4.7 

Retained earnings 

128,951 

118,163 

10,788 

9.1 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

(81,127 

(3,740 

(77,387 

N/M 

Treasury stock 

(4,037 

(3,962 

(75 

1.9 

Total shareholders' equity 

70,958 

136,494 

(65,536 

-48.0 

Total shareholders equity decreased 65,536,000, or 48.0 , to 70,958,000 at December 31, 2022 with the negative impact of the market value of available-for-sale securities, net of tax, adjustment contributing 77,387,000. This was partially offset with retained earnings (net income less dividends paid) contributing 10,788,000 and the dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan, employee stock purchase plan and stock option plan contributing 1,138,000. During 2022, QNB purchased 75,000 in treasury stock. 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss decreased from a loss of 3,740,000 to a loss of 81,127,000, resulting from the decrease in fair value of the available-for-sale investment portfolio primarily due to a decline in market values. 
 
 QNB offers a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the Plan to provide participants a convenient and economical method for investing cash dividends paid on the Company s common stock in additional shares. The Plan also allows participants to make additional cash purchases of stock. Stock purchases under the Plan contributed 917,000 and 841,000 to capital during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to 200,000 shares of QNB s common stock in open market or privately 
 negotiated transactions. The repurchase authorization does not bear a termination date. During 2022, 2,000 shares were repurchased at an average price of 37.07. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 102,000 shares were repurchased under this authorization at an average price of 24.93 and a total cost of 2,543,000. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity represents an institution s ability to generate cash or otherwise obtain funds at reasonable rates to satisfy demand for loans and deposit withdrawals. QNB attempts to manage its mix of cash and interest-bearing balances, Federal funds sold and investment securities to match the volatility, seasonality, interest sensitivity and growth trends of its loans and deposits. The Company manages its liquidity risk by measuring and monitoring its liquidity sources and estimated funding needs. Liquidity is provided from asset sources through repayments and maturities of loans and investment securities. The portfolio of investment securities classified as available for sale and QNB's policy of selling certain residential mortgage originations in the secondary market also provide sources of liquidity. Core deposits and cash management repurchase agreements have historically been the most significant funding source for QNB. These deposits and repurchase agreements are generated from a base of consumers, businesses and public funds primarily located in the Company s market area. 
 - 43 - 
 
 An additional source of liquidity is provided by the Bank s membership in the FHLB. At December 31, 202 2 , the Bank s total maximum borrowing capacity at the FHLB was 3 96 , 973 ,000 of which 294 , 496 ,000 remained available. The Bank had 10,000,000 in long-term debt over-night funds of 92,018,000 outstanding at year-end 202 2 , related interest payable of 92 ,000, and 350,000 in FHLB-issued letters of credit. The maximum borrowing capacity changes depending upon the Bank s level of qualifying collateral assets. In addition, the Bank maintains five unsecured Federal funds lines with five correspondent banks totaling 101,000,000. At December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 , there were no outstanding borrowings under these lines. Future availability under these lines is subject to the policies of the granting banks and may be withdrawn. As part of its contingency funding plan, QNB successfully tested its ability to borrow from these sources during 202 2 . 
 Total cash and cash equivalents, equity and available-for-sale securities and loans held-for-sale totaled 574,480,000 at December 31, 2022 and 718,160,000 at December 31, 2021, of which 237,645,000 and 264,154,000, respectively, were pledged as collateral for repurchase agreements and public deposits. This decrease in liquid sources is primarily the result of the market value decline in available-for-sale securities. Management anticipates that these liquid sources are adequate to meet normal fluctuations in loan demand or deposit withdrawals. It is anticipated that the investment portfolio will continue to provide sufficient liquidity as municipal bonds are called and as principal and interest payments on mortgage-backed and CMO securities provide steady cash flow. Increases in interest rates, however, result in decreased cash flow available from the investment portfolio. 
 QNB is a member of the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services CDARS program offered by the Promontory Interfinancial Network, LLC. CDARS is a funding and liquidity management tool used by banks to access funds and manage their balance sheet. It enables financial institutions to provide customers with full FDIC insurance on time deposits over 250,000 that are placed in the program. QNB also has available Insured Cash Sweep ICS ), another program through Promontory Interfinancial Network, LLC, which is a product similar to CDARS, but one that provides liquidity like a money market or savings account. QNB had 11,284,000 in CDARS time deposits at December 31, 2022. 
 Capital Resources 
 A strong capital position is fundamental to support continued growth and profitability and to serve the needs of depositors. QNB s shareholders equity at December 31, 2022 was 70,958,000, or 4.25 of total assets, compared with shareholders equity of 136,494,000, or 8.16 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. Shareholders equity at December 31, 2022 included a negative 81,127,000 related to unrealized holding losses, net of taxes, on investment securities available for sale, compared to a negative 3,740,000 related to unrealized holding losses, net of taxes, on investment securities available for sale at December 31, 2021. Excluding these adjustments, shareholders equity to total assets would have been 8.69 and 8.36 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Average shareholders equity and average total assets were 146,088,000 and 1,710,449,000 for 2022, an increase of 8.0 and 7.9 , respectively, from 2021 average equity and average total assets of 135,324,000 and 1,585,627,000, respectively. The ratio of average total equity to total average assets was 8.54 for 2022, compared with 8.53 for 2021. 
 QNB is subject to restrictions on the payment of dividends to its shareholders pursuant to the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988 as amended (the BCL). The BCL operates generally to preclude dividend payments, if the effect thereof would render QNB insolvent, as defined. As a practical matter, QNB s payment of dividends is contingent upon its ability to obtain funding in the form of dividends from the Bank. Under Pennsylvania banking law, the Bank is subject to certain restrictions on the amount of dividends that it may declare without prior regulatory approval. At December 31, 2022, the retained earnings of the Bank totaling 122,052,000 was available for dividends without prior Pennsylvania Department of Banking approval, subject to the regulatory capital requirements discussed below. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, an insured depository institution may not pay a dividend if, after the payment of the dividend, the institution would be undercapitalized under the FDIC s prompt corrective action rules. In addition, federal banking agencies have the authority to restrict dividend payments under certain circumstances if such payments are not consistent with the capital needs and financial condition of the institution. It is the policy of the Federal Reserve that a bank holding company generally should not maintain its existing rate of cash dividends on common stock unless the net income available to common shareholders over the prior four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the company s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. QNB paid dividends to its shareholders of 1.44 per share, 1.40 per share, and 1.36 per share, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 QNB is subject to various regulatory capital requirements as issued by Federal regulatory authorities. Regulatory capital is defined in terms of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2. Risk-based capital ratios are expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets. Risk-weighted assets are determined by assigning various weights to all assets and off-balance sheet arrangements, such as letters of credit and loan commitments, based on associated risk. QNB is subject to various regulatory capital requirements as issued by Federal regulatory authorities. 
 - 44 - 
 
 M inimum requirements for both the quantity and quality of capital held by banks are as follows: C ommon equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6.0 Total Capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0 and Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0 . The capital conservation buffer, comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital, was e stablished above the regulatory minimum capital requirements at 2.5 . 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 established five capital level designations for insured institutions ranging from well capitalized to critically undercapitalized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, management believes that the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject and have met the well capitalized criteria. 

Capital Analysis 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Regulatory Capital 

Shareholders' equity 

70,958 

136,494 

Net unrealized securities losses, net of tax 

81,127 

3,740 

Deferred tax assets on net operating loss 

Disallowed goodwill and other disallowed intangible assets 

(8 

(8 

Common equity tier I capital 

152,077 

140,226 

Tier 1 capital 

152,077 

140,226 

Allowable portion: Allowance for loan losses and reserve for 
 unfunded commitments 

10,648 

11,275 

Total regulatory capital 

162,725 

151,501 

Risk-weighted assets 

1,233,758 

1,113,887 

Quarterly average assets for leverage capital purposes 

1,737,671 

1,672,259 

Capital Ratios 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Common equity tier I capital / risk-weighted assets 

12.33 

12.59 

Tier 1 capital / risk-weighted assets 

12.33 

12.59 

Total regulatory capital / risk-weighted assets 

13.19 

13.60 

Tier 1 capital / average assets (leverage ratio) 

8.75 

8.39 

Material Cash Requirements from Known Contractual and Other Obligations 
 QNB has various financial obligations, including contractual obligations and commitments, which may require future cash payments. 
 The following table presents, as of December 31, 2022, significant contractual obligations to third parties by payment date and the amounts and expected maturities of significant commitments. Further discussion of the nature of each obligation can be found in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company s reserve for unfunded commitments totaled 117,000 at December 31, 2022 compared to 91,000 at December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2022 

One year 
 or less 

After one 
 year 
 through 
 three years 

After three 
 years 
 through 
 five years 

After 
 five years 

Total 

Time deposits 

85,267 

61,954 

28,228 

175,449 

Short-term borrowings 

161,327 

161,327 

Long-term debt 

10 

10 

Operating leases 

569 

931 

555 

2,433 

4,488 

Commitments to extend credit (a) 

189,275 

77,669 

13,107 

59,261 

339,312 

Standby letters of credit 

17,800 

1,712 

19,512 

Total 

454,248 

142,266 

41,890 

61,694 

700,098 

(a) 
 
 Includes available amounts for overdraft protection program in one year or less 

- 45 - 

Commitments to extend credit, including loan commitments, standby letters of credit, and commercial letters of credit do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, as these commitments often expire without being drawn upon. The Company does not currently have any commitments for significant capital expenditures or other purchase obligations. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of recently issued accounting standards. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Disclosure of the Company s significant accounting policies is included in Note 1 to Consolidated Financial Statements. Additional information is contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the most sensitive of these issues. The discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based on the Consolidated Financial Statements of QNB, which are prepared in accordance with US GAAP and predominant practices within the banking industry. The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements requires QNB to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. QNB evaluates estimates on an on-going basis, including those related to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, the determination of the valuation of other real estate owned, other-than-temporary impairments on investment securities, the determination of impairment of restricted bank stock, the valuation of deferred tax assets, stock-based compensation and income taxes. QNB bases its estimates on historical experience and various other factors and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Other-than-Temporary Investment Security Impairment 
 Securities are evaluated periodically to determine whether a decline in their value is other-than-temporary. Management utilizes criteria such as the magnitude and duration of the decline, in addition to the reasons underlying the decline, to determine whether the loss in value is other-than-temporary. The term other-than-temporary is not intended to indicate that the decline is permanent but indicates that the prospect for a near-term recovery of value is not necessarily favorable, or that there is a lack of evidence to support a realizable value equal to or greater than the carrying value of the investment. 
 The Company follows the accounting guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 320-10 as it relates to the recognition and presentation of other-than-temporary impairment OTTI ). This accounting guidance specifies that (a) if a company does not have the intent to sell a debt security prior to recovery and (b) it is more likely than not that it will not have to sell the debt security prior to recovery, the security would not be considered other-than-temporarily impaired unless there is a credit loss. When an entity does not intend to sell the security, and it is more likely than not, the entity will not have to sell the security before recovery of its cost basis, it will recognize the credit component of an other-than-temporary impairment of a debt security in earnings and the remaining portion in other comprehensive income. For held to maturity debt securities, the amount of an other-than-temporary impairment recorded in other comprehensive income for the non-credit portion of a previous other-than-temporary impairment should be amortized prospectively over the remaining life of the security on the basis of the timing of future estimated cash flows of the security. For equity securities without a readily determinable market value, once a decline in value is determined to be other-than-temporary, the value of the equity security is reduced to fair value and a corresponding charge to earnings is recognized. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 QNB considers that the determination of the allowance for loan losses involves a higher degree of judgment and complexity than its other significant accounting policies. The allowance for loan losses is calculated with the objective of maintaining a level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb probable known and inherent losses in the outstanding loan portfolio. The allowance is reduced by actual credit losses and is increased by the provision for loan losses and recoveries of previous losses. The provisions for loan losses are charged to earnings to bring the total allowance for loan losses to a level considered necessary by management. 
 The allowance for loan losses is based on management s continual review and evaluation of the loan portfolio. The level of the allowance is determined by assigning specific reserves to individually identified problem credits and general reserves to all other loans. The portion of the allowance that is allocated to impaired loans is determined by estimating the inherent loss on each credit after giving consideration to the value of underlying collateral. The general reserves are based on the composition and risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, including the nature of the loan portfolio, credit concentration trends, delinquency and loss experience, as well as other qualitative factors such as current economic trends. 
 Management emphasizes loan quality and close monitoring of potential problem credits. Credit risk identification and review processes are utilized in order to assess and monitor the degree of risk in the loan portfolio. QNB s lending and credit administration staff are charged with reviewing the loan portfolio and identifying changes in the economy or in a borrower s circumstances which 
 - 46 - 
 
 may affect the ability to repay debt or the value of pledged collateral. A loan classification and review system exists that identifies those loans with a higher-than-normal risk of collection. Each commercial loan is assigned a grade based upon an assessment of the borrower s financial capacity to service the debt and the presence and value of collateral for the loan. An independent loan review group tests risk assessments and evaluates the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Management meets monthly to review the credit quality of the loan portfolio and quarterly to review the allowance for loan losses. 
 In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review QNB s allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require QNB to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. Management believes that it uses the best information available to make determinations about the adequacy of the allowance and that it has established its existing allowance for loan losses in accordance with US GAAP. If circumstances differ substantially from the assumptions used in making determinations, future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary and results of operations could be affected. Because future events affecting borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, increases to the allowance may be necessary should the quality of any loans deteriorate as a result of the factors discussed above. 
 Foreclosed Assets 
 Assets acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure are held for sale and are initially recorded at fair value less cost to sell at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Revenue and expenses and changes in the valuation allowance are included in net expenses from foreclosed assets. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 QNB sponsored stock-based compensation plans, administered by a Board committee, under which both qualified and nonqualified stock options may be granted periodically to certain employees. QNB accounts for all awards granted under stock-based compensation plans in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . Compensation cost has been measured using the fair value of an award on the grant date and is recognized over the service period, which is usually the vesting period. The fair value of each option is amortized into compensation expense on a straight-line basis between the grant date for the option and each vesting date. QNB estimates the fair value of stock options on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The model requires the use of numerous assumptions, many of which are highly subjective in nature. 
 Income Taxes 
 QNB accounts for income taxes under the asset/liability method in accordance with income tax accounting guidance, ASC 740 Income Taxes . Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established against deferred tax assets when, in the judgment of management, it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not become available. Because the judgment about the level of future taxable income is dependent to a great extent on matters that may, at least in part, be beyond QNB s control, it is at least reasonably possible that management s judgment about the need for a valuation allowance for deferred taxes could change in the near term. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk reflects the risk of economic loss resulting from changes in interest rates and market prices. QNB s primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk and liquidity risk. QNB s liquidity position was discussed in a prior section. 
 QNB s largest source of revenue is net interest income, which is subject to changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk management seeks to minimize the effect of interest rate changes on net interest margins and interest rate spreads and to provide growth in net interest income through periods of changing interest rates. QNB s Asset/Liability and Investment Management Committee ALCO is responsible for managing interest rate risk and for evaluating the impact of changing interest rate conditions on net interest income. 
 QNB uses computer simulation analysis to measure the sensitivity of projected earnings to changes in interest rates. Simulation considers current balance sheet volumes and the scheduled repricing dates, instrument level optionality, and maturities of assets and liabilities. It incorporates assumptions for growth, changes in the mix of assets and liabilities, prepayments, and average rates earned and paid. Based on this information, management uses the model to project net interest income under multiple interest rate scenarios. 
 - 47 - 
 
 A balance sheet is considered liability sensitive when its liabilities (deposits and borrowings) reprice faster or to a greater extent than its earning assets (loans and securities). A liability sensitive balance sheet will produce relatively less net interest income when interest rates rise and more net interest income when they decline. Based on our simulation analysis, management believes QNB s interest sensitivity position at December 31, 202 2 is liability sensitive. Management expects market interest rates to increase in the next 12 months, based on the economic environment and policy of the Federal Reserve. 
 The following table shows the estimated impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 assuming instantaneous rate shocks, and consistent levels of assets and liabilities. Net interest income for the subsequent twelve months is projected to decrease when interest rates are higher than current rates. 

Estimated change in net interest income 

Change in interest rates 

December 31, 

(basis points) 

2022 

2021 

+200 

-9.4 

-11.4 

+100 

-4.7 

-5.5 

-100 

4.1 

0.0 

-200 

6.1 

-5.9 

-300 

6.6 

-11.8 

Computations of future effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions and should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results. Assets and liabilities may react differently than projected to changes in market interest rates. The interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag changes in market interest rates. Interest rate shifts may not be parallel. 
 Changes in interest rates can cause substantial changes in the amount of prepayments of loans and mortgage-backed securities, which may in turn affect QNB s interest rate sensitivity position. Additionally, credit risk may rise if an interest rate increase adversely affects the ability of borrowers to service their debt. 
 QNB is not subject to foreign currency exchange or commodity price risk. At December 31, 2022, QNB did not have any hedging transactions in place such as interest rate swaps, caps or floors. 

- 48 - 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The following audited financial statements are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the following pages: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm : Baker Tilly US, LLP (PCAOB ID Iselin, NJ 
 
 Page 51 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Page 53 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 Page 54 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Page 55 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 
 Page 56 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Page 57 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page 58 

- 49 - 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 March 14, 2023 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, in relation to criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting as described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting is effective and meets the criteria of the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). 

/s/ David W. Freeman 

/s/ Jeffrey Lehocky 

David W. Freeman 

Jeffrey Lehocky 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

- 50 - 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors of QNB Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of QNB Corp. and subsidiary (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses Qualitative Factor Adjustments 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As disclosed in Notes 1 and 5 to the Company's consolidated financial statements, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses that is intended to absorb probable known and inherent losses in the outstanding loan portfolio based on management's continuing review and evaluation of the loan portfolio. As described in the notes, the allowance for loan losses consists of specific and general reserve components in order to estimate losses that have been incurred as of the consolidated balance sheet date. The general component is determined through historical loss rates based on loan type and qualitative factor adjustments for changes not reflected in historical losses. 
 
 The determination of qualitative factor adjustments involves a high degree of management judgment including consideration of the following internal and external factors: changes in lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off, and recovery practices, changes in legal and regulatory requirements, changes in economic and business conditions, changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, changes in the experience or ability of lending management, changes in the volume of past due, classified and nonaccrual loans, changes in the quality of the Company's loan review system, changes in oversight 
 - 51 - 
 
 by the Company's board of directors, the effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic and the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit. Changes to these factors could have a material impact on the Company's financial results. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses is an accounting estimate with significant measurement uncertainty and involves the application of significant judgement by management. Therefore, a high degree of auditor judgement and significant auditor effort was required in evaluating the audit evidence obtained related to the qualitative factor adjustments used by management in the calculation. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls related to the evaluation of the assumptions and inputs used to evaluate the qualitative factors. This testing included controls addressing management s review of the completeness and accuracy of underlying data inputs used as the basis for determination of qualitative factor adjustments. 
 Substantively testing the appropriateness of the judgements and assumptions used in management's estimation process for developing the qualitative factor adjustments, including: 

Assessing whether all relevant factors have been considered that affect the collectability of the loan portfolio 

Evaluation of the relevance and reliability of underlying internal and external data inputs used as a basis for the qualitative loss factor adjustments and corroboration of these inputs by comparison to the Company's lending practices, historical loan portfolio performance, and third-party macroeconomic data 

Evaluation of the accuracy of risk ratings, including loan modifications 

Recalculation of the allowance for loan loss and allocation of qualitative loss factors to the appropriate loan segments 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007. 

March 14, 2023 
 - 52 - 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-bearing deposits in banks 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Investment securities: 

Available-for-sale (amortized cost and 

Equity securities (cost of and 

Restricted investment in bank stocks 

Loans receivable 

Allowance for loan losses 

Net loans 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Premises and equipment, net 

Accrued interest receivable 

Net deferred tax assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Deposits 

Demand, non-interest bearing 

Interest-bearing demand 

Money market 

Savings 

Time less than 100 

Time 100 through 250 

Time greater than 250 

Total deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Long-term debt 

Accrued interest payable 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders' Equity 

Common stock, par value per share authorized shares 
 shares and shares issued and shares outstanding 

Surplus 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Treasury stock, at cost and shares 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

- 53 - 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income 

Interest and fees on loans 

Interest and dividends on investment securities (AFS & Equity): 

Taxable 

Tax-exempt 

Interest on interest-bearing balances and other interest income 

Total interest income 

Interest expense 

Interest on deposits 

Interest-bearing demand 

Money market 

Savings 

Time less than 100 

Time 100 through 250 

Time greater than 250 

Interest on short-term borrowings 

Interest on long-term debt 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Non-interest income 

Net unrealized (loss) gain on investment equity securities 

Net gain on sale of investment securities 

Net gain on investment securities 

Fees for services to customers 

ATM and debit card 

Retail brokerage and advisory 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Merchant 

Net gain on sale of loans 

Other 

Total non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Net occupancy 

Furniture and equipment 

Marketing 

Third party services 

Telephone, postage and supplies 

State taxes 

FDIC insurance premiums 

Other 

Total non-interest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Earnings per share - basic 

Earnings per share - diluted 

Cash dividends per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 - 54 - 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Before 
 tax 
 amount 

Tax 
 expense 
 (benefit) 

Net of 
 tax 
 amount 

Before 
 tax 
 amount 

Tax 
 expense 
 (benefit) 

Net of 
 tax 
 amount 

Before 
 tax 
 amount 

Tax 
 expense 
 (benefit) 

Net of 
 tax 
 amount 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss)/income: 

Net unrealized holding (losses)/gains on available-for-sale securities: 

Unrealized holding (losses)/gains arising during the period 

Reclassification adjustment for losses/(gains) included in net income 

Total comprehensive (loss) income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

- 55 - 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Number of 

Other 

Shares 

Common 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Treasury 

Outstanding 

Stock 

Surplus 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Stock 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Cash dividends declared per share) 

Treasury stock purchase 

Stock issued in connection with dividend 
 reinvestment and stock purchase plan 

Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 

Stock issued for options exercised 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Cash dividends declared per share) 

Treasury stock purchase 

Stock issued in connection with dividend 
 reinvestment and stock purchase plan 

Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 

Stock issued for options exercised 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Cash dividends declared per share) 

Treasury stock purchase 

Stock issued in connection with dividend 
 reinvestment and stock purchase plan 

Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 

Stock issued for options exercised 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

- 56 - 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for loan losses 

Net gain on sales of investment debt and equity securities 

Net unrealized loss (gain) on equity securities 

Net gain on sale of loans 

Proceeds from sales of residential mortgages held-for-sale 

Origination of residential mortgages held-for-sale 

Income on bank-owned life insurance 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Deferred income tax (benefit) provision 

Net (decrease) increase in income taxes payable 

Net (increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable 

Amortization of mortgage servicing rights and change in valuation 
 allowance 

Net amortization of premiums and discounts on investment securities 

Net increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable 

Operating lease payments 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

(Decrease) increase in other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Proceeds from payments, maturities and calls of investment debt securities 
 available-for-sale 

Proceeds from the sale of investment securities available-for-sale 

Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from the sale of equity securities 

Purchases of equity securities 

Proceeds from redemption of investment in restricted bank stock 

Purchase of restricted bank stock 

Net increase in loans 

Net purchases of premises and equipment 

Redemption of Bank Owned Life Insurance investment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing Activities 

Net (decrease) increase in non-interest-bearing deposits 

Net (decrease) increase in interest-bearing deposits 

Net increase in short-term borrowings 

Issuance of long-term debt 

Treasury stock purchase 

Cash dividends paid, net of reinvestment 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds received 

Non-cash transactions: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statement. 
 - 57 - 
 
 QNB CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 - 58 - 
 , the Atlantic Community Bankers Bank in the amount of and VISA Class B stock with a carrying cost of at December 31, 2022. Federal law requires a member institution of the FHLB to hold stock of its district bank according to a predetermined formula. These restricted securities are carried at cost. The Bank owns shares of Visa Class B stock, which was necessary to participate in Visa services in support of the Bank s credit card, debit card, and related payment programs (permissible activities under banking regulations) as a member institution. Following the resolution of Visa s covered litigation, shares of Visa s Class B stock will be converted to Visa Class A shares using a conversion factor as of December 29, 2022), which is periodically adjusted to reflect VISA s ongoing litigation costs. There is a very limited market for this stock, as only current owners of Class B shares are permitted to transact in Class B. Due to the lack of orderly trades and public information of such trades, Visa Class B does not have a readily determinable fair value. These restricted investments are carried at cost and evaluated for OTTI periodically. As of December 31, 2022, there was OTTI associated with these shares. 
 - 59 - 
 - 60 - 
 
 - 61 - 
 foreclosed assets. to 

Furniture and equipment 

to 

Leasehold improvements 

to 

Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Gains or losses upon disposition are reflected in earnings as realized. 
 
 The Premises and equipment, net category Consolidated Balance Sheets also includes the right-of-use assets associated with operating leases. The discount rates used in determining the initial value of the right of use assets are based on the FHLB Amortizing Fixed Loan Rate for the term of each lease. to and subsequent additional optional terms in increments of years. QNB has renewed operating lease during 2022. Operating lease liabilities are included with Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All operating lease costs are included in non-interest expense within Net occupancy on the Consolidated Statements of Income. - 62 - 
 , and , respectively, and is included in non-interest expense under salaries and benefits expense. expense was needed during 2020 as the December 31, 2019 post-retirement liability was in line with the December 31, 2020 projected post-retirement liability based on updated insurance costs and mortality tables. , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were , and in tax benefits recognized related to the nonqualified compensation and disqualifying dispositions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The fair value of each option is amortized into compensation expense on a straight-line basis between the grant date for the option and each vesting date. QNB estimated the fair value of stock options on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The model requires the use of numerous assumptions, many of which are highly subjective in nature. The following assumptions were used in the option pricing model in determining the fair value of options granted during the periods presented. 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 

Expected life (years) 

4.05 

4.03 

4.03 

The weighted average fair value per share of options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The risk-free interest rate was selected based upon yields of U.S. Treasury issues with a term equal to the expected life of the option being valued. Historical information was the primary basis for the selection of the expected dividend yield, expected volatility and expected lives of the options. tax benefit is recorded. Under the more-likely-than-not threshold guidelines, QNB believes no significant uncertain tax positions exist, either individually or in the aggregate, which would give rise to the non-recognition of an existing tax benefit. As of December 31, 2022, QNB had a valuation allowance of for unrecognized tax benefits related to non-qualified stock option expense on options that are more likely than not to be exercised prior to expiring. As of December 31, 2022 QNB had interest expense and in tax penalties. QNB s policy is to account for interest as a component of interest expense and penalties as a component of other expense. The Company and its subsidiary are subject to U.S. Federal income tax as well as 
 - 63 - 
 to date remain subject to examination by the tax authorities. and interest of . - 64 - 
 and and a reduction in the allowance for loan losses between and . 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02 , Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures . The main provisions of ASU 2022-02 supersede the accounting guidance in ASC 310-40 Receivables Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditor in its entirety and requires entities to evaluate all receivable modifications under ASC 310-20-35-9 through 35-11 to determine whether a modification made to a borrower results in a new loan or a continuation of the existing loan. ASU 2022-02 requires that an entity disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments Credit Losses Measured at Amortized Cost. ASU 2022-02 also amends other subtopics to remove references to TDRs for creditors. For QNB, the provisions under ASU 2022-02 are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods with those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 
 2022. 

Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted average shares 
 outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities - employee stock options 

- 

Denominator for diluted earnings per share - adjusted weighted average 
 shares outstanding 

Earnings per share - basic 

Earnings per share - diluted 

There were , , and stock options that were anti-dilutive as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. These stock options were not included in the above calculation. 
 - 65 - 
 and authorized the repurchase of up to shares, increased the amount on February 9, 2009 to shares, and subsequently increased on April 27, 2021 up to shares of its common stock in the open market or privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase authorization has no termination date. There were shares purchased during the year ended December 31, 2022, shares repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2021, and shares purchased during the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, shares were purchased under this authorization at an average price of and a total cost of and were recorded to Treasury stock. 

U.S. Government agency 

State and municipal 

U.S. Government agencies and sponsored 
 enterprises (GSEs): 

Mortgage-backed 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) 

Corporate debt 

Total investment securities available-for-sale 

Gross 

Gross 

unrealized 

unrealized 

Fair 

holding 

holding 

Amortized 

December 31, 2021 

value 

gains 

losses 

cost 

U.S. Government agency 

State and municipal 

U.S. Government agencies and sponsored 
 enterprises (GSEs): 

Mortgage-backed 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) 

Corporate debt 

Total investment securities available-for-sale 

- 66 - 
 Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Securities are assigned to categories based on contractual maturity except for mortgage-backed securities and CMOs which are based on the estimated average life of these securities and state and municipal securities which are based on pre-refunded date, if applicable. 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total investment securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from sales of investment debt securities available-for-sale were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Gross realized losses 

Other-than-temporary impairment 

Total net gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities 

The tax benefit applicable to the net realized losses on debt securities was for the year ended December 31, 2022. The tax expense applicable to the net realized gains on debt securities was for the year ended December 31, 2021. The tax expense applicable to the net realized gains on debt securities was for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 There were OTTI impairment charges recognized for debt securities still held by QNB for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 QNB recognizes OTTI for debt securities classified as available-for-sale in accordance with FASB ASC 320, Investments Debt and Equity Securities , which requires that we assess whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell a security before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current-period credit losses. For debt securities that are considered other-than-temporarily impaired and that we do not intend to sell and will not be required to sell prior to recovery of our amortized cost basis, the amount of the impairment is separated into the amount that is credit related (credit loss component) and the amount due to all other factors. The credit loss component is recognized in earnings and is the difference between the security s amortized cost basis and the present value of its expected future cash flows discounted at the security s effective yield. The remaining difference between the security s fair value and the present value of future expected cash flows is due to factors that are not credit related and, therefore, is not required to be recognized as a loss in the Consolidated Statement of Income but is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). QNB believes that we will fully collect the carrying value of securities on which we have recorded a non-credit related impairment in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 - 67 - 
 credit impairments were recognized in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

Reductions: sale, collateralized debt obligation 

Additions: 

Initial credit impairments 

Subsequent credit impairments 

Balance, end of year 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, investments in debt securities available-for-sale totaling and , respectively, were pledged as collateral for repurchase agreements and deposits of public funds. 

State and municipal 

U.S. Government agencies 
 and sponsored enterprises 
 (GSEs): 

Mortgage-backed 

Collateralized mortgage 
 obligations (CMOs) 

Corporate debt 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Less than 12 months 

12 months or longer 

Total 

No. of 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

securities 

value 

losses 

value 

losses 

value 

losses 

U.S. Government agency 

State and municipal 

U.S. Government agencies 
 and sponsored enterprises 
 (GSEs): 

Mortgage-backed 

Collateralized mortgage 
 obligations (CMOs) 

Corporate debt 

Total 

Management evaluates debt securities, which are comprised of U.S. Government Agencies, state and municipalities, mortgage-backed securities, CMOs and other issuers, for OTTI and considers the current economic conditions, the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, interest rates and the bond rating of each security. The unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 in U.S. Government securities, state and municipal securities, mortgage-backed securities, CMOs and corporate debt securities are primarily the result of interest rate fluctuations. If held to maturity, these bonds will mature at par, and QNB will not realize a loss. QNB has the intent to hold the securities and does not believe it will be required to sell the securities before recovery occurs. 
 - 68 - 
 trust preferred security, PreTSL IV which is classified as available-for-sale and carried at fair value. This security has been in an unrealized loss position for more than twelve months. 

Mezzanine - class of bonds still outstanding, represents the senior-most obligation of the trust) 
 
 Marketable Equity Securities 
 The Company s equity securities consist of investments with readily determinable fair values in large cap stock companies. Changes in the fair value of these equity securities are recorded to earnings in non-interest income, in accordance with ASU 2016-01 Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, in equity securities recorded at fair value. 

Less: Net gains recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period 

Net unrealized (losses) gains recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the reporting date 

Tax benefit applicable to the net realized losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . Tax expense applicable to the net realized gains for the years ended December 31 2021 and 2020 were, , and , respectively. Proceeds from sales of investment equity securities were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively . 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total loans 

Net deferred (fees) costs 

Loans receivable 

- 69 - 
 
 Loans secured by commercial real estate include all loans collateralized at least in part by commercial real estate. These loans may not be for the express purpose of conducting commercial real estate transactions. 
 Overdrafts are reclassified as loans and are included in consumer loans above and total loans on the balance sheet. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, overdrafts were and , respectively. 
 QNB generally lends in Bucks, Lehigh, and Montgomery counties in southeastern Pennsylvania. To a large extent, QNB makes loans collateralized at least in part by real estate. Its lending activities could be affected by changes in the general economy, the regional economy, or real estate values. Other than disclosed in the table above, at December 31, 2022, there was a concentration of loans to lessors of residential buildings and dwellings of of total loans and to lessors of nonresidential buildings of of total loans, compared with and of total loans, respectively, at December 31, 2021. These concentrations were primarily within the commercial real estate categories. 
 Under the CARES Act, QNB continues to provide customers experiencing financial hardship caused by the COVID-19 Pandemic, solutions to help them through this difficult period. At December 31, 2022, QNB had no modifications related to COVID-19. At December 31, 2021, QNB had modifications to retail loan with a balance of which was modified three times with deferred interest and principal payments totaling ten months and to commercial loan with a balance of which was modified once with deferred interest and principal payments totaling six months. Loans modified in 2021 and 2020 have all returned to a normal payment schedule. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, QNB had PPP loans totaling and PPP loans totaling , respectively, reported in gross commercial and industrial loans. The PPP loans are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. QNB received origination fees from the SBA ranging from a flat fee of to to basis points which are recognized in interest income as a yield adjustment over the term of the loan. Net unearned (fees) costs include and in PPP net loan origination fees at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 QNB engages in a variety of lending activities, including commercial, residential real estate and consumer transactions. QNB focuses its lending activities on individuals, professionals and small to medium sized businesses. Risks associated with lending activities include economic conditions and changes in interest rates, which can adversely impact both the ability of borrowers to repay their loans and the value of the associated collateral. 
 Commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, construction loans and residential real estate loans with a business purpose are generally perceived as having more risk of default than residential real estate loans with a personal purpose and consumer loans. These types of loans involve larger loan balances to a single borrower or groups of related borrowers and are more susceptible to a risk of loss during a downturn in the business cycle. These loans may involve greater risk because the availability of funds to repay these loans depends on the successful operation of the borrower s business. The assets financed are used within the business for its ongoing operation. Repayment of these types of loans generally comes from the cash flow of the business or the ongoing conversions of assets, such as accounts receivable and inventory, to cash. Typical collateral for commercial and industrial loans includes the borrower s accounts receivable, inventory and machinery and equipment. Commercial real estate and residential real estate loans secured for a business purpose are originated primarily within the southeastern Pennsylvania market area at conservative loan-to-value ratios and often backed by the individual guarantees of the borrowers or owners. Repayment of this kind of loan is dependent upon either the ongoing cash flow of the borrowing entity or the resale of or lease of the subject property. Commercial real estate loans may be affected to a greater extent than residential loans by adverse conditions in real estate markets or the economy because commercial real estate borrowers ability to repay their loans depends on successful development of their properties, as well as the factors affecting residential real estate borrowers. 
 Loans to state and political subdivisions are tax-exempt or taxable loans to municipalities, school districts and housing and industrial development authorities. These loans can be general obligations of the municipality or school district repaid through their taxing authority, revenue obligations repaid through the income generated by the operations of the authority, such as a water or sewer authority, or loans issued to a housing and industrial development agency, for which a private corporation is responsible for payments on the loans. 
 QNB originates fixed-rate and adjustable-rate real estate-residential mortgage loans for personal purposes that are secured by first liens on the underlying 1-4 family residential properties. Credit risk exposure in this area of lending is minimized by the evaluation of the credit worthiness of the borrower, including debt-to-income ratios, credit scores and adherence to underwriting policies that emphasize conservative loan-to-value ratios of generally no more than 80 . Residential mortgage loans granted in excess of the loan-to-value ratio criterion are generally insured by private mortgage insurance. 
 The real estate-home equity portfolio consists of fixed-rate home equity loans and variable-rate home equity lines of credit. Risks associated with loans secured by residential properties are generally lower than commercial loans and include general economic risks, such as the strength of the job market, employment stability and the strength of the housing market. Since most loans are secured by a primary or secondary residence, the borrower s continued employment is the greatest risk to repayment. 
 - 70 - 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Total 

- 71 - 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Total 

For retail loans, QNB evaluates credit quality based on the performance of the individual credits. The following tables present the recorded investment in the retail classes of the loan portfolio based on payment activity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

The performance and credit quality of the loan portfolio is also monitored by analyzing the age of the loans receivable as determined by the length of time a recorded payment is past due. The following table presents the classes of the loan portfolio (excluding deferred fees and costs) summarized by the past due status, regardless of whether the loan is on non-accrual status, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

- 72 - 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

The following tables disclose the recorded investment in loans receivable that are either on non-accrual status or past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

90 days or more past 
 due (still accruing) 

Non-accrual 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

- 73 - 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Unallocated 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance, 
 beginning of 
 period 

Provision for 
 (credit to) 
 loan losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Balance, end 
 of period 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Unallocated 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Balance, 
 beginning of 
 period 

Provision for 
 (credit to) 
 loan losses 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Balance, end 
 of period 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Unallocated 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

- 74 - 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Non-performing TDRs totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All TDRs are included in impaired loans. 
 The following table illustrates the specific reserve for loan losses allocated to loans modified as TDRs. These specific reserves are included in the allowance for loan losses for loans individually evaluated for impairment. There were charge-offs resulting from loans modified as TDRs of , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. - 75 - 

TDRs with an allowance recorded 

Total 

392 

690 

There were newly identified TDRs during the year ended December 31, 2022: an extension of credit on an existing relationship that was already a TDR and one to ease cash-flow issues. There were newly identified TDRs during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, QNB had commitments of and , respectively, to lend additional funds to customers with loans whose terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings. 
 QNB had loan secured by residential real estate with a recorded investment of for which foreclosure proceedings were in process as of December 31, 2022. There was mortgage loan secured by residential real estate with a recorded investment of for which foreclosure proceedings were in process at December 31, 2021. 
 The following tables present the balance in the allowance of loan losses disaggregated on the basis of QNB s impairment method by class of loans receivable along with the balance of loans receivable by class, excluding unearned fees and costs, disaggregated on the basis o QNB s impairment methodology: 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Unallocated 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Loans Receivable 

December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Balance related 
 to loans 
 individually 
 evaluated for 
 impairment 

Balance related 
 to loans 
 collectively 
 evaluated for 
 impairment 

Balance 

Balance 
 individually 
 evaluated for 
 impairment 

Balance 
 collectively 
 evaluated for 
 impairment 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

State and political subdivisions 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Unallocated 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

- 76 - 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

Total: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

- 77 - 

Construction 

Secured by commercial real estate 

Secured by residential real estate 

Retail: 

1-4 family residential mortgages 

Home equity loans and lines 

Consumer 

Total 

Furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Right-of-use asset 

Book value 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net book value 

Depreciation and amortization expense on premises and equipment, which excludes operating lease costs in the table below, amounted to , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022 QNB renewed one operating lease and recorded a right-of-use asset of and an operating liability of . 
 - 78 - 

Total lease cost 

Other information 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Cashflows from operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease terms: 

Operating leases 

years 

years 

Weighted average discount rates: 

Operating leases 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Mortgage servicing rights capitalized 

Mortgage servicing rights amortized 

Fair market value adjustments 

Balance at end of year 

The balance of these mortgage servicing rights is included in other assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the fair value of these rights was and , respectively. The fair value of servicing rights was determined using discount rates ranging from to for both 2022 and 2021 and prepayment speeds ranging from to for 2022 compared to to for 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Time deposits that meet or exceed the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 - 79 - 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total time deposits 

Maximum indebtedness at any month end 

Daily average indebtedness outstanding 

Average rate paid for the year 

Average rate on period-end borrowings 

2021 

Balance 

Maximum indebtedness at any month end 

Daily average indebtedness outstanding 

Average rate paid for the year 

Average rate on period-end borrowings 

(a) 
 
 and and a fair value of and and at December 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively. These securities are held in safekeeping at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. 

(b) 

The Bank has unsecured Federal funds lines granted by correspondent banks totaling . Federal funds purchased under these lines were at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 QNB has a maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB of approximately . At December 31, 2022 QNB had in long-term advances outstanding with the FHLB at fixed rates, short-term borrowings as reported in Note 9 and a letter of credit issued of . At December 31, 2021 QNB had in long-term debt outstanding with the FHLB and a letter of credit of . 

2024 

- 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total long-term debt 

- 80 - 

Current state income taxes 

Deferred Federal income taxes (benefits) 

Deferred state income taxes (benefits) 

Valuation adjustment 

Net provision 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the tax effects of temporary differences that represent the significant portion of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Net unrealized holding losses on investment 
 securities available-for-sale 

Fair value adjustment on equity securities 

Non-accrual interest income 

Leasing liability 

Deferred revenue 

Incurred but not reported medical expense 

Bonus 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred loan income 

Depreciation 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Fair value adjustment on equity securities 

Prepaid expenses 

Right of use asset 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The ability to realize deferred tax assets is dependent upon a variety of factors, including the generation of future taxable income, the existence of taxes paid and recoverable, the reversal of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. Based upon these and other factors, management believes it is more likely than not that QNB will realize the benefits of the above deferred tax assets except an deferred tax asset related to non-qualified stock option that it is more likely than not that the options will expire unexercised due to the strike price. A valuation allowance was recorded for this amount. 
 - 81 - 
 for 202 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 20 and t h e actual tax provision was as follows : 

Tax-exempt interest and dividend income 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Stock-based compensation expense 

State income tax 

Other 

Income tax provision 

Valuation Adjustment 

provides for elective employee contributions up to the maximum allowed by the IRS and a matching company contribution limited to . In addition, the plan provides for safe harbor non-elective contributions of of total compensation by QNB. QNB contributed a matching contribution of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and a safe harbor contribution of for 2022, for 2021, and for 2020. 
 QNB s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Plan) offers eligible employees an opportunity to purchase shares of QNB Corp. common stock at a discount from the lesser of fair market value on the first or last day of each offering period (as defined by the Plan). At the 2016 Annual Meeting, shareholders approved the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2016 Plan), which authorizes the issuance of shares. As of May 31, 2021, shares were issued under the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan expired on . At the 2021 Annual Meeting, shareholders approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2021 Plan), which authorizes the issuance of shares. As of December 31, 2022, shares were issued under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan expires . 

Price per share 

29.48 and 24.21 

27.36 and 32.29 

25.52 and 25.56 

shares. The time period by which any option is exercisable under this Plan is determined by the Committee but shall not commence before the expiration of after the date of grant or continue beyond the expiration of after the date of grant. There were options granted, options forfeited, options exercised and options outstanding under the 2015 Plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option awards granted. That cost is expected to be recognized over the next months. 
 - 82 - 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Granted 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Granted 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Granted 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

2.20 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

0.64 

3.13 

2.13 

4.13 

1.13 

0.14 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

2.20 

All of these transactions were made in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons. These transactions did not involve more than normal risk of collectability or present any other unfavorable features. 

New loans 

Repayments 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Letters of credit 

Deposits received 

- 83 - 

Standby letters of credit 

Total financial instrument commitments 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require the payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. QNB evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the financial or performance obligation of a customer to a third party. QNB s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Standby letters of credit totaling expire within . The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending other loan commitments. The Bank requires collateral and personal guarantees supporting these letters of credit as deemed necessary. The amount of collateral obtained for letters of credit and commitments to extend credit is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral varies, but may include real estate, accounts receivable, marketable securities, pledged deposits, inventory or equipment. Management believes that the proceeds obtained through a liquidation of such collateral and the enforcement of personal guarantees would be sufficient to cover the maximum potential amount of future payments required under the corresponding guarantees. The amount of the liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for guarantees under standby letters of credit issued is not material. 
 Other commitments: 
 QNB has committed to various operating leases for several of their branch and office facilities. Some of these leases include specific provisions relating to rent increases. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted cashflows 

Total discount on cashflows 

Total lease liabilities 

- 84 - 
 to and certain leases allow for multiple extensions, the commitment for such renewals is not included above if they have not been exercised as of December 31, 2022. Operating lease costs, which include common area maintenance costs not included in the minimum lease payments above, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was , and , respectively. 

Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities 
 for which a portion of an other-than-temporary 
 impairment loss has been recognized in earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

Tax effect 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, 
 net of tax 

Net gain on sale of investment securities 

Other-than-temporary impairment losses on 
 investment securities 

Net other-than-temporary impairment losses on investment securities 

Net (loss) gain on sale of investment securities 

Tax effect 

Provision for income taxes 

Total reclassification out of accumulated other 
 comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

Net of tax 

- 85 - 

U.S. Government agency securities 

State and municipal securities 

U.S. Government agencies and sponsored 
 enterprises (GSEs): 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) 

Corporate debt securities 

Total securities available-for-sale 

Equity securities 

Total recurring fair value measurements 

Nonrecurring fair value measurements 

Impaired loans 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Total nonrecurring fair value measurements 

- 86 - 

State and municipal securities 

U.S. Government agencies and sponsored 
 enterprises (GSEs): 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) 

Corporate debt securities 

Total securities available-for-sale 

Equity securities 

Total recurring fair value measurements 

Nonrecurring fair value measurements 

Impaired loans 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Total nonrecurring fair value measurements 

Appraisal of collateral 
 
 (1) 

Appraisal adjustments 
 
 (2) 

-15 to -100 

Liquidation expenses 
 
 (3) 

-10 

Impaired loans 

Financial statement values for UCC collateral 

Financial statement value discounts 
 
 (4) 

-30 to -100 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Discounted cash flow 

Remaining term 

2 to 28 yrs 

Prepayment Speeds 

113 to 235 

Discount rate 

12.0 to 12.5 

- 87 - 

Appraisal of collateral 
 
 (1) 

Appraisal adjustments 
 
 (2) 

-15 to -20 

Liquidation expenses 
 
 (3) 

-10 

Impaired loans 

Financial statement values for UCC collateral 

Financial statement value discounts 
 
 (4) 

-30 to -100 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Discounted cash flow 

Remaining term 

3 to 29 yrs 

Prepayment Speeds 

187 to 312 

Discount rate 

12.0 to 12.5 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

Payments received 

Sale of securities 

Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized) 

Included in earnings 

Included in other comprehensive 
 income 

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 

Balance, end of year 

There were also no transfers in or out of level 3 for the same periods. There were losses included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to the available-for-sale securities above with fair value measurements utilizing significant unobservable inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Level 3 securities consist of collateralized debt obligation security PreTSL ), which is backed by trust preferred securities issued by banks. The market for this security at December 31, 2022 was not active and markets for similar securities also are not active. The new issue market is also inactive and there are currently very few market participants who are willing and or able to transact for these securities. 
 Given conditions in the debt markets today and the absence of observable transactions in the secondary and new issue markets, we determined: 

The few observable transactions and market quotations that are available are not reliable for purposes of determining fair value at December 31, 2022 

 - 88 - 
 expected credit losses or prepayments cashflows used were contractual based on the Bloomberg YA screen. The assumed cashflows have been discounted using an estimated market discount rate based on the -year swap rate. The 30-year swap rate is used as the reference rate since it is indicative of market expectation for short-term rates in the future. This is consistent with the 30-year nature of PreTSL securities, which are priced using the 3-month LIBOR as a reference rate. The discount rate of includes the risk-free rate, a credit component and a spread for illiquidity. 
 The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of QNB since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited portion of QNB s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between QNB s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful. 
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of each major classification of financial instrument and non-financial asset at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Cash and cash equivalents, accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable (carried at cost): The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet approximate those assets fair value. 
 Investment securities: available-for-sale (carried at fair value) and equity investments with readily determinable fair values (carried at fair value): The fair value of securities are determined by obtaining quoted market prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges (Level 1), or matrix pricing (Level 2), which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted market prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted prices. Level 2 debt securities are valued by a third-party pricing service commonly used in the banking industry. Level 2 fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution date, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the security s terms and conditions, among other things. For certain securities which are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, and such adjustments are generally based on available market evidence (Level 3). In the absence of such evidence, management s best estimate is used. Management s best estimate consists of both internal and external support on certain Level 3 investments. Cash flow models using a present value formula that includes assumptions market participants would use along with indicative exit pricing obtained from broker/dealers (where available) were used to support fair values of certain Level 3 investments. 
 Restricted investment in stocks (carried at cost): The fair value of stock in Atlantic Community Bankers Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank and VISA Class B is the carrying amount, based on redemption provisions, and considers the limited marketability of such securities. 
 Loans Held for Sale (carried at lower of cost or fair value): The fair value of loans held for sale is determined, when possible, using quoted secondary market prices. If no such quoted prices exist, the fair value of a loan is determined using quoted prices for a similar loan or loans, adjusted for the specific attributes of that loan. 
 Loans Receivable (carried at cost): The fair values of loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using market rates at the balance sheet date that reflect the credit and interest rate-risk inherent in the loans. Projected future cash flows are calculated based upon contractual maturity or call dates, projected repayments and prepayments of principal. Generally, for variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. 
 Impaired Loans (generally carried at fair value): Impaired loans are loans in which QNB has measured impairment generally based on the fair value of the loan s collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties, or discounted cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. 
 - 89 - 

Investment securities: 

Available-for-sale 

Equity 

Restricted investment in bank stocks 

Net loans 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Accrued interest receivable 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits with no stated maturities 

Deposits with stated maturities 

Short-term borrowings 

Long-term debt 

Accrued interest payable 

Off-balance sheet instruments 

Commitments to extend credit 

Standby letters of credit 

- 90 - 

Investment securities: 

Available-for-sale 

Equity 

Restricted investment in bank stocks 

Net loans 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Accrued interest receivable 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits with no stated maturities 

Deposits with stated maturities 

Short-term borrowings 

Long-term debt 

Accrued interest payable 

Off-balance sheet instruments 

Commitments to extend credit 

Standby letters of credit 

- 91 - 

Investment securities: 

Available-for-sale (amortized cost and 

Equity securities (cost of and 

Investment in subsidiary 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Interest, dividend and other income 

Securities gains 

Net unrealized (loss) gain on investment equity securities 

Total income 

Expenses 

Income before applicable income taxes and equity in 
 undistributed income of subsidiary 

Provision for income tax (benefit) expense 

Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiary 

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary 

Net income 

- 92 - 

Other comprehensive (loss)/income: 

Net unrealized holding (losses)/gains on available-for-sale securities: 

Unrealized holding (losses)/gains arising during the period 

Reclassification adjustment for losses/(gains) included in net income 

Total comprehensive (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided 
 by operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed income from subsidiary 

Net securities gains 

Net unrealized loss (gain) on investment equity securities 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Accretion of discounts on investment securities 

(Decrease increase in other liabilities 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

Deferred income tax (benefit) provision 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchase of investment equity securities 

Purchase of investment securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from sale of investment equity securities 

Proceeds from maturities of investment securities available-for-sale 

Capital contribution to Bank 

Net cash (used) provided by investing activities 

Financing activities 

Cash dividend paid 

Treasury stock purchase 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net cash used by financing activities 

(decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

- 93 - 

Bank 

Tier I capital (to risk-weighted assets): 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): 

Consolidated 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

Tier I capital (to average assets): 

Consolidated 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

Capital levels 

Actual 

Adequately capitalized 

Well capitalized 

As of December 31, 2021 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Total risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets): 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Tier I capital (to risk-weighted assets): 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): 

Consolidated 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

Tier I capital (to average assets): 

Consolidated 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

- 94 - 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net Income 

Earnings Per Share - basic 

Earnings Per Share - diluted 

- 95 - 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

a) 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Under the supervision and with the participation of QNB s Chief Executive Officer, or CEO, and Chief Financial Officer, or CFO (its principal executive officer and principal financial officer), management has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of QNB s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to QNB s management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on and as of the date of such evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

b) 
 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Information required by this item is set forth in Management s Report included under Item 8, which is incorporated by reference into this item. 

c) 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 On May 14, 2013, COSO issued an updated version of its Internal Control Integrated Framework, referred to as the 2013 COSO Framework. Management s assessment of the overall effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2022 was based on the 2013 COSO Framework. 
 There were no changes to the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

- 96 - 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to information appearing in QNB Corp. s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions: 

Election of Directors 

Governance of the Company - Code of Ethics 

Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors of QNB and the Bank 

Executive Officers of QNB and/or the Bank 

 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to its CEO, CFO and Controller as well as its long-standing Code of Ethics which applies to all directors and employees. The codes are available on the Company s website at www.qnbbank.com. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the information appearing in QNB Corp. s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions: 

Compensation Committee Report 

Executive Compensation 

Director Compensation 

Compensation Tables 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes QNB s equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2022. Information is included for both equity compensation plans approved by QNB shareholders and equity compensation plans not approved by QNB shareholders. 

Plan Category 

Number of shares to be 
 issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 

Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 

Number of shares 
 available for future 
 issuance under equity 
 compensation plans 
 [excluding securities 
 reflected in column (a)] 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by 
 QNB shareholders 

2015 Stock option plan 

109,150 

37.65 

170,025 

2021 Employee stock purchase plan 

22,736 

Equity compensation plans not approved by 
 QNB shareholders 

None 

Total 

109,150 

37.65 

192,761 

Additional information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the information appearing in QNB Corp. s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions: 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

- 97 - 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the information appearing in QNB Corp. s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions: 

Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

Governance of the Company - Director Independence 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the information appearing in QNB Corp. s definitive proxy statement to be used in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions: 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Audit Fees, Audit Related Fees, Tax Fees, and All Other Fees 

- 98 - 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 
 1. Financial Statements 

 The following financial statements are included by reference in Part II, Item 8 hereof. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 The financial statement schedules required by this Item are omitted because the information is either inapplicable, not required or is in the Consolidated Financial Statements as a part of this Report. 
 - 99 - 
 
 3. The following exhibits are incorporated by reference herein or filed with this Form 10-K: 

3.1- 

Articles of Incorporation of Registrant, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, SEC File No. 0-17706, filed with the Commission on March 13, 2015) 

3.2- 

By-laws of Registrant, as amended January 26, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Report on Form 8-K, SEC File No. 0-17706, filed with the Commission on January 27, 2021 

4.1- 

Description of Capital Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, SEC File No. 0-17706, filed with the Commission on March 11, 2021) 

10.1- 

Employment Agreement between Registrant and David W. Freeman. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, SEC File No. 0-17706, filed with the Commission on December 28, 2012) 

10.2- 

Change of Control Agreement between Registrant and Scott G. Orzehoski. 

10.3- 

Change of Control Agreement between Registrant and Jeffrey Lehocky. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 8-K, SEC File No. 0-17706, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2022) 

10.4- 

Change of Control Agreement between Registrant and Christopher T. Cattie. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, SEC File No. 0-17706, filed with the Commission on March 14, 2016) 

10.5-

Change of Control Agreement between Registrant and Courtney L. Covelens . 

10.6- 

Change of Control Agreement between Registrant and Christina S. McDonald. 

10.7- 

QNB Corp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to QNB Corp. s proxy statement, filed April 15, 2015) 

10.8- 

Amendment to the QNB Corp 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to QNB Corp. s Form 8-K statement, filed October 31, 2022) 

10.9- 

QNB Corp. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to QNB Corp. s proxy statement, filed with the Commission on April 15, 2021) 

21.1- 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1- 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1- 

Section 302 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

31.2- 

Section 302 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

32.1- 

Section 906 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

32.2- 

Section 906 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

Indicates compensatory plan or arrangement 

 The following Exhibits are being furnished as part of this report: 

No. 

Description 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover page interactive data file (formatted as inline XBRL and continued in Exhibit 101). 

These interactive data files are being furnished as part of this Annual Report, and, in accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under those sections. 

- 100 - 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

QNB Corp. 

March 14, 2023 

BY: 

/s/ David W. Freeman 

David W. Freeman 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report is signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated 

/s/ Dennis Helf 

Director, Chairman 

March 14, 2023 

Dennis Helf 

/s/ David W. Freeman 

Chief Executive Officer, 

March 14, 2023 

David W. Freeman 

Principal Executive 

Officer and Director 

/s/ Autumn R. Bayles 

Director 

March 14, 2023 

Autumn R. Bayles 
 
 /s/ Laurie A. Bergman 

Director 

March 14, 2023 

Laurie A Bergman 
 
 /s/ Randy S. Bimes 

Director 

March 14, 2023 

Randy S. Bimes 

/s/ Thomas J. Bisko 

Director 

March 14, 2023 

Thomas J. Bisko 

/s/ Kenneth F. Brown, Jr. 

Director 

March 14, 2023 

Kenneth F. Brown, Jr. 

/s/ Jennifer L. Mann 

Director 

March 14, 2023 

Jennifer L. Mann 

/s/ Ranajoy Ray-Chaudhuri 

Director 

March 14, 2023 

Ranajoy Ray-Chaudhuri 

/s/ W. Randall Stauffer 

Director 

March 14, 2023 

W. Randall Stauffer 

/s/ Scott R. Stevenson 

Director 

March 14, 2023 

Scott R. Stevenson 

/s/ Jeffrey Lehocky 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 14, 2023 

Jeffrey Lehocky 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Mary E. Liddle 

Chief Accounting Officer 

March 14, 2023 

Mary E. Liddle 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

- 101 - 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 qnbc-ex102_517.htm
 EX-10.2

qnbc-ex102_517.htm

CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 THIS AGREEMENT is made as of the 28th day of February 2023, among QNB CORP. Corporation ), a Pennsylvania business corporation having a place of business at 10 North Third Street, Quakertown, Pennsylvania 18951, QNB BANK Bank a Pennsylvania banking institution having a place of business at 10 North Third Street, Quakertown, Pennsylvania 18951, and Scott G. Orzehoski Executive ), an individual. 
 WITNESSETH: 
 WHEREAS, Corporation is a registered bank holding company; 
 WHEREAS, Bank is a subsidiary of Corporation; 
 WHEREAS, Corporation and Bank desire to employ Executive to serve in the capacity of Chief Retail Officer and Chief Business Banking Officer of Corporation and Bank, and Executive desires to accept such employment; and 
 WHEREAS, Corporation and Bank desire to provide Executive with a severance payment in the event that Executive s employment is terminated without cause within three (3) years following a change in control (as defined herein), on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 AGREEMENT: 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 
 1. EMPLOYMENT. Executive is employed by Corporation and Bank on an at will basis and there is no employment agreement between them. This Agreement is granted by Corporation and Bank in order to set forth terms and conditions between Corporation, Bank and Executive in the event of a Change in Control as defined herein. 
 2. RIGHTS IN EVENT OF TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT FOLLOWING CHANGE IN CONTROL. If Executive s employment is terminated by Corporation or Bank other than for Cause (as defined below) on or before the three (3) year anniversary of the date of a Change in Control (as defined below), then Corporation or Bank shall pay to Executive, in lieu of any other severance benefits to which Executive may be entitled, an amount equal to the product of (a) the average annual aggregate compensation paid by Corporation and Bank to Executive and includible in the Executive s gross income for federal income tax purposes during the five (5) calendar years preceding the taxable year in which the date of the termination occurs (or during the actual number of years in which Executive was employed by Corporation and Bank if less than five (5), with any partial year annualized), multiplied by two (2), such payment to be made in a lump sum on or before the fifth day following the date of termination and shall be subject to applicable taxes and withholdings. However, if the lump sum payment under this paragraph 2, when added to all other amounts or benefits provided to or on behalf of the Executive in connection with Executive s termination of employment, would result in the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), such payment shall be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid such 
 
 1 

excise tax imposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any portion of the amount herein payable to the Executive is determined to be non-deductible pursuant to the regulations promulgated under Section 280G of the Code, the Corporation shall be required only to pay to Executive the amount determined to be deductible under Section 280G. The determination of any reduction in the lump sum payment under this paragraph 2 pursuant to the foregoing provisions shall be made by Corporation s independent auditors. 
 3. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT FOR CAUSE. For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall mean any of the following: 
 (a) Executive s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony, a crime of falsehood or a crime involving moral turpitude, or the actual incarceration of Executive for a period of twenty (20) consecutive days or more; 
 (b) Executive s willful or intentional failure to follow the good faith lawful instructions of the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank with respect to its operations, after written notice from Corporation or Bank and a failure to cure such violation within twenty (20) days of said written notice; 
 (c) Executive s willful or intentional failure to substantially perform Executive s duties to Corporation or Bank, other than a failure resulting from Executive s incapacity because of physical or mental illness, after written notice from Corporation or Bank and a failure to cure such violation within twenty (20) days of said written notice; 
 (d) dishonesty or negligence by the Executive in the performance of Executive s duties; 
 (e) Executive s violation of any law, rule or regulation governing banks or bank officers or any final cease and desist order issued by a bank regulatory authority; 
 (f) conduct on the part of the Executive as determined by an affirmative vote of seventy percent (70 of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of Corporation and Bank which brings public discredit to Corporation or Bank; or 
 (g) Executive s breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit. 
 4. CHANGE IN CONTROL DEFINED. As used in this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: 
 (a) (i) a merger, consolidation or division involving Corporation or Bank, (ii) a sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of substantially all of the assets of Corporation or Bank, or (iii) a purchase by Corporation or Bank of substantially all of the assets of another entity, unless (y) such merger, consolidation, division, sale, exchange, transfer, purchase or disposition is approved in advance by seventy percent (70 or more of the members of the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank who are not interested in the transaction and (z) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the legal entity resulting from or existing after any such transaction and of the Board of Directors of such entity s parent corporation, if any, are former members of the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank; or 
 
 2 

(b) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )), other than Corporation or Bank or any person who on the date hereof is a director or officer of Corporation or Bank is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of Corporation or Bank representing twenty-five (25 percent or more of the combined voting power of Corporation or Bank s then outstanding securities ; or 
 (c) during any period of two (2) consecutive years during the term of Executive s employment under this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, unless the election of each director who was not a director at the beginning of such period has been approved in advance by directors representing at least two-thirds of the directors then in office who were directors at the beginning of the period; or 
 (d) any other change in control of Corporation and Bank similar in effect to any of the foregoing. 
 5. DATE OF CHANGE IN CONTROL DEFINED. For purposes of this Agreement, the date of a Change in Control shall mean: 
 (a) the first date on which a single person and/or entity, or group of affiliated persons and/or entities, acquire the beneficial ownership of twenty-five (25 or more of the voting securities of the Corporation or Bank; or 
 (b) the date of the closing of an agreement, transferring all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or Bank; or 
 (c) the date on which a merger, consolidation or business combination involving the Corporation or Bank is consummated, as applicable; or 
 (d) the date on which individuals who formerly constituted a majority of the Board of Directors of the Corporation of Bank under paragraph 4(c) above, cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or Bank. 
 6. NO EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT. This Agreement is not an employment contract. Nothing contained herein shall guarantee or assure Executive of continued employment by Corporation or Bank. Rather, Corporation s and Bank s obligations to Executive hereunder shall arise only if Executive continues to be employed by Corporation and Bank in Executive s present or in a higher capacity and then only in the event the conditions described herein for payment to Executive have been met. 
 7. WAIVER. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and an executive officer specifically designated by the Boards of Directors of Corporation and Bank. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 
 3 

8. ATTORNEY S FEES AND COSTS. If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, each party shall bear their own attorney s fees, costs, and necessary disbursements. 
 9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement supersedes any and all understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to any severance that may become due as a result of or in connection with a Change in Control. This Agreement contains all the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to any severance that may become due as a result of or in connection with a Change in Control. 
 10. SUCCESSORS; BINDING AGREEMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Corporation, Bank and Executive, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives. 
 11. VALIDITY. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 12. APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic, internal laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. 
 13. HEADINGS. The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction or limit the scope or intent of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

ATTEST: 

QNB CORP. 

/s/ Suzanne B. Weisberg______ __ 

/s/ David W. Freeman 
 David W. Freeman, President and CEO 

ATTEST: 

QNB BANK 

/s/ Suzanne B. Weisberg 

/s/ David W. Freeman 
 David W. Freeman, President and CEO 

WITNESS: 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Mary E. Liddle 

/s/ Scott G. Orzehoski 
 Scott G. Orzehoski 

5 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 qnbc-ex105_189.htm
 EX-10.5 CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT-COVELENS

qnbc-ex105_189.htm

CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 THIS AGREEMENT is made as of the 28th day of February 2023, among QNB CORP. Corporation ), a Pennsylvania business corporation having a place of business at 10 North Third Street, Quakertown, Pennsylvania 18951, QNB BANK Bank a Pennsylvania banking institution having a place of business at 10 North Third Street, Quakertown, Pennsylvania 18951, and Courtney L. Covelens Executive ), an individual. 
 WITNESSETH: 
 WHEREAS, Corporation is a registered bank holding company; 
 WHEREAS, Bank is a subsidiary of Corporation; 
 WHEREAS, Corporation and Bank desire to employ Executive to serve in the capacity of Chief Retail Officer and Chief Business Banking Officer of Corporation and Bank, and Executive desires to accept such employment; and 
 WHEREAS, Corporation and Bank desire to provide Executive with a severance payment in the event that Executive s employment is terminated without cause within three (3) years following a change in control (as defined herein), on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 AGREEMENT: 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 
 1. EMPLOYMENT. Executive is employed by Corporation and Bank on an at will basis and there is no employment agreement between them. This Agreement is granted by Corporation and Bank in order to set forth terms and conditions between Corporation, Bank and Executive in the event of a Change in Control as defined herein. 
 2. RIGHTS IN EVENT OF TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT FOLLOWING CHANGE IN CONTROL. If Executive s employment is terminated by Corporation or Bank other than for Cause (as defined below) on or before the three (3) year anniversary of the date of a Change in Control (as defined below), then Corporation or Bank shall pay to Executive, in lieu of any other severance benefits to which Executive may be entitled, an amount equal to the product of (a) the average annual aggregate compensation paid by Corporation and Bank to Executive and includible in the Executive s gross income for federal income tax purposes during the five (5) calendar years preceding the taxable year in which the date of the termination occurs (or during the actual number of years in which Executive was employed by Corporation and Bank if less than five (5), with any partial year annualized), multiplied by two (2), such payment to be made in a lump sum on or before the fifth day following the date of termination and shall be subject to applicable taxes and withholdings. However, if the lump sum payment under this paragraph 2, when added to all other amounts or benefits provided to or on behalf of the Executive in connection with Executive s termination of employment, would result in the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), such payment shall be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid such 
 
 1 

excise tax imposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any portion of the amount herein payable to the Executive is determined to be non-deductible pursuant to the regulations promulgated under Section 280G of the Code, the Corporation shall be required only to pay to Executive the amount determined to be deductible under Section 280G. The determination of any reduction in the lump sum payment under this paragraph 2 pursuant to the foregoing provisions shall be made by Corporation s independent auditors. 
 3. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT FOR CAUSE. For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall mean any of the following: 
 (a) Executive s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony, a crime of falsehood or a crime involving moral turpitude, or the actual incarceration of Executive for a period of twenty (20) consecutive days or more; 
 (b) Executive s willful or intentional failure to follow the good faith lawful instructions of the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank with respect to its operations, after written notice from Corporation or Bank and a failure to cure such violation within twenty (20) days of said written notice; 
 (c) Executive s willful or intentional failure to substantially perform Executive s duties to Corporation or Bank, other than a failure resulting from Executive s incapacity because of physical or mental illness, after written notice from Corporation or Bank and a failure to cure such violation within twenty (20) days of said written notice; 
 (d) dishonesty or negligence by the Executive in the performance of Executive s duties; 
 (e) Executive s violation of any law, rule or regulation governing banks or bank officers or any final cease and desist order issued by a bank regulatory authority; 
 (f) conduct on the part of the Executive as determined by an affirmative vote of seventy percent (70 of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of Corporation and Bank which brings public discredit to Corporation or Bank; or 
 (g) Executive s breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit. 
 4. CHANGE IN CONTROL DEFINED. As used in this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: 
 (a) (i) a merger, consolidation or division involving Corporation or Bank, (ii) a sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of substantially all of the assets of Corporation or Bank, or (iii) a purchase by Corporation or Bank of substantially all of the assets of another entity, unless (y) such merger, consolidation, division, sale, exchange, transfer, purchase or disposition is approved in advance by seventy percent (70 or more of the members of the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank who are not interested in the transaction and (z) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the legal entity resulting from or existing after any such transaction and of the Board of Directors of such entity s parent corporation, if any, are former members of the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank; or 
 
 2 

(b) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )), other than Corporation or Bank or any person who on the date hereof is a director or officer of Corporation or Bank is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of Corporation or Bank representing twenty-five (25 percent or more of the combined voting power of Corporation or Bank s then outstanding securities ; or 
 (c) during any period of two (2) consecutive years during the term of Executive s employment under this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, unless the election of each director who was not a director at the beginning of such period has been approved in advance by directors representing at least two-thirds of the directors then in office who were directors at the beginning of the period; or 
 (d) any other change in control of Corporation and Bank similar in effect to any of the foregoing. 
 5. DATE OF CHANGE IN CONTROL DEFINED. For purposes of this Agreement, the date of a Change in Control shall mean: 
 (a) the first date on which a single person and/or entity, or group of affiliated persons and/or entities, acquire the beneficial ownership of twenty-five (25 or more of the voting securities of the Corporation or Bank; or 
 (b) the date of the closing of an agreement, transferring all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or Bank; or 
 (c) the date on which a merger, consolidation or business combination involving the Corporation or Bank is consummated, as applicable; or 
 (d) the date on which individuals who formerly constituted a majority of the Board of Directors of the Corporation of Bank under paragraph 4(c) above, cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or Bank. 
 6. NO EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT. This Agreement is not an employment contract. Nothing contained herein shall guarantee or assure Executive of continued employment by Corporation or Bank. Rather, Corporation s and Bank s obligations to Executive hereunder shall arise only if Executive continues to be employed by Corporation and Bank in Executive s present or in a higher capacity and then only in the event the conditions described herein for payment to Executive have been met. 
 7. WAIVER. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and an executive officer specifically designated by the Boards of Directors of Corporation and Bank. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 
 3 

8. ATTORNEY S FEES AND COSTS. If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, each party shall bear their own attorney s fees, costs, and necessary disbursements. 
 9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement supersedes any and all understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to any severance that may become due as a result of or in connection with a Change in Control. This Agreement contains all the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to any severance that may become due as a result of or in connection with a Change in Control. 
 10. SUCCESSORS; BINDING AGREEMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Corporation, Bank and Executive, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives. 
 11. VALIDITY. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 12. APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic, internal laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. 
 13. HEADINGS. The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction or limit the scope or intent of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

ATTEST: 

QNB CORP. 

/s/ Suzanne B. Weisberg______ __ 

/s/ David W. Freeman 
 David W. Freeman, President and CEO 

ATTEST: 

QNB BANK 

/s/ Suzanne B. Weisberg 

/s/ David W. Freeman 
 David W. Freeman, President and CEO 

WITNESS: 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Mary E. Liddle 

/s/ Courtney L. Covelens 
 Courtney L. Covelens 

5 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 4
 qnbc-ex106_190.htm
 EX-10.6

qnbc-ex106_190.htm

CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 THIS AGREEMENT is made as of the 28th day of February 2023, among QNB CORP. Corporation ), a Pennsylvania business corporation having a place of business at 10 North Third Street, Quakertown, Pennsylvania 18951, QNB BANK Bank a Pennsylvania banking institution having a place of business at 10 North Third Street, Quakertown, Pennsylvania 18951, and Christina S. McDonald Executive ), an individual. 
 WITNESSETH: 
 WHEREAS, Corporation is a registered bank holding company; 
 WHEREAS, Bank is a subsidiary of Corporation; 
 WHEREAS, Corporation and Bank desire to employ Executive to serve in the capacity of Chief Marketing and Retail Lending Officer of Corporation and Bank, and Executive desires to accept such employment; and 
 WHEREAS, Corporation and Bank desire to provide Executive with a severance payment in the event that Executive s employment is terminated without cause within three (3) years following a change in control (as defined herein), on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 AGREEMENT: 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 
 1. EMPLOYMENT. Executive is employed by Corporation and Bank on an at will basis and there is no employment agreement between them. This Agreement is granted by Corporation and Bank in order to set forth terms and conditions between Corporation, Bank and Executive in the event of a Change in Control as defined herein. 
 2. RIGHTS IN EVENT OF TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT FOLLOWING CHANGE IN CONTROL. If Executive s employment is terminated by Corporation or Bank other than for Cause (as defined below) on or before the three (3) year anniversary of the date of a Change in Control (as defined below), then Corporation or Bank shall pay to Executive, in lieu of any other severance benefits to which Executive may be entitled, an amount equal to the product of (a) the average annual aggregate compensation paid by Corporation and Bank to Executive and includible in the Executive s gross income for federal income tax purposes during the five (5) calendar years preceding the taxable year in which the date of the termination occurs (or during the actual number of years in which Executive was employed by Corporation and Bank if less than five (5), with any partial year annualized), multiplied by two (2), such payment to be made in a lump sum on or before the fifth day following the date of termination and shall be subject to applicable taxes and withholdings. However, if the lump sum payment under this paragraph 2, when added to all other amounts or benefits provided to or on behalf of the Executive in connection with Executive s termination of employment, would result in the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), such payment shall be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid such 
 
 1 

excise tax imposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any portion of the amount herein payable to the Executive is determined to be non-deductible pursuant to the regulations promulgated under Section 280G of the Code, the Corporation shall be required only to pay to Executive the amount determined to be deductible under Section 280G. The determination of any reduction in the lump sum payment under this paragraph 2 pursuant to the foregoing provisions shall be made by Corporation s independent auditors. 
 3. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT FOR CAUSE. For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall mean any of the following: 
 (a) Executive s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony, a crime of falsehood or a crime involving moral turpitude, or the actual incarceration of Executive for a period of twenty (20) consecutive days or more; 
 (b) Executive s willful or intentional failure to follow the good faith lawful instructions of the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank with respect to its operations, after written notice from Corporation or Bank and a failure to cure such violation within twenty (20) days of said written notice; 
 (c) Executive s willful or intentional failure to substantially perform Executive s duties to Corporation or Bank, other than a failure resulting from Executive s incapacity because of physical or mental illness, after written notice from Corporation or Bank and a failure to cure such violation within twenty (20) days of said written notice; 
 (d) dishonesty or negligence by the Executive in the performance of Executive s duties; 
 (e) Executive s violation of any law, rule or regulation governing banks or bank officers or any final cease and desist order issued by a bank regulatory authority; 
 (f) conduct on the part of the Executive as determined by an affirmative vote of seventy percent (70 of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of Corporation and Bank which brings public discredit to Corporation or Bank; or 
 (g) Executive s breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit. 
 4. CHANGE IN CONTROL DEFINED. As used in this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: 
 (a) (i) a merger, consolidation or division involving Corporation or Bank, (ii) a sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of substantially all of the assets of Corporation or Bank, or (iii) a purchase by Corporation or Bank of substantially all of the assets of another entity, unless (y) such merger, consolidation, division, sale, exchange, transfer, purchase or disposition is approved in advance by seventy percent (70 or more of the members of the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank who are not interested in the transaction and (z) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the legal entity resulting from or existing after any such transaction and of the Board of Directors of such entity s parent corporation, if any, are former members of the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank; or 
 
 2 

(b) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )), other than Corporation or Bank or any person who on the date hereof is a director or officer of Corporation or Bank is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of Corporation or Bank representing twenty-five (25 percent or more of the combined voting power of Corporation or Bank s then outstanding securities ; or 
 (c) during any period of two (2) consecutive years during the term of Executive s employment under this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors of Corporation or Bank cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, unless the election of each director who was not a director at the beginning of such period has been approved in advance by directors representing at least two-thirds of the directors then in office who were directors at the beginning of the period; or 
 (d) any other change in control of Corporation and Bank similar in effect to any of the foregoing. 
 5. DATE OF CHANGE IN CONTROL DEFINED. For purposes of this Agreement, the date of a Change in Control shall mean: 
 (a) the first date on which a single person and/or entity, or group of affiliated persons and/or entities, acquire the beneficial ownership of twenty-five (25 or more of the voting securities of the Corporation or Bank; or 
 (b) the date of the closing of an agreement, transferring all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or Bank; or 
 (c) the date on which a merger, consolidation or business combination involving the Corporation or Bank is consummated, as applicable; or 
 (d) the date on which individuals who formerly constituted a majority of the Board of Directors of the Corporation of Bank under paragraph 4(c) above, cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or Bank. 
 6. NO EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT. This Agreement is not an employment contract. Nothing contained herein shall guarantee or assure Executive of continued employment by Corporation or Bank. Rather, Corporation s and Bank s obligations to Executive hereunder shall arise only if Executive continues to be employed by Corporation and Bank in Executive s present or in a higher capacity and then only in the event the conditions described herein for payment to Executive have been met. 
 7. WAIVER. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and an executive officer specifically designated by the Boards of Directors of Corporation and Bank. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 
 3 

8. ATTORNEY S FEES AND COSTS. If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, each party shall bear their own attorney s fees, costs, and necessary disbursements. 
 9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement supersedes any and all understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to any severance that may become due as a result of or in connection with a Change in Control. This Agreement contains all the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to any severance that may become due as a result of or in connection with a Change in Control. 
 10. SUCCESSORS; BINDING AGREEMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Corporation, Bank and Executive, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives. 
 11. VALIDITY. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 12. APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic, internal laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. 
 13. HEADINGS. The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction or limit the scope or intent of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

ATTEST: 

QNB CORP. 

/s/_Suzanne B. Weisberg_______________ 

/s/ David W. Freeman 
 David W. Freeman, President and CEO 

ATTEST: 

QNB BANK 

/s/ Suzanne B. Weisberg 

/s/ David W. Freeman 
 David W. Freeman, President and CEO 

WITNESS: 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Mary E. Liddle 

/s/ Christina S. McDonald 
 Christina S. McDonald 

5 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21>
 5
 qnbc-ex21_11.htm
 EX-21

qnbc-ex21_11.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 100 Voting Securities Owned by Registrant 

1) 
 
 QNB Bank chartered in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 qnbc-ex231_9.htm
 EX-23.1

qnbc-ex231_9.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-230602), and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-256486 and 333-206134) of QNB Corp. and subsidiary of our report dated March 14, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements which appears in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 qnbc-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

qnbc-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David W. Freeman, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of QNB Corp. 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report. 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. 
 
 The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 
 By: 

/s/ David W. Freeman 

David W. Freeman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 qnbc-ex312_6.htm
 EX-31.2

qnbc-ex312_6.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jeffrey Lehocky, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of QNB Corp. 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report. 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. 
 
 The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 
 By: 

/s/ Jeffrey Lehocky 

Jeffrey Lehocky 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 qnbc-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

qnbc-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADDED BY 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of QNB Corp. (the Company) for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, David W. Freeman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 
 By: 

/s/ David W. Freeman 

David W. Freeman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 qnbc-ex322_10.htm
 EX-32.2

qnbc-ex322_10.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADDED BY 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of QNB Corp. (the Company) for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, Jeffrey Lehocky, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 
 By: 

/s/ Jeffrey Lehocky 

Jeffrey Lehocky 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 qnbc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 qnbc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 qnbc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 qnbc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 qnbc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

