<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1784797_0000950170-23-005481.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25320667</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>477558</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2205049</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13960112</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2406608</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5557474</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005481.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301153124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005481
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Broadmark Realty Capital Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001784797
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				842620891
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39134
		FILM NUMBER:		23693015

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1420 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-971-0800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1420 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trinity Sub Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190806

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005481.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 brmk-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

, par value 0.001 per share 

, each exercisable for one fourth (1/4th) share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 2.875 per one fourth (1/4th) share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion, based on the closing sales price of our common stock on such date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 Ta ble of Contents 

Page 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 3 

PART I. 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 4 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 14 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 39 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 39 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 40 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 40 

PART II. 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 40 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 41 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 42 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 57 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 58 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 92 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTRO LS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 92 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 93 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 93 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 93 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 93 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 93 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 93 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 93 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 94 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 96 

SIGNATURES 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD -LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, strategy and plans, and our expectations of future operations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect the Company s current views with respect to, among other things, capital resources, portfolio performance and projected results of operations. Likewise, the Company s statements regarding anticipated growth in its operations, anticipated market conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of terminology such as outlook, believes, expects, projects, potential, continues, may, will, should, could, seeks, approximately, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates or the negative version of these words or other comparable words or phrases. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on the Company s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that it has anticipated. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ include, but are not limited to: 
 mitigation of loan default rates and ability to timely resolve loans in contractual default status with positive economic outcomes; 

the adequacy of collateral securing our loans and declines in the value of real estate property securing our loans; 

the current and future health and stability of the economy and residential housing market; 

availability of origination and acquisition opportunities acceptable to us; 

increased competition from entities engaged in construction lending activities; 

potential mismatches in the timing of asset repayments and the maturity of the associated financing agreements; 

general economic uncertainty and the effect of general economic conditions on the real estate and real estate capital markets in particular; 

general and local commercial and residential real estate property conditions; 

changes in U.S. federal government policies; 

changes in U.S. federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations that impact our business, assets or classification as a real estate investment trust; 

our ability to pay, maintain or grow the dividend in the future; 

changes in interest rates; 

the availability of, and costs associated with, sources of liquidity; 

compliance with covenants contained in our debt documents; 

the adequacy of our policies, procedures and systems for managing risk effectively; 

the ability to manage future growth; 

changes in personnel and availability of qualified personnel; and 

other factors set forth in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 PART I. 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. Broadmark Realty, the Company, we, us and our ), a Maryland corporation, is an internally managed commercial real estate finance company that has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2019. Based in Seattle, Washington, we specialize in underwriting, funding, servicing and managing a portfolio generally consisting of short-term, first deed of trust loans to fund the construction and development of, or investment in, residential or commercial properties. 
 We generally operate in states that we believe to have favorable demographic trends and that provide more efficient and quicker access to collateral in the event of borrower default. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio of 202 active loans had approximately 1.4 billion of total commitments and 931.0 million of principal outstanding across 162 borrowers in 20 states and the District of Columbia. We refer to loans that have outstanding commitments or principal balances that have not been repaid or retired, including loans in foreclosure, as active loans. Total commitments refer to the aggregate sum of outstanding principal balances, interest reserves and construction holdbacks which includes capital expenditures required to complete construction for defaulted loans that we are no longer required to pay. Historically, our loan portfolio was 100 equity funded, and we had no outstanding debt. On November 12, 2021, we closed the private placement of 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.0 senior unsecured notes due 2026. We may opportunistically issue debt and raise capital in the public and private markets from time to time based on market conditions to fund the growth of our portfolio and produce attractive returns for our stockholders. On February 19, 2021, we closed on a 135.0 million revolving credit facility, which has enabled us to use a larger percentage of our cash balances for lending activities. 
 Properties securing our loans are generally classified as residential properties, commercial properties or land, and are typically not income producing. Each loan is generally secured by a first deed of trust lien on real estate. Our lending policy typically limits the committed amount of each loan to a maximum loan-to-value LTV ratio of up to 65 of the as-complete appraised value of the underlying collateral as determined by an independent appraiser at the time of the loan origination. Our lending policy also typically limits the initial outstanding principal balance of each loan to a maximum LTV of up to 65 of the as-is appraised value of the underlying collateral as determined by an independent appraiser at the time of the loan origination. At the time of origination, the difference between the initial outstanding principal and the total commitment is the amount held back for future release, subject to property inspections, progress reports and other conditions in accordance with the loan documents. Unless otherwise indicated, LTV is measured by the total commitment amount of the loan at origination divided by the as-complete appraisal. LTVs do not reflect interim activity such as construction draws or interest payments capitalized to loans, or partial repayments of the loan. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average LTV was 60.6 across our active loan portfolio, based on the total commitment of the loan and as-complete appraisals as of origination or latest amendment of the loans. Loans in contractual default are designated as non-performing as we have some expectation that the repayment of the loan may not be realized in full. For our loans in contractual default status as of December 31, 2022, the weighted average LTV was approximately 124.8 , when measured by the sum of the principal outstanding, the estimated cost to complete and the accounts receivable for which collectability is reasonably assured, divided by the most recent as-complete appraisal. The weighted average LTV of our loans in contractual default net of our allowance for credit losses was approximately 84.9 . In addition, our loans are often personally guaranteed by the principals of the borrower or affiliated parties at our discretion to provide further credit support for the loan. The loan may also be secured by collateral through a pledge of the guarantor s interest in other real estate or assets owned by the guarantor. Credit enhancements are excluded from the LTV calculation unless they are senior secured positions in real estate. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 40 loans were in contractual default, totaling 250.4 million in principal outstanding, or 26.9 of our aggregate principal outstanding. We are actively identifying resolutions for our non-performing loans but continue to face challenges in the current environment. We expect our non-performing loans to negatively affect our near-term financial performance. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the average total commitment of our active loans was 7.0 million with a weighted average interest rate of 10.2 . The weighted average term outstanding of our active loans was 22 months, which we often elect to extend based on our evaluation of the expected timeline for completion of construction. We usually receive loan origination fees, or points, which as of December 31, 2022, had a weighted average fee of 2.7 of total commitment at origination, along with loan amendment and extension fees, each of which varies in amount based upon the term of the loan, the credit quality of the borrower and the loan otherwise satisfying our underwriting criteria. In addition, we charge late fees on past due receivables and receive reimbursements from borrowers for costs associated with services provided by us, such as closing costs, collection costs on defaulted loans and construction draw inspection fees. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Our typical borrowers include real estate investors, developers and other commercial borrowers. We do not lend to owner-occupants of residential real estate. Loan proceeds are generally used to fund the vertical construction, horizontal development, investment, land acquisition and refinancing of residential properties and commercial properties. We also make loans to fund the renovation and rehabilitation of residential and commercial properties. Our loans are generally structured with an initial advance at closing and additional loan installments disbursed to the borrower upon satisfactory completion of previously agreed stages of construction. 
 A principal source of new transactions has been repeat business from our customers and their referral of new business. We also receive leads for new business from real estate brokers and mortgage brokers, a limited amount of advertising and through our website. 
 We seek to preserve capital through our disciplined underwriting standards. We originate and fund loans generally secured by first deed of trust liens on residential and commercial real estate located in states that we believe have favorable demographic trends and that provide more efficient and quicker access to collateral in the event of borrower default. 
 We built our business on a deep knowledge of the residential and commercial real estate market combined with a risk management approach that is designed to protect and preserve capital. We believe our flexibility and ability to structure loans that address the needs of our borrowers without compromising our standards on risk, our expertise in the loan market and our focus on newly originated first deed of trust loans have been the basis for our success. 
 We primarily compete on the basis of borrower relationships, loan structure, terms and service rather than on price. Additionally, starting in 2021, competitive pressures have led us in many cases to originate loans with terms that deviate from our historical practice. Increased competition and readily available sources of capital through 2021 and into mid 2022 led to lower interest rates on our originated loans in those periods, lower loan origination fees, absence of minimum interest provisions in our mortgage notes, and a change in our general requirement that all of our loans be secured by personal guarantees on a recourse basis. 
 In the latter part of the third quarter of 2022 and continuing into the fourth quarter of 2022, market interest rates have risen markedly and rapidly as a result of the Federal Reserve's actions to curb rising inflation. This led to a significant slowdown in real estate transactions and less capital available in the marketplace to finance real estate projects. Rising interest rates and macroeconomic uncertainties in the capital markets have led to a decrease in the availability of capital from traditional lenders for longer-term financing of completed construction and development projects, which may negatively affect our borrowers' ability to sell or refinance their loan collateral and repay our loans. 
 We have tightened our lending standards and, in some instances, we are not originating loans that have previously met our lending policy. We are focused on capital preservation and ensuring we are positioned to capture opportunities that emerge from this rapidly changing economic environment. 
 As a result of rising interest rates and associated pressures to service or refinance their debt capital, we have started to see many of our competitors slow or pause their loan origination activities. This may lead to decreased competition and pricing pressure on our loan origination activities, although there are no assurances that this will take place. In addition, we continue to believe that the demand/supply imbalance for residential construction-related real estate loans presents significant opportunities for us over the long-term to selectively originate high-quality first deed of trust loans on attractive terms. 
 
 Markets 
 At December 31, 2022, we have active loans in 20 states and the District of Columbia with the majority of loans located in Washington, Colorado, Utah and Texas. We strategically focus on these states as they have exhibited strong population growth. At December 31, 2022, more than 70 of our portfolio was secured by properties located in states ranked in the top ten for migration for the two year period of 2021 and 2022 according to the Census Bureau, including Washington, North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, South Carolina, Tennessee, Utah, Texas, Florida and Idaho. Additionally, each of Washington, Colorado, Utah, Texas, Oregon and Idaho are non-judicial foreclosure states, which we believe encourages borrowers to comply with the loan terms and provides us the option to take control of the collateral more quickly in the event of borrower default. 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Industry and Market Opportunity 
 
 Real estate investment is a capital-intensive business that typically relies heavily on debt capital to acquire, develop, improve, construct, renovate and maintain properties. We focus on providing construction, development and investment loans for the U.S. housing and real estate industries. Due to structural changes in banking, regulation and monetary policies over the last decade, there has been a reduction in the number of conventional lenders extending credit for acquisition, construction and development loans. We believe there continues to be a significant market opportunity to originate real estate loans secured by the underlying real estate as collateral. Our management team further believes that the demand for relatively small real estate loans to construct, develop or invest in residential or commercial real estate, located in states with favorable demographic trends presents a compelling opportunity to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 As a result of limited residential housing supply, net migration trends and tightening of credit for our highly leveraged competitors, we believe the longer-term outlook for new housing demand in our markets remains strong. Per the U.S. Census Bureau, construction spending, measured as construction put in place, totaled 1.8 trillion in 2022, an increase of 10.2 over 2021. With the continued housing deficit expected in 2023 and beyond, as construction costs continue to stabilize and both buyers and sellers settling in on the normalcy of higher rates, we believe the back half of 2023 will be positive for the construction and real estate industry. 
 Business and Growth Strategy 
 Our objective is to preserve and protect stockholder capital while producing attractive risk-adjusted returns primarily through dividends generated by current income from our loan portfolio. Our business strategy is to directly originate, fund, manage and service short-term loans secured by first mortgage liens on real property to enable us to generate attractive returns. 
 We believe our ability to react quickly and have flexibility in terms of structuring loans to meet the needs of borrowers, consistency and expediency in funding future construction draws, intimate knowledge of the relevant markets in which we operate and general focus on newly originated first deed of trust loans positions us to generate strong and consistent income. Our strategy to achieve our objective and grow our business includes the following: 
 continue to increase market share in existing states to satisfy unmet demand; 

increase geographic footprint by focusing on states with favorable economic and demographic trends that provide efficient access to collateral in the event of borrower default; 

capitalize on opportunities created by the long-term structural changes in the real estate lending market resulting from consolidation and increased regulatory oversight of commercial banks and savings institutions; 

utilize the relative strength of our balance sheet to grow our customer and asset base while competitors with weaker balance sheets may be capital constrained; 

maximize earnings generation from deployed capital through timely resolution of loans in contractual default; 

optimize working capital through efficient cash management and the use of our revolving credit facility; 

fund growth via strategic and structured capital sourcing to gradually lower our weighted average cost of capital while maintaining modest leverage relative to our peers; 

remain flexible in order to capitalize on changing sets of investment opportunities that may be present in various points of an economic cycle; and 

operate so as to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income. 

6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Loan Portfolio 
 
 The following table highlights certain information regarding our real estate lending activities as of the dates indicated: 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Number of loans outstanding 

202 

215 

Total principal outstanding (end of period balance) 

931.0 

924.7 

Total commitment 

1,417.3 

1,489.1 

Average total commitment 

7.0 

6.9 

Weighted average contractual interest rate per annum (1) 

10.2 

10.7 

(1) Does not include loan fees. 

The following table sets forth aggregate number of loans and the total original commitment for loans originated during each of the calendar years set forth below: 

Year (dollars in millions) 
 
 Number of Loans 

Total Commitment (1) 

2022 

75 

488.3 

2021 

137 

873.0 

2020 

81 

463.0 

2019 

116 

446.6 

2018 and prior 

934 

1,568.3 

(1) Based on total original loan commitment amounts and excluding amendments. 

We categorize our loans into seven distinct purposes: 
 Vertical Construction. Loans which fund the building or installing of vertical improvements on real property. 

Horizontal Development. Loans which fund the building or installing of horizontal improvements on real property including initial site preparation, ground clearing, installing utilities, and road, sidewalk and gutter paving. 

Acquisition. Loans which fund the acquisition of a property where the intent is generally subsequent financing. 

Land Entitlement. Loans which fund the entitlement of land and to obtain zoning, permitting or legal use to further develop the property. 

Rehabilitation. Loans which fund the renovation or improvement of the physical existence of a real property. 

Bridge. Loans collateralized by completed properties used by borrowers to lease and stabilize an asset with sufficient cash flows to obtain permanent financing. 

Investment. Loans which do not fit into the other purposes described above, such as a cash out refinance or partnership buyout. 

The following table sets forth the number of loans and total commitment amount based on the intended loan purpose, and the percentage of the total commitment by purpose as compared to the total portfolio, in each case at December 31, 2022: 

At December 31, 2022 

Loan Purpose (dollars in millions) 
 
 Number of Loans 

Total Commitment 

of Portfolio 

Vertical Construction 

128 

970.8 

68.4 

Horizontal Development 

34 

287.6 

20.3 

Investment 

15 

47.9 

3.4 

Rehabilitation 

10 

45.1 

3.2 

Land Entitlement 

4 

26.6 

1.9 

Bridge 

4 

23.9 

1.7 

Acquisition 

7 

15.4 

1.1 

Total 

202 

1,417.3 

100.0 

7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 We categorize our loans into five property types: 
 For Sale Residential. All for sale residential product including single family homes, apartments, townhomes, condominiums and other attached product. 

For Rent Residential. All rental residential product including multifamily rental apartments, student housing and senior housing. 

Commercial/Other. Non-residential real estate including medical office, retail, office, self-storage, industrial and hotels. 

Horizontal Development. Vertical construction ready sites including finished single-family lots, finished townhome lots and multifamily and commercial development sites. 

Raw Land. Undeveloped land prior to horizontal development. 

The following table sets forth the number of loans and total commitment amount based on the types of properties securing our mortgage loans, and the percentage of the total commitment by property security of the loan as compared to the total portfolio at December 31, 2022: 

At December 31, 2022 

Property Type (dollars in millions) 
 
 Number of Loans 

Total Commitment 

of Portfolio 

For Sale Residential 

96 

488.3 

34.4 

For Rent Residential 

42 

411.2 

29.0 

Commercial/Other 

31 

242.0 

17.1 

Horizontal Development 

19 

147.1 

10.4 

Raw Land 

14 

128.7 

9.1 

Total 

202 

1,417.3 

100.0 

The following table sets forth the number of loans and total commitment by state, and the percentage of the total commitment by state as compared to the total portfolio at December 31, 2022: 

At December 31, 2022 

State (dollars in millions) 
 
 Number of Loans 

Total Commitment 

of Portfolio 

Washington 

48 

335.5 

23.7 

Colorado 

29 

244.4 

17.2 

Utah 

22 

208.7 

14.7 

Texas 

17 

206.2 

14.5 

Florida 

24 

84.9 

6.0 

Oregon 

11 

57.5 

4.1 

Idaho 

8 

52.5 

3.7 

Minnesota 

1 

48.6 

3.4 

North Carolina 

16 

39.8 

2.8 

Tennessee 

1 

32.3 

2.3 

Illinois 

1 

22.9 

1.6 

Nevada 

1 

19.9 

1.4 

Pennsylvania 

7 

19.3 

1.4 

Georgia 

6 

14.3 

1.0 

South Carolina 

1 

14.3 

1.0 

Maryland 

2 

3.8 

0.3 

District of Columbia 

2 

3.2 

0.2 

Virginia 

2 

3.0 

0.2 

Other states 

3 

6.2 

0.4 

Total 

202 

1,417.3 

100.0 

8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Operations Overview 
 Loan Origination and Due Diligence 
 We are experienced in secured lending, with substantial combined real estate and financial services experience. Our senior management team spends a significant portion of its time on development of borrower relationships as well as on underwriting and structuring the loans in our portfolio. A principal source of our new transactions has been repeat business from existing and former customers and their referral of new business. We are a collateral-based lender and when underwriting a prospective loan, the primary focus of our analysis includes the current and finished property, the borrower s experience and existing equity in the project and local market conditions. Prior to making a final decision on a loan application, we conduct extensive due diligence of the property as well as of the borrower and its principals. 
 The mortgage loans that we originate generally meet the following criteria: 
 Collateral . New loans are generally secured by a first deed of trust lien on real estate. 

Amount . The average total commitment of our active loans was 7.0 million at December 31, 2022. Our lending policy limits exposure to any single borrower or guarantor to 15 of our total assets. 

Loan to Value . The LTV ratio for a loan at origination is typically no more than 65 of the as-complete or as-stabilized appraised value of the underlying collateral on the basis of total loan commitment. The maximum initial outstanding principal balance of the loan at origination is typically 65 of the as-is appraised value of the underlying collateral, in each case as determined by an independent appraiser at the time of the loan origination. 

Interest rate . Our portfolio weighted average interest rate was 10.2 at December 31, 2022 with a late fee of 10 of the principal and receivables outstanding and a default interest rate of 24 per annum for loans in contractual default status. 

Origination fees . Our portfolio weighted average fee was 2.7 of the total commitment at origination at December 31, 2022. In addition, if the term of the loan is extended, additional points are payable upon the extension. 

Term. The weighted average term outstanding of our active loans was 22 months at December 31, 2022. We may agree to extend the maturity date (typically for one to three months) and charge an extension fee, so long as the borrower complies with all loan covenants and the loan otherwise satisfies our underwriting criteria. 

Covenants . To timely pay all taxes, insurance, assessments, and similar charges with respect to the property; to maintain hazard insurance; and to maintain and protect the property. 

Events of default . Include: (i) failure to make the required monthly interest-only loan payment when due; (ii) failure to repay the loan at maturity date if we have not agreed to extend maturity and (iii) breach of covenant. 

Payment terms . Interest only is payable monthly in arrears. Principal is due in a balloon payment at the maturity date. Interest earned from an interest holdback is capitalized in the loan principal balance. 

Escrow . Generally, none required, other than where it is required to obtain the necessary insurance to title. 

Construction Holdbacks . Construction loans typically include a holdback for future construction draws which are funded in arrears following confirmation of work completion. 

Interest Reserves. Loans may also include funds witheld for interest reserves for the purpose of satisfying monthly interest payments over all or part of the term of the loan due to a lack of income generated by the real estate during construction. 

Security . Each loan is evidenced by a promissory note, which is generally secured by a first deed of trust lien on real property owned by the borrower and is typically personally guaranteed on a recourse basis by the principals of the borrower and/or others, at our discretion. The guaranty may be collaterally secured by a pledge of the guarantor s interest in the borrower or other real estate owned by the guarantor. 

Insurance. Each loan is required to carry minimum insurance policies for general liability and builders' risk, which are verified as a part of the underwriting process and monitored on an ongoing basis. 

Fees and Expenses . As is typical in real estate finance transactions, the borrower incurs all expenses in connection with securing the loan, including the cost of a property appraisal, the cost of an environmental assessment report, if any, the cost of a credit report and all title, recording and legal fees. 

9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Upon receipt of a potential borrower s executed loan application, we will commence the underwriting process. Before approving and funding a loan, we undertake extensive due diligence of the borrower, its principals, the guarantor(s) and the property that will be mortgaged to secure the loan. Such due diligence generally includes: 
 Borrower and Guarantor Information . Review of a borrower s credit application, operating agreement or other organizational documents, and review of business and guarantor financial statements and tax returns. 

Confirmatory Collateral Information . Review of an independent appraisal report, preliminary title report, tax records and documentation evidencing proper hazard insurance for improved property and other property information. Loans secured by existing commercial properties require a Phase I environmental site assessment. 

Project Transaction Information . Review of the property purchase and sale agreement, title insurance, itemized construction budget, project schedule with milestones, building permits/entitlements, building plans, and building specifications and architectural renderings, resumes and recent projects of builder and architect and marketing plans and materials. 

Physical Inspection . We perform a physical inspection of the property, which includes a check of the property s location, characteristics, qualities, and potential value as represented by the borrower, as well as a review of the comparable properties identified in the independent appraisal report in order to confirm that the properties identified as comparable in the appraisal report are truly comparable. 

Loan Servicing 
 We service all of our loans internally, and manage loan payments, draw requests and loan accounting records. The loan draw process in particular is an important part of our business as it provides borrowers with quick access to capital in order to keep their projects moving and allows us to inspect the quality and pace of the borrower s work. Once a borrower has submitted a draw request, we often will have the property physically inspected by an approved third-party to ensure that the work for which funding is being requested has been completed in a manner satisfactory to us. In addition, any required county and city inspections are completed, and a date-down endorsement of the title policy is typically provided by the title company indicating no liens have been placed on the property since its original issuance of the title insurance policy before funds are disbursed. If the request is made for the final draw of a project, a certificate of occupancy or sign-off by the city is required prior to disbursement. Although the process is thorough, we make a point of responding to draw requests as quickly as possible as timing is of paramount importance to a project s success. 
 In addition, we conduct periodic testing, process loan payoff requests, and collect past due and delinquent payments. In the case of a contractual loan default, we have broad authority to take such actions as we believe best in working out the defaulted loan, including selling the defaulted loan or foreclosing on the real property serving as collateral for the loan. 
 Loan Funding 
 We intend to fund our growth through issuance of debt and equity capital in the public and private markets and use of cash management tools such as our revolving credit facility. 
 Competition 
 Real estate lending is a competitive business. We compete for lending opportunities with a variety of institutional lenders and investors, including hard money lenders, mortgage REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage banks, credit unions, insurance companies, mutual funds, pension funds, private equity real estate funds, hedge funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, non-bank financial institutions, governmental bodies, family offices and high net worth individuals. New parties continue to enter the market resulting in increased competition and pricing pressure. 
 We primarily compete on the basis of borrower relationships, product offerings, loan structure, terms and service rather than on price. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and capitalize on relationships with borrowers and their representatives, offer creative structures and attractive loan terms and, most importantly, provide superior service. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Seasonality 
 While we typically originate loans year-round, incremental loan disbursements are made with greater frequency during the spring, summer and fall, when weather is generally more favorable for construction, and borrowers complete previously agreed stages of construction, allowing developers to draw down on additional amounts of capital available under their loan agreements. As a result of these more frequent disbursements, we generally maintain greater total liquidity to fund disbursements during these seasons. 
 Human Capital 
 Our culture is defined by our core values of integrity, collaboration, diversity, accountability, reliability and community. Our employees represent our greatest asset. We value our employees by investing in a healthy work-life balance, competitive compensation and benefit packages and a vibrant, team-oriented environment centered on open and compassionate communication. We strive to build and maintain a high-performing culture by creating a work environment that attracts and retains outstanding, engaged employees who embody our company mission of Empowering real estate developers and investors to improve places and spaces in our communities. The most significant human capital measures or objectives that we focus on in managing our business and our related human capital initiatives include the following: 
 Demographics. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 63 full-time employees across the United States. 

Diversity and Inclusion. We strive toward having a diverse team of employees, knowing we are better together with our combined wisdom and intellect. With a commitment to equality, inclusion and workplace diversity, we focus on understanding, accepting and valuing the differences between people. We value and embrace diversity in our employee recruiting, hiring and development practices. Of our employee population, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 43 are women and approximately 43 have self-identified as Hispanic or Latino, Native American, Pacific Islander, Asian, Black or African American, or of two or more races. We have a long-standing commitment to equal employment opportunity. We do not tolerate discrimination or harassment. 

Compensation and Benefits. We provide a competitive compensation and benefits program to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs include discretionary annual bonuses and stock awards, a 401(k) Plan with an employer matching contribution and no service-based vesting requirement, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings, paid time off, family leave and an employee assistance program. 

Communication and Engagement. We strongly believe that our success depends on employees understanding how their work contributes to the Company s overall strategy. To this end, we communicate with our workforce through a variety of channels and encourage open and direct communication, including semi-monthly company-wide calls with executives and frequent email corporate communications. To continuously monitor and improve employee performance and engagement, we conduct annual performance reviews. We also provide training to our people managers on management and leadership development. 

Health, Safety and Wellness. In 2022 and continuing to the present, we have prioritized the health, safety, and wellness of our employees as we continue to adapt to the post-COVID world. To ensure their well-being, we have implemented a hybrid work schedule and provided necessary resources such as ergonomic equipment. We have also established policies and procedures to maintain a safe and healthy work environment. In addition, we make a point to regularly communicate with and be responsive to the needs and concerns of our employees. 

Community Partnership . We match each employee s financial contribution to eligible nonprofit organizations on a dollar-for-dollar basis, up to 1,000 per employee each calendar year, to increase the impact of their charitable gifts. Each employee also receives eight hours per calendar year of paid volunteer time off to use at the eligible non-profit(s) of his or her choice, and we donate 25 to the organization for each hour volunteered by our employees. 

Regulation and Compliance 
 Our operations are subject, in certain circumstances, to supervision and regulation by state and U.S. federal government authorities and may be subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions. In addition, Broadmark Realty and our subsidiaries may rely on exemptions from various requirements of the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act. These exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may, in certain circumstances, depend on compliance by third parties who we do not control. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Regulation of Commercial Real Estate Lending Activities 
 In general, commercial real estate lending is a highly regulated industry in the United States. Certain states have adopted laws or regulations that may, among other requirements, require licensing of lenders and financiers, prescribe disclosures of certain contractual terms, impose limitations on interest rates and other charges, and limit or prohibit certain collection practices and creditor remedies. We are required to comply with the applicable laws and regulations in the states in which we do business. We are also required to comply with, among other statutes and regulations, certain provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act that are applicable to commercial loans, the USA Patriot Act and regulations promulgated by the Office of Foreign Asset Control. 
 Exemptions from Investment Management Regulation 
 Although we reserve the right to modify our business methods at any time, we believe that none of the Company or our subsidiary that issues and holds the mortgages (the Mortgage Subsidiary is currently required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, our business strategies may evolve over time. 
 
 Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of such issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Excluded from the term investment securities are, among other things, securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exclusion from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
 The Company believes it will not be considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act because it will not engage primarily, or propose to engage primarily, or hold itself out as being engaged primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, the Company is primarily engaged in the non-investment company business of its wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 
 The Company believes that it will not be considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act. The Company is a holding company that conducts its operations and holds assets primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including the Mortgage Subsidiary. The Mortgage Subsidiary is excluded from the definition of investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act, which provides an exclusion for companies engaged primarily in investment in mortgages and other liens on or interests in real estate. In order to qualify for this exclusion, the Mortgage Subsidiary must maintain, on the basis of positions taken by the SEC s Division of Investment Management in interpretive and no-action letters, a minimum of 55 of the value of its total assets in mortgage loans and other related assets that are considered mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate Qualifying Interests ), and a minimum of 80 in Qualifying Interests and real estate-related assets. In the absence of SEC guidance that supports the treatment of other investments as Qualifying Interests, the Mortgage Subsidiary will treat those other investments appropriately as real estate-related assets or miscellaneous assets depending on the circumstances. With respect to the Company s other subsidiaries that maintain this exclusion or another exclusion or exception under the Investment Company Act (other than Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof), or otherwise do not meet the definition of investment company, the Company s interests in these subsidiaries do not and will not constitute investment securities. 
 
 Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is required to register under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or under any state securities laws, based on their current activities. 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1420 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2000, Seattle, Washington 98101, and our telephone number is (206) 971 0800. We maintain a website on the Internet at http://www.broadmark.com. The information contained on the website is not incorporated by reference into this Report. Broadmark Realty makes available on or through its website certain reports and amendments to those reports that it files with or furnishes to the Commission in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These include Broadmark Realty s Annual Reports on Form 10 K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q and its Current Reports on Form 8 K and any amendments thereto. Broadmark Realty makes this information available on its website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files the information with, or furnish it to, the Commission. Additionally, the Commission maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us, at www.sec.gov. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 ITEM 1A.	RISK FACTORS 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 The risk factors summarized and detailed below could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, the market price of our common stock, and our ability to, among other things, satisfy our debt service obligations and to make distributions to our stockholders, which in turn could cause our stockholders to lose all or a part of their investment. These are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. Material risks that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations include, but are not necessarily limited to, those relating to: 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and competition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our inability to manage future growth effectively could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Loss of one or more members of our senior management team or our inability to hire and retain qualified loan originators or grow and maintain our relationships with key loan brokers, may limit our ability to implement our business and growth strategies. 

Market Risks Related to Real Estate Loans 
 A prolonged economic slowdown, or lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values, particularly in a market where our loans are concentrated, could increase loans in contractual default and impairments on the carrying value of our loans. 

An increase in interest rates could adversely affect our ability to originate new loans in order to generate income and pay dividends. 

Risks Related to Our Loan Portfolio 
 We may be adversely affected by the economies and other conditions of the markets in which we operate, and in particular, that of certain states in which we have a high concentration of loans. 

Our inability to mitigate increases in loan default rates and our inability to manage loans in default could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

We make short-term construction loans, which are subject to additional risks as compared to loans secured by existing structures or land. 

Declining real estate valuations could result in impairment charges, the determination of which involves a significant amount of judgment on our part. 

Our reserves for credit losses may prove inadequate. 

We may need to foreclose on certain of the loans we originate or acquire, which could result in losses on our loans. 

Risks Related to Our Financing 
 If we do not increase our working capital, we will not be able to grow our business. 

We may increase the amount of leverage we use in our financing strategy, which would subject us to greater risk of loss. 

Covenants in our debt documents limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach and our repayment obligations could materially adversely affect our operations, financial condition and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 

14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Risks Related to Our REIT Qualification and Investment Management Regulation 
 Our failure to qualify or maintain our status as a REIT, subjecting us to taxation as a regular C corporation, creating a substantial tax liability and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 

Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to some taxes that will reduce our cash flow. 

The REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and may force us to incur debt or sell assets during unfavorable market conditions to make such distributions. 

We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the market price of our stock. 

We may be subject to adverse tax consequences if the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS were to determine that one or more of our Predecessor Companies (as hereinafter defined) failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 Our management team has broad discretion in the use of proceeds of securities offerings and, despite our efforts, we may invest or spend the proceeds of offerings in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a significant return. 

The development or identification of a material weakness could result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 

Certain provisions of Maryland law and our Charter could inhibit changes of control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that could involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests. 

We could increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of stock, classify and reclassify unissued stock and issue stock without stockholder approval. 

General Risks 
 Public health crises and epidemics such as COVID-19 may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Cybersecurity threats and other security breaches and disruptions could compromise sensitive information belonging to us or our employees, borrowers and other counterparties and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

If our common stock becomes subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, the trading market in our common stock may become significantly more limited, which would make transactions in our common stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our common stock. 

There can be no guarantee that we will make distributions or generate yields comparable to our current or historic levels. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and competition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and we believe these conditions will persist for the foreseeable future as the financial services industry continues to consolidate, producing larger, better capitalized and more geographically diverse companies with broad product and service offerings, and new entrants come into the real estate lending market. As a result, our profitability depends, in large part, on our ability to compete effectively. 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Our existing and potential future competitors include hard money lenders, mortgage REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage banks, credit unions, insurance companies, mutual funds, pension funds, private equity funds, hedge funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, non-bank financial institutions, governmental bodies, family offices and high net worth individuals. We may also compete with companies that partner with and/or receive financing from the U.S. government. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. In addition, larger and more established competitors may enjoy significant competitive advantages, including enhanced operating efficiencies, more extensive referral networks, greater and more favorable access to investment capital and more desirable lending opportunities. Several of these competitors, including mortgage REITs, are expected to raise significant amounts of capital, which enables them to make larger loans or a greater number of loans. Some competitors may also have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that may not be available to us, such as funding from various governmental agencies or under various governmental programs for which we are not eligible. Many of these competitors have been aggressively pursuing yields. This has resulted in pricing pressure on our business, which has driven, and we expect will continue to drive, increased variability in the amount of our loan originations from quarter-to-quarter and the yields we are able to achieve on new loans. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of possible loan transactions or to offer more favorable financing terms than we could. For example, we may find that the pool of potential qualified borrowers available to us is limited. Finally, as a REIT and because we operate in a manner intended to be exempt from the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), we may face further restrictions to which some of our competitors may not be subject. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. As a result of these competitive factors, we may not in the future be able to originate and fund mortgage loans on favorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Our inability to manage future growth effectively could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to implement our business strategy and grow our business depends upon our ability to identify and originate additional mortgage loans that meet our underwriting criteria, which may include making loans in additional geographic areas where we have little experience and understanding of the market. Additionally, we may not be able to hire and train sufficient personnel or develop management, information and operating systems suitable for our growth. Any failure to effectively manage our future growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 In the future, we may modify our underwriting standards and methods of obtaining financing to make mortgage loans without stockholder approval, which may increase the level of risk in an investment in our securities. 
 While we have no current intention of modifying the historical loan initiation standards in any material manner, we have evolved our underwriting criteria in some respects and may in the future alter them more significantly if we believe it would be favorable to our business. For example, we have recently modified our requirement that all of our loans be secured by personal guarantees by the project sponsor on a recourse basis. In addition, the criteria necessary for a borrower to qualify for a loan may be made less stringent, which could result in an increased amount of loan defaults. We may also determine in the future to issue preferred stock and may incur additional indebtedness to fund an increase of our loan portfolio or for other working capital purposes. Any such actions may be taken without stockholder approval. Issuing preferred stock or incurring additional indebtedness may reduce the amount of capital that will be available for distribution to stockholders and the amount available to make new loans if the funds are necessary to make required payments under such instruments. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 We depend on our management teams, the loss of any of whom could threaten our ability to operate our business successfully. 
 Our future success depends, to a significant extent, upon the continued services of our management team. The mortgage lending experience of our management team and the extent and nature of relationships they have developed with developers and owners of residential and commercial properties are critical to our success. We cannot assure their continued employment. For example, on November 7, 2022, we announced the resignation of our Chief Executive Officer and the appointment of an interim Chief Executive Officer and interim President. In addition, on October 14, 2022, we announced the resignation of our Chief Financial Officer and the appointment of a new Chief Financial Officer, effective December 1, 2022. Also in 2022, we eliminated the positions of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Credit Officer. Recent and potential future management turnover may make it more challenging to effectively manage and lead our business and to attract and retain personnel, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be able to hire and retain qualified loan originators or grow and maintain our relationships with key loan brokers, and if we are unable to do so, our ability to implement our business and growth strategies could be limited. 
 We depend on our loan originators to generate borrower clients by, among other things, developing relationships with commercial property owners, real estate agents and brokers, developers and others, which we believe leads to repeat and referral business. Accordingly, we must be able to attract, motivate and retain skilled loan originators. The market for loan originators is highly competitive and may lead to increased costs to hire and retain them. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to attract or retain qualified loan originators. If we cannot attract, motivate or retain a sufficient number of skilled loan originators, at a reasonable cost or at all, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We also depend on our network of loan brokers, who generate a significant portion of our loan originations. While we strive to cultivate long-standing relationships that generate repeat business for us, brokers are free to transact business with other lenders and have done so in the past and will do so in the future. Our competitors also have relationships with some of our brokers and actively compete with us in bidding on loans shopped by these brokers. We also cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain or develop new relationships with additional brokers. 
 We may not be able to obtain or maintain required licenses and authorizations to conduct our business and may fail to comply with various state and U.S. federal laws and regulations applicable to our business. 
 In general, lending is a highly regulated industry in the United States and we are required to comply with, among other statutes and regulations, certain provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act that are applicable to commercial loans, the USA Patriot Act, regulations promulgated by the Office of Foreign Asset Control, and U.S. federal and state securities laws and regulations. In addition, certain states have adopted laws or regulations that may, among other requirements, require licensing of lenders and financiers, prescribe disclosures of certain contractual terms, impose limitations on interest rates and other charges, and limit or prohibit certain collection practices and creditor remedies. 
 There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain, maintain or renew any required licenses or authorizations to conduct our business or that we would not experience significant delays in obtaining these licenses and authorizations. As a result, we could be delayed in conducting certain business if we were first required to obtain certain licenses or authorizations or if renewals thereof were delayed. Furthermore, once licenses are issued and authorizations are obtained, we are required to comply with various information reporting and other regulatory requirements to maintain those licenses and authorizations, and there is no assurance that we will be able to satisfy those requirements or other regulatory requirements applicable to our business on an ongoing basis, which may restrict our business and could expose us to penalties or other claims. 
 Any failure to obtain, maintain or renew required licenses and authorizations or failure to comply with regulatory requirements that are applicable to our business could result in material fines and disruption to our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 The accuracy of our financial statements may be materially affected if our estimates, including allowance for credit losses, prove to be inaccurate. 
 Financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Different estimates, judgments and assumptions reasonably could be used that would have a material effect on the financial statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments and assumptions are likely to occur from period to period in the future. Significant areas of accounting requiring the application of management s judgment include but are not limited to assessing the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses and assessing impairments on real estate held for use or held for sale. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain, especially in turbulent economic times, and, if they prove to be wrong, then we face the risk that charges to income will be required, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 We may be subject to lender liability litigation. 
 A number of judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various legal theories, collectively termed lender liability. Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. From time to time, borrowers or other participants in projects we have financed have threatened lender liability claims against us and may do so in the future. We cannot assure you that such claims will not arise or that we will not be subject to significant liability if a claim of this type were to arise. 
 Several members of our senior management team do not have prior experience in operating a public company. 
 Our interim Chief Executive Officer did not have experience in managing a publicly traded company prior to the business combination Business Combination consummated November 14, 2019. Our new Chief Financial Officer, as of December 1, 2022, does not have experience in managing a publicly traded company. As such, our management team may encounter difficulties in successfully or effectively complying with our reporting and other obligations under U.S. federal securities laws and other regulations and in connection with operating as a public company. Our management team has been and may continue to be required to devote significant time to these activities, which could result in less time being devoted to our management and growth. 
 If members or former members of our management engage in business activities of the types conducted by us, we may be materially adversely affected. 
 Certain members and former members of our management and their affiliates have in the past provided management services to other real estate lending companies that originate and acquire mortgages. In prior years, such persons invested in second deed of trust liens for their own accounts or for the accounts of others, where we have generally made a first deed of trust lien, or in the equity of a borrower or the developer that owns the secured property. Certain members and former members of our management have entered into restrictive covenant agreements with non-competition provisions. If these agreements are not effective in preventing these parties from engaging in business activities that are competitive with us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Market Risks Related to Real Estate Loans 
 A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values could impair our loans and harm our operations. 
 A prolonged economic slowdown, a recession or declining real estate values could impair the performance of our loans and harm our financial condition and results of operations and limit our ability to raise capital. As a result, we believe the risks associated with our business will be more severe during periods of economic slowdown or recession because these periods are likely to be accompanied by declining real estate values and declining demand for new mortgage loan originations. Declining real estate values have in the past and are likely in the future to have one or more of the following adverse consequences: 
 reduce the level of new mortgage loan originations since borrowers often use appreciation in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase or investment in additional properties; 

18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 make it more difficult for existing borrowers to remain current on their payment obligations; 

significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on our loans in the event of default because the value of collateral may be insufficient to cover our cost on the loan; and 

reduce the speed or ability for our mortgages to be repaid at maturity through the sale or refinance of our collateral. 

Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect both our interest income from loans in our portfolio as well as our ability to originate new loans, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 In addition, public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which has broadly impacted the economy, could have a material adverse effect on economic activity, including our business by reducing the demand for commercial or residential real estate that our borrowers might have developed or increasing the time and expense of such development projects. 
 An increase in interest rates could adversely affect our ability to originate new loans in order to generate income and pay dividends. 
 Rising interest rates generally reduce the demand for mortgage loans due to the higher cost of borrowing. The rising cost of borrowing may cause reduced demand for real estate, possibly resulting in declining real estate values. In the later part of third quarter of 2022, market interest rates rose markedly and rapidly primarily as a result of the Federal Reserve's actions to curb rapidly rising inflation, which has led to a significant slowdown in real estate transactions and less capital available in the marketplace to finance real estate projects. Rising interest rates and macroeconomic uncertainties in the capital markets have, and may in the future, led to a decrease in the availability of capital from traditional lenders for longer-term financing of completed construction and development projects, which may negatively affect our borrowers' ability to sell or refinance their collateral and repay our loans. Declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on our loans in the event of default. In addition, rising interest rates may also cause loans that we originated prior to an interest rate increase to provide yields that are below prevailing market interest rates. These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Prepayment rates are difficult to predict and may result in excess capital; the inability to redeploy this capital at comparable yields or risk could result in lower income. 
 The frequency at which prepayments (including both voluntary prepayments by the borrowers and liquidations due to defaults and foreclosures) occur on our mortgage loans is difficult to predict and is affected by a variety of factors, including the prevailing level of interest rates, economic, demographic, tax, social, legal, legislative and other factors. To the extent that faster prepayment rates occur, the principal payments received from prepayments may be reinvested in lower-yielding mortgage loans, which may reduce our income in the long run. Therefore, if actual prepayment rates differ from anticipated prepayment rates, then there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Risks Related to Our Loan Portfolio 
 
 We may be adversely affected by the economies and other conditions of the markets in which we operate, and in particular, that of certain states in which we have a high concentration of loans. 
 The geographic distribution of our loan portfolio exposes us to risks associated with the real estate and commercial lending industry in general, and to a greater extent within the states and regions in which we have concentrated our loans. These risks include, without limitation: 
 declining real estate values; 

overbuilding; 

extended vacancies of properties; 

increases in operating expenses such as property taxes and energy costs; 

19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 changes in zoning laws; 

rising unemployment rates; 

occurrence of environmental events; 

rising casualty or condemnation losses; and 

uninsured damages from floods, hurricanes, earthquakes or other natural disasters. 

At December 31, 2022, our mortgage loans were most concentrated in the following four states: 

At December 31, 2022 

State (dollars in millions) 
 
 Total Commitment 

of Portfolio 

Washington 

335.5 

23.7 

Colorado 

244.4 

17.2 

Utah 

208.7 

14.7 

Texas 

206.2 

14.5 

Total top four states 

994.8 

70.1 

Other 

422.5 

29.9 

Total 

1,417.3 

100.0 

While we make loans in additional markets, we remain particularly subject to the general economic and market conditions in the four states identified above. The occurrence of any one or more of the above enumerated conditions in such states could cause a decline in the value of properties securing our loans which would reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to borrowers to repay their loans. 
 
 In the event that we should foreclose on a property, we may be unable to sell it at a value that would allow us to recoup the proceeds of the loan. Any such events that would increase volatility of values of residential and commercial properties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Additionally, other neighboring states may become more attractive for investors, developers, builders and other commercial borrowers based on favorable costs and other conditions to construct or improve or renovate real estate properties. Changes in other markets may result in increased development and demand for loans in those markets and result in a corresponding decrease in development and demand for loans in the markets in which we concentrate our loan activity. Any adverse economic or real estate developments or any adverse changes in the local business climate in any such states could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Borrowers that incur mortgage loans from us may not qualify for conventional bank financing or would be regarded as higher risk borrowers, and on such basis, may be more likely to default on repayment of their loans. 
 Borrowers who are obligated under the mortgage loans that we issue are sometimes persons who do not qualify for conventional bank financing or who could be regarded to be higher risk borrowers. Consequently, these borrowers are more likely to default on the repayment of their obligations. In the event of any default under a mortgage loan issued by us, we will bear a risk of loss to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, and any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 In addition, we extend mortgage loans to borrowers who are not organized as single purpose entities. A single purpose entity structure can allow a lender to better isolate the borrower and its assets from consolidation into a bankruptcy case filed on behalf of its affiliates. Because we extend mortgage loans to borrowers not organized as single purpose entities, there could be an increased risk that we may not be able to maintain our security interest in the mortgage collateral, thereby decreasing recovery in the event of a default in a mortgage loan. 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Short-term loans may involve a greater risk of loss than traditional mortgage loans. 
 Borrowers usually use the proceeds of a long-term mortgage loan or sale to repay a short-term loan. Typically, we issue short-term mortgage loans with initial terms less than 22 months, subject to extension at our option. We may therefore depend on a borrower s ability to obtain permanent financing or sell the property to repay our loan, which could depend on market conditions and other factors. In a period of rising interest rates or tightening credit markets, it may be more difficult for borrowers to obtain long-term financing, which increases the risk of non-payment. Short-term loans are also subject to risks of borrower defaults, bankruptcies, fraud, losses and special hazard losses that are not covered by standard hazard insurance. In the event of a default, we bear the risk of loss of principal and non-payment of interest and fees to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the mortgage collateral and the principal amount and unpaid interest of the loan. To the extent we suffer any such losses with respect to our mortgage loans, such losses could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 We make construction loans, which are subject to additional risks as compared to loans secured by existing structures or land. 
 Substantially all of our loans are construction loans, which are subject to additional risks that may not be applicable to loans secured by existing structures and land. Construction budgets may be unrealistic or unforeseen variables may arise, prolonging the development and increasing the costs of the construction project, which may delay the borrower s ability to sell or rent the finished property, which could adversely affect repayment of the loan. While we believe we have reasonable procedures in place to manage construction funding loans, there can be no certainty that we will not suffer losses on construction loans. In addition, if a builder fails to complete a project, we may be required to complete the project. Any such default could result in a substantial increase in costs in excess of the original budget and delays in completion of the project. 
 Furthermore, construction loans are subject to risks of cost overruns and non-completion for construction, renovation, refurbishment or expansion by a borrower of a mortgaged property. Costs of construction or renovation to bring a property up to market standards for the intended use of that property may exceed original estimates, possibly making a project uneconomical. Other risks may include environmental risks, permitting risks, other construction risks, and subsequent leasing of the property not being completed on schedule or at projected rental rates. If such construction or renovation is not completed in a timely manner, or if it costs more than expected, the borrower may experience a prolonged reduction of net operating income and may be unable to make payments of interest or principal to us, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Additionally, we may make construction loans without having all the funds on hand that will ultimately be required for final funding of the loan. In the event that we suffer substantial borrower defaults, overestimate the pace of repayments of loans or are unable to obtain or raise additional capital, we may be unable to fund all of our construction loan commitments. In the event that we suffer substantial borrower defaults, or are unable to raise additional capital, we may be unable to fund a performing construction loan. 
 Any default on a construction loan by a borrower, or our default in funding a construction loan as called for in the loan agreement, could have a material adverse effect to our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Loans secured by first deed of trust liens on real estate are subject to increased risk. 
 None of our loans secured by real property are guaranteed by the U.S. government or any government sponsored enterprise. Therefore, the value of mortgages on such loans is significantly impacted by the value of the underlying property, the creditworthiness and financial position of the borrower and the enforceability of the lien. In the event of a foreclosure, we may assume direct ownership of the underlying collateral. The liquidation proceeds upon sale of such real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, and any costs or delays involved in the foreclosure or liquidation process may increase losses. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Further, mortgage loans are also subject to special hazard risk (property damage caused by hazards, such as earthquakes or environmental hazards, not covered by standard property insurance policies), and to bankruptcy risk (reduction in a borrower s mortgage debt by a bankruptcy court). In addition, claims may be assessed against us on account of our position as a mortgage holder or property owner, including assignee liability, responsibility for tax payments, environmental hazards and other liabilities. In some cases, these liabilities may be recourse liabilities or may otherwise lead to losses in excess of the purchase price of the related mortgage or property, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. In addition, our loans are or will be illiquid, and if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments. 
 Most of our loans include a balloon payment at maturity, which payment commonly represents the full amount due under the loan. Failure by borrowers to make the balloon payments when due could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 Our loan payment terms customarily require a balloon payment at maturity. Given the fact that many of the properties securing our loans are not income producing, and most of the borrowers are entities with no assets other than the single property that is the subject of the loan, borrowers may have considerable difficulty making the balloon payment at maturity. Borrowers inability to repay loans at maturity, together with all the accrued interest thereon, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Many of the properties securing our mortgage loans are not income producing, thus increasing the risks of delinquency and foreclosure. 
 Most of our loans are secured by properties, whether residential or commercial, that are under development, construction or renovation and are not income producing. The risks of delinquency and foreclosure on these properties may be greater than similar risks associated with loans made on the security of income producing properties. In the case of income producing properties, the ability of a borrower to repay the loan typically depends primarily upon the successful operation of such property. If the net operating income of the subject property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan, or our ability to receive adequate returns on its loans, may be impaired. 
 In the case of non-income producing properties, the expectation is that our loans will be repaid out of sale or refinancing proceeds. Thus, the borrower s ability to repay our mortgage loans will depend, to a great extent, on the value of the property at the maturity date of the loan. In the event of any default under a mortgage loan issued by us, we will bear a risk of loss to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, and any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan may be an expensive and lengthy process, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Declining real estate valuations could result in impairment charges, the determination of which involves a significant amount of judgment on our part. Any impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We review our loan portfolio for impairment on a quarterly and annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment include, but are not limited to, a sustained significant decrease in the value of the collateral securing the loan, including the value of the real estate and other assets pledged to secure the loan as well as personal guarantees by the principals of the borrower, or a borrower s inability to stay current with respect to its obligations under the terms of the loan. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining the presence of an indicator of impairment. When we determine that the value of the collateral is less than the amount outstanding on the loan or the amount that may become due upon the maturity of the loan, a loss must be recognized for the difference between the fair value of the property and the carrying value of the loan. The evaluation of the market value of the underlying collateral requires a significant amount of judgment on our part. Any impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Our reserves for credit losses may prove inadequate, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We evaluate our loans, and we will evaluate the adequacy of any future reserves for credit losses we are required to recognize, on a quarterly basis. In the future, we may maintain varying levels of credit loss reserves. Our determination of asset-specific credit loss reserves may rely on material estimates regarding the fair value of any loan collateral. The estimation of ultimate credit losses, provision expenses and loss reserves is a complex and subjective process. As such, there can be no assurance that our judgment will prove to be correct and that any future credit loss reserves will be adequate over time to protect against losses inherent in our portfolio at any given time. Any such losses could be caused by various factors, including, but not limited to, unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or events adversely affecting specific assets, borrowers, industries in which our borrowers operate or markets in which our borrowers or their properties are located. If our future reserves for credit losses prove inadequate, we may suffer losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 We may need to foreclose on certain of the loans in our portfolio, which could result in losses that harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on certain of the loans we originate through foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, and the ownership of real property collateral securing our loans and the foreclosure process may be lengthy and expensive. If we foreclose on an asset, we may take title to the property securing that asset, and if we do not or cannot sell the property on terms attractive to us, we would own and operate it as real estate owned. Owning and operating real property involves risks that are different (and in many ways more significant) than the risks faced in owning a loan secured by that property. The costs associated with operating and redeveloping real estate owned property, including any operating shortfalls and significant capital expenditures, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. These risks are heightened based upon our limited experience owning and operating properties. In addition, at such time that we elect to sell such property, the liquidation proceeds upon sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis, resulting in a loss to us. Furthermore, any costs or delays involved in the maintenance or liquidation of the underlying property will further reduce the net proceeds and, thus, increase the loss that we recognize upon sale of such property. 
 We cannot assure you as to the adequacy of the protection of the terms of the applicable loan, including the validity or enforceability of the loan and the maintenance of the anticipated priority and perfection of the applicable security interests. Furthermore, claims may be asserted by borrowers that might interfere with enforcement of our rights. Borrowers may resist foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against us, including, without limitation, lender liability claims and defenses, even when the assertions may have no basis in fact, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action and seek to force the lender into a modification of the loan or a favorable buy-out of the borrower s position in the loan. At any time prior to or during the foreclosure proceedings, the borrower may file for bankruptcy, which would have the effect of staying the foreclosure actions and further delaying the foreclosure process and potentially resulting in a reduction or discharge of a borrower s debt. Foreclosure may create a negative public perception of the related property, resulting in a diminution of its value. 
 We may also be subject to environmental liabilities arising from such properties acquired in the foreclosure process. See the risk factor entitled Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of properties that we may acquire or the properties underlying our loans for additional information regarding potential environmental liabilities. 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 To the extent that our loan documentation or files contain defects, inaccuracies or inconsistencies, or our loan due diligence processes prove to be inadequate, we could experience decreased recoveries in the event of foreclosure and thereby potentially reduce the amount of distributions to our common stockholders. 
 While we endeavor to maintain accurate and complete loan documentation and loan files, from time to time, our loan documentation and files may contain defects, inaccuracies or inconsistencies, or information that is incorrect or out of date. To the extent this occurs, or our loan due diligence processes prove to be inadequate, there is a risk that, in the event of a default, we will not be able to enforce our rights to foreclose upon the collateral securing such defaulted loans. If this were to occur, the amount available to our common stockholders for distributions could potentially be reduced. 
 Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of properties that we may acquire or the properties underlying our loans. 
 Liability relating to environmental matters may decrease the value of the underlying properties securing our loans and may adversely affect the ability of a person to sell or rent such property or borrow using such property as collateral. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released on, about, under or in its property. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. We do not always conduct a Phase I environmental survey as part of our underwriting process. To the extent that an owner of an underlying property becomes liable for removal costs, testing, monitoring, remediation, bodily injury or property damage, the ability of the owner to make debt payments may be reduced, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the relevant mortgage asset related to such property. If we acquire any properties by foreclosure or otherwise, the presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect the property s value and our ability to sell the property. Additionally, we may incur substantial remediation costs, thereby harming our financial condition. The discovery of environmental liabilities attached to such properties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. Moreover, some U.S. federal, state and local laws provide that, in certain situations, a secured lender, such as ourselves, may be liable as an owner or operator of the real property, regardless of whether the borrower or previous owner caused the environmental damage. Therefore, the presence of hazardous substances on certain property could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Our due diligence may not reveal all of the risks associated with a mortgage loan or the property that will be mortgaged to secure the loan, which could lead to losses. 
 Despite our efforts to manage credit risk, there are many aspects of credit risk that we cannot control. Our credit policies and procedures may not be successful in limiting future delinquencies, defaults and losses, or they may not be cost effective. Our underwriting reviews and due diligence procedures may not be effective in identifying all potential credit risks. Borrower and guarantor circumstances could change during the term of the loan. The value of the properties collateralizing or underlying the loans may decline. The frequency of default and the loss severity on loans upon default may be greater than we anticipate. If properties securing our mortgage loans become real estate owned as a result of foreclosure, we bear the risk of not being able to sell the property and recover our investment and of being exposed to the risks attendant to the ownership of real property. 
 Before approving and funding a mortgage loan, we undertake due diligence of the borrower, its principals (if the borrower is not an individual) and the property that will be mortgaged to secure the loan. Such due diligence includes review of (i) the credit history of the borrower if an individual, and to the extent available and considered materially significant, a business entity, if applicable, (ii) the borrower and guarantor or guarantors financial statements and tax returns, (iii) the independently appraised value of the property, (iv) legal and lien searches against the borrower, the guarantors and the property, (v) where deemed appropriate, a certificate or insurance binder of hazard insurance, (vi) a review of the documentation related to the property, including title information and (vii) other reviews and/or assessments that we may deem appropriate to conduct. There can be no assurance that we will conduct any specific level of due diligence, or that, among other things, the due diligence process will uncover all relevant facts, which could result in losses on the loan in question, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Third-party diligence reports are made as of a point in time and are therefore limited in scope. 
 Appraisals, engineering and environmental reports, as well as a variety of other third-party reports, are generally obtained with respect to each of the mortgaged properties underlying our loans at or about the time of origination. Appraisals are not guarantees of present or future value. One appraiser may reach a different conclusion than the conclusion that would be reached if a different appraiser were appraising that property. Moreover, the values of the properties may fluctuate significantly after the date that appraisals are performed. In addition, any third-party report, including any engineering report, environmental report, site inspection or appraisal represents only the analysis of the individual consultant, engineer or inspector preparing such report at the time of such report, and may not reveal all necessary or desirable repairs, maintenance, remediation and capital improvement items. Any missing or incomplete information in the appraisal and engineering and environmental reports prepared by third parties may affect our loan underwriting, and if foreclosure on the property became necessary, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Climate change and regulatory and other efforts to reduce climate change could adversely affect our business. 
 We cannot predict the rate at which climate change will progress. However, the physical effects of climate change could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. To the extent that severe weather events or significant changes in climate occur in the geographic locations where the properties securing our loans are located, our borrowers may experience cost increases, construction delays and decreased demand for properties located in such geographic areas or affected by such changes. 
 Recently, there has been growing concern from advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public over the effects of climate change on the environment. Government restrictions, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and potential climate change impacts, are emerging and may increase in the future in the form of restrictions or additional requirements on the development of commercial real estate. Such restrictions and requirements could increase our costs or require additional technology and capital investment by our borrowers, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 If casualty insurance is prohibitively expensive or unavailable for certain events, or the borrower were to allow its casualty insurance to lapse, then, in the event a casualty were to occur, our loan may not be adequately secured. 
 Our policy is to require fire and/or casualty insurance on property improvements that would be sufficient, together with the value of the underlying land, to pay off all obligations, including the subject mortgage. There are certain disasters, however, for which no insurance is available or for which insurance may be deemed to be too expensive (examples would include flood and earthquake insurance). Furthermore, we have no control over the borrower s actions or the state of the property that might reduce available coverage, call for economically prohibitive premiums, or otherwise render the subject real property uninsurable. In addition, should insurance coverage lapse due to premiums not paid by the borrower, or should a policy be cancelled for other reasons, we may not be protected unless substitute or new insurance is in force. In this event, we may be required to pay the premiums to maintain such insurance, to the extent available, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 Risks Related to Our Financing 
 
 Our loan origination activities, revenues and profits are limited by available funds. If we do not increase our working capital, we will not be able to grow our business. 
 As a commercial real estate finance company, our revenue and net income is limited to interest and fees received or accrued on our loan portfolio. Our ability to originate real estate loans is limited by the funds at our disposal. We intend to use the proceeds from the repayment of outstanding loans and any additional capital, raised publicly or privately, to originate real estate loans. We cannot assure you that such funds will be available in sufficient amounts to enable us to expand our business. 
 
 We may increase the amount of leverage we use in our financing strategy, which would subject us to greater risk of loss. 
 Our charter and bylaws do not limit the amount of indebtedness we can incur; although we are limited by certain financial covenants under our debt documents. 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 We may increase the amount of leverage we utilize at any time without approval of our stockholders. Incurring substantial debt could subject us to many risks that, if realized, would materially and adversely affect us, including the risk that: 
 our cash flow from operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal of and interest on the debt or we may fail to comply with all of the other covenants contained in the debt documents, which is likely to result in (i) acceleration of such debt (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision) that we may be unable to repay from internal funds or to refinance on favorable terms, or at all, (ii) our inability to borrow unused amounts under our revolving credit facility, even if we are current in payments on borrowings under the credit facility and/or (iii) the loss of some or all of our assets to foreclosure or sale; 

our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that yields on our real estate loans will increase with higher financing costs; 

we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our working capital to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, future business opportunities, stockholder distributions or other purposes; and 

we may not be able to refinance debt that matures prior to the investment it was used to finance on favorable terms, or at all. 

Covenants in our debt documents restrict our activities and could adversely affect our business. 
 Our credit agreement for our revolving credit facility contains customary covenants that limit our incurrence of indebtedness, liens, asset dispositions, dividends and distributions to our stockholders, stock repurchases, loans, advances and investments, payments to affiliates, optional prepayments and other modifications of certain other indebtedness, amendments, terminations and waivers of certain material agreements, and acquisitions, mergers and consolidations. The note purchase agreement for our senior unsecured notes contain customary covenants that limit our incurrence of indebtedness, liens and entry into mergers or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. We are also required under the credit agreement and note purchase agreement to comply with a tangible net worth requirement, a total debt to equity ratio requirement and a coverage ratio requirement. These covenants limit our operational flexibility and could prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities as they arise, growing our business or competing effectively. Among other things, the credit agreement provides that we may not pay cash dividends that would result in non-compliance with the financial covenants under the credit agreement or during an event of default under the credit agreement, except in the case of defaults other than payment defaults, for dividends in amounts necessary to maintain our REIT status. Our ability to meet these requirements may be affected by events beyond our control and, if we fail to meet the requirements, we may be unable to obtain waivers from the lenders or amend the covenants. To the extent borrowings are outstanding under our credit agreement at the maturity thereof and upon the maturity of the Notes, we may be unable to refinance such borrowings or extend the maturity thereof. In such event, our cash flow may not be sufficient to make distributions to our stockholders and repay our maturing debt and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our REIT Qualification and Investment Management Regulation 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully manage our business as a REIT. 
 In November 2019, the Company acquired (the Business Combination all of the assets of PBRELF I, LLC, BRELF II, LLC, BRELF III, LLC, and BRELF IV, LLC (the Predecessor Companies ). Each the Predecessor Companies had elected to be taxed as a REIT. The Predecessor Companies had limited experience operating as a REIT. The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), are complex, and any failure to comply with those provisions in a timely manner could prevent us from qualifying as a REIT or could force us to pay unexpected taxes and penalties. Failure to qualify as a REIT would subject us to income taxation (including interest and possibly penalties for prior periods in which we failed to qualify as a REIT) as a regular C corporation, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code and therefore, in certain circumstances, may be subject to uncertainty. 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the composition of our assets, the sources of our income and the diversity of our stock ownership. Also, we generally must make distributions to our stockholders aggregating annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain). Compliance with these requirements and all other requirements for qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. Even a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize our REIT status. In addition, the determination of various factual matters and circumstances relevant to REIT qualification is not entirely within our control and may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will be subject to tax as a regular C corporation and could face a substantial tax liability, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We believe that we have been organized and have operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code since our initial taxable year ended December 31, 2019, and that our current and proposed method of operation will enable us to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code for subsequent taxable years. Our continued qualification as a REIT will depend on our ability to meet, on an ongoing basis, various complex requirements concerning, among other things, the ownership of our outstanding stock, the nature of our assets, the sources of our income, and the amount of our distributions to our stockholders. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Our compliance with the annual REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. 
 If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year, and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and distributions to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in determining our taxable income. In such a case, we might need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay our taxes. Our payment of income tax would decrease our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Furthermore, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we no longer would be required to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our stockholders. In addition, unless we were eligible for certain statutory relief provisions, we could not re-elect to qualify as a REIT until the fifth calendar year following the year in which we failed to qualify. We would also fail to qualify as a REIT in the event we were treated under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations as a successor to another REIT whose qualification as a REIT was previously terminated or revoked. If a Predecessor Company failed to qualify as a REIT prior to the Business Combination, it is possible that we would be treated as a successor REIT under the foregoing rules and thus be unable to qualify as a REIT. 
 Our ownership of and relationship with taxable REIT subsidiaries is limited, and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT qualification, and our transactions with our taxable REIT subsidiaries may result in the application of a 100 excise tax if such transactions are not conducted on arm s-length terms. 
 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). A TRS may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by a REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock and securities of one or more TRSs. A domestic TRS will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns. In addition, the TRS rules impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. 
 Our wholly owned subsidiary that provides certain investment management services with respect to our assets as well as to third parties has elected to be treated as a TRS. We may elect for certain other of our subsidiaries to be treated as TRSs. Our TRSs will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax on their taxable income, and their after-tax income will be available for distribution to us but will not be required to be distributed to us. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the TRS limitations or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax discussed above. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Liquidation of assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification or create additional tax liability for us. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must comply with requirements regarding the composition of our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments for any reason, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or may be subject to a 100 tax on any resultant gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property or inventory, other than foreclosure property. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to some taxes that will reduce our cash flow. 
 Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, taxes on income from some activities conducted or sales made as a result of a foreclosure, excise taxes, and state or local income, property and transfer taxes, such as mortgage recording taxes and other taxes. Moreover, in order to meet the REIT qualification requirements, prevent the recognition of certain types of non-cash income, or to avert the imposition of a 100 tax that applies to certain gains derived by a REIT from dealer property or inventory (other than foreclosure property), we may hold some of our assets through a TRS or other subsidiary corporation that will be subject to corporate level income tax at regular corporate rates. In addition, if a TRS borrows funds either from us or a third party, such TRS may be unable to deduct all or a portion of the interest paid, resulting in a higher corporate tax liability. Furthermore, the Code imposes a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and a REIT that are not conducted on an arm s length basis. We intend to structure any transaction with a TRS on terms that we believe are arm s length to avoid incurring this 100 excise tax. There can be no assurances, however, that we will be able to avoid application of the 100 excise tax. The payment of any of these taxes would reduce our cash flow. 
 Rapid changes in the values of our assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 If the fair market value or income potential of our qualifying assets for purposes of our qualification as a REIT declines as a result of increased interest rates, changes in prepayment rates, general market conditions, government actions or other factors, or the fair market value of or income from non-qualifying assets increases, we may need to increase our qualifying real estate assets and income or liquidate our non-qualifying assets to maintain our REIT qualification. If the change in real estate asset values or income occurs quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of any non-qualifying assets we may own. We may have to sell or acquire assets or make other decisions that we otherwise would not make absent our REIT election. 
 The REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and may force us to incur debt or sell assets during unfavorable market conditions to make such distributions. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) each year, and we will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income each year. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the REIT distribution requirements. 
 Our taxable income may substantially differ from our net income based on U.S. GAAP, and differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash may occur. For example, we may recognize interest or other income on a mortgage loan for U.S. federal income tax purposes before we receive any payments of interest on such mortgage. We may also hold or acquire distressed debt investments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding debt are significant modifications under the applicable Treasury regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to us at a gain in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower, with gain recognized by us to the extent that the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our cost of purchasing it prior to modification. Moreover, under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the TCJA, we are generally required to take certain amounts (other than certain items, including original issue discount and market discount income, excluded under Treasury regulations) into income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on certain financial statements, which could increase our phantom income. In addition, the TCJA limits the deduction for business interest expense to 30 of adjusted taxable income, which could result in the deduction allowable in the computation of taxable income to be less than the amount of interest payments actually made during the tax year. Additionally, we may also be required under the terms of indebtedness that we incur to use cash received from interest payments to make principal payments on that indebtedness. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 As a result, we may generate less cash flow than taxable income in a particular year and find it difficult or impossible in certain circumstances to make distributions sufficient to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4 excise tax in a particular year. In such circumstances, we may be forced to incur debt on unfavorable terms, sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise have been invested in future loans, or make a taxable distribution of shares of our common stock, as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive shares (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution). 
 We may be required to report taxable income from certain investments in excess of the economic income we ultimately realize from them. 
 We may acquire debt instruments in the secondary market for less than their face amount. The discount at which such debt instruments are acquired may reflect doubts about their ultimate collectability rather than current market interest rates. The amount of such discount will nevertheless generally be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accrued market discount is generally reported as income when, and to the extent that, any payment of principal of the debt instrument is made or the debt instrument is disposed of or retired. If we collect less on the debt instrument than our purchase price plus the market discount we had previously reported as income, we may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions. In addition, we may hold or acquire distressed debt investments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding debt are significant modifications under applicable Treasury regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to us at a gain in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower. In that event, we may be required to recognize taxable gain to the extent the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our adjusted tax basis in the unmodified debt, even if the value of the debt or the payment expectations have not changed. Moreover, debt instruments that we originate or acquire may be issued with original issue discount. We will be required to report such original issue discount based on a constant yield method and will be taxed based on the assumption that all future projected payments due on such debt instruments will be made. If any such debt instrument turns out not to be fully collectable, an offsetting loss deduction will become available only in the later year that uncollectability is provable. 
 Additionally, as described above, under the TCJA, we are generally required to take certain amounts into income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on certain financial statements, which could increase our phantom income. 
 Finally, in the event that any debt instruments held or acquired by us are delinquent as to mandatory principal and interest payments, or in the event payments with respect to a particular debt instrument are not made when due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income as it accrues, despite doubt as to its ultimate collectability. In each case, while we would in general ultimately have an offsetting loss deduction available to us when such interest was determined to be uncollectable, the utility of that deduction could depend on whether such loss is ordinary or capital and on us having taxable income, in that later year or thereafter. 
 Our investments in construction loans will require us to make estimates about the fair value of land improvements that may be challenged by the IRS. 
 We expect to invest in construction loans, the interest from which will be qualifying income for purposes of the REIT income tests, provided that the loan value of the real property securing the construction loan is equal to or greater than the highest outstanding principal amount of the construction loan during any taxable year. For purposes of construction loans, the loan value of the real property is the fair value of the land plus the reasonably estimated cost of the improvements or developments (other than personal property) that will secure the loan and that are to be constructed from the proceeds of the loan. There can be no assurance that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS would not challenge our estimate of the loan value of the real property. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 If any subsidiary REIT failed to qualify as a REIT, we could be directly or indirectly subject to higher taxes and could fail to remain qualified as a REIT. 
 We may directly or indirectly (through disregarded subsidiaries, pass-through entities or a TRS) own shares of a subsidiary that has elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any such subsidiary REIT would be subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are applicable to us. If any such subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) such subsidiary REIT would become subject to U.S. federal income tax and applicable state and local taxes on its taxable income at regular corporate rates and (ii) our ownership of shares in such subsidiary REIT would cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs. If any such subsidiary REIT not held indirectly through BRMK Management, Corp. or another TRS were to fail to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that we would fail certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. 
 We could have potential deferred and contingent tax liabilities as a result of acquiring assets in the Business Combination that were previously owned by non-REIT C corporations. 
 Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax at the highest regular rate (currently 21 on all or a portion of the gain recognized from the disposition of any asset acquired from BRELF III, LLC in the Business Combination occurring within the five-year period following BRELF III, LLC's REIT conversion on January 1, 2019. In other words, if during the five-year period beginning on January 1, 2019, we recognize gain on the disposition of any asset BRELF III, LLC owned on January 1, 2019, then, to the extent of the excess of (i) the fair market value of such asset as of January 1, 2019, over (ii) BRELF III, LLC's adjusted income tax basis in such asset as of January 1, 2019, we will be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income tax on this gain at the highest regular rate applicable to corporations. The same treatment would apply, for a period of as long as five years beginning on the date of the closing of the Business Combination, to any assets acquired in the Business Combination by us from a Predecessor Company that failed to qualify as a REIT in a taxable year ended on or prior to the Business Combination. These requirements could limit, delay or impede future sales of certain assets. We currently do not expect to sell any asset if the sale would result in the imposition of a material tax liability. We cannot, however, assure you that we will not change our plans in this regard. 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level and we cannot assure you of our ability to pay distributions in the future. 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT and generally not be subject to U.S. federal income and excise tax, we would generally be required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year, which requirement we currently intend to satisfy through regular cash distributions to our stockholders out of legally available funds therefor. We have not, however, established a minimum distribution payment level and our ability to pay distributions may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in our filings with the SEC. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our board and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our REIT qualification, restrictions on making distributions under Maryland law and such other factors as our board may deem relevant from time to time. We may not be able to make distributions in the future and our board may change our distribution policy in the future. We believe that a change in any one of the following factors, among others, could adversely affect our results of operations and impair our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders: the profitability of the assets we hold or acquire; the allocation of assets between our REIT-qualified and non-REIT qualified subsidiaries; our ability to make profitable investments and to realize profits therefrom; and defaults in our asset portfolio or decreases in the value of our portfolio. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will achieve results that will allow us to make required cash distributions for any year. 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends, which could depress the market price of our stock if it is perceived as a less attractive investment. 
 The maximum tax rate applicable to income from qualified dividends payable by non-REIT C corporations to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally is 20 (which rate does not include the 3.8 net investment income tax). Dividends payable by a REIT, however, generally are not eligible for the current reduced rate, except to the extent that certain holding requirements have been met and the REIT s dividends are attributable to dividends received by such REIT from taxable corporations (such as a TRS), to income that was subject to tax at the REIT/corporate level, or to dividends properly designated by the REIT as capital gains dividends. Effective for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, non-corporate U.S. stockholders generally may deduct 20 of their dividends from REITs (excluding qualified dividend income and capital gains dividends ). To qualify for this deduction, the U.S. stockholder receiving such dividend must hold the dividend-paying REIT shares for at least 46 days (taking into account certain special holding period rules) of the 91-day period beginning 45 days before the shares become ex-dividend, and cannot be under an obligation to make related payments with respect to a position in substantially similar or related property. For those U.S. stockholders in the top marginal tax bracket of 37 , the deduction for applicable REIT dividends yields an effective income tax rate of approximately 30 on such REIT dividends, which is higher than the 20 tax rate on qualified dividend income paid by non-REIT C corporations. Although the reduced rates applicable to dividend income from non-REIT C corporations do not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, it could cause investors who are non-corporate taxpayers to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stock of non-REIT C corporations that pay qualified dividends, which could depress the market price of investments in REITs, including our stock. 
 Complying with the REIT requirements may cause us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investment opportunities. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and real estate assets (as defined in the Code), including certain mortgage loans and securities (the 75 asset test ). The remainder of our investments (other than securities includable in the 75 asset test) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. Additionally, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our total assets (other than securities includable in the 75 asset test) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, no more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs, and debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs, to the extent not secured by real property or interests in real property, cannot exceed 25 of the value of our total assets. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investment opportunities. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution by us to our stockholders and the income and amounts available to service our indebtedness, if any. 
 In addition to the asset tests set forth above, to qualify as a REIT, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, and we may be unable to pursue investment opportunities that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for us to qualify as a REIT. In addition, in certain cases, the modification of a debt instrument could result in the conversion of the instrument from a qualifying real estate asset to a wholly or partially non-qualifying asset. Compliance with the source-of-income requirements may also limit our ability to acquire debt instruments at a discount from their face amount. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to make, or in certain cases, maintain ownership of, certain attractive investments and, thus, reduce our income and amounts available for distribution or to service our indebtedness, if any. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the market price of our stock. 
 The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of REITs may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which could affect the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in us. The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and other taxing authorities. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect us or our stockholders. New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to remain qualified as a REIT or the tax consequences of such qualification. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Risks Related to Taxes and the Business Combination 
 
 If the IRS were to determine that the merger of any of the Predecessor Companies in connection with the Business Combination did not qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to a Predecessor Company, we may be subject to significant tax liabilities. 
 If the IRS were to determine that the merger of any of the Predecessor Companies in connection with the Business Combination failed to qualify as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code with respect to a Predecessor Company, so long as such Predecessor Company qualified as a REIT at the time of the merger, such Predecessor Company generally would not have incurred a U.S. federal income tax liability so long as such Predecessor Company made distributions (which would have been deemed to include for this purpose the fair market value of the shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the applicable merger) to such Predecessor Company s members in an amount at least equal to the net income or gain recognized on the deemed sale of such Predecessor Company s assets to us. In the event that such distributions were not sufficient to eliminate all of such Predecessor Company s tax liability as a result of the deemed sale of its assets to us, we would be liable for any remaining tax owed by such Predecessor Company as a result of such merger. 
 If the IRS were to determine that the merger of any of the Predecessor Companies in connection with the Business Combination failed to qualify as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code with respect to a Predecessor Company and such Predecessor Company did not qualify as a REIT at the time of such merger, such Predecessor Company would generally have recognized gain or loss on the deemed transfer of its assets to us, and we would be liable for any tax imposed on such Predecessor Company, which tax could be significant. 
 We may be subject to adverse tax consequences if the IRS were to determine that one or more Predecessor Companies failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 If the IRS were to determine that any Predecessor Company failed to qualify as a REIT through the consummation of the Business Combination, we may have inherited significant tax liabilities and could fail to qualify as a REIT. Even if we retain our REIT qualification, if any Predecessor Company did not qualify as a REIT or lost its REIT qualification for a taxable year ended on or with the Business Combination, we will face serious tax consequences that could substantially reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders because: 
 if any Predecessor Company did not qualify as a REIT at the time of the consummation of the Business Combination, the merger of such Predecessor Company could have failed to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code with respect to such Predecessor Company; 

we, as the successor by merger to each Predecessor Company, would have generally inherited any corporate income, excise and other tax liabilities of the Predecessor Companies, including penalties and interest, which inherited tax liabilities could be particularly substantial if such merger of such Predecessor Company failed to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code with respect to such Predecessor Company; 

we may be subject to tax on certain built-in gain upon future disposition of each asset of each applicable Predecessor Company; and 

we could be required to pay a special distribution and/or employ applicable deficiency dividend procedures (including penalties and interest payments to the IRS) to eliminate any earnings and profits accumulated by each applicable Predecessor Company during taxable periods that it did not qualify as a REIT. 

As a result of these factors, any failure by one or more Predecessor Companies to have qualified as a REIT for any taxable year ended on or before the consummation of the Business Combination could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and could materially adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 We have succeeded to certain of the Predecessor Companies tax liabilities. 
 We generally will take a carryover basis and holding period in the assets transferred in connection with the mergers of the Predecessor Companies in connection with the Business Combination. As the successor by merger, we generally are responsible for all of the Predecessor Companies liabilities including any unpaid taxes (and penalties and interest, if any), whether as a result of a failure by any Predecessor Company to have distributed all of its taxable income in any tax period, including the short taxable period ending on the date of the Business Combination, or taxes that might otherwise have been due and payable by such Predecessor Company. In addition to us inheriting such tax liabilities, if one or more Predecessor Companies failed to qualify as a REIT for any period ending on or prior to the Business Combination, the amount of the applicable Predecessor Companies tax liabilities inherited by us as a result of the Business Combination could be substantial. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 
 Our management team has broad discretion in the use of proceeds of securities offerings and, despite our efforts, we may invest or spend the proceeds of offerings in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a significant return. 
 Our management team has broad discretion in the use of proceeds of securities offerings and, despite our efforts, we may invest or spend the proceeds of offerings in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a significant return. We intend to use net proceeds from offerings for general corporate purposes, including to fund our lending activities. Our management will have considerable discretion in the application of the net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately. As a result, the net proceeds from offerings may be used for lending activities or other general business purposes that do not increase our operating results or enhance the value of our common stock. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and is important in helping to prevent mistakes in and restatements of our financial statements and financial fraud. Although we have determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Predecessor Companies, and their corresponding management companies, each of which was acquired in the Business Combination (collectively, the Predecessor Company Group reported certain material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the audit of the members of the Predecessor Company Groups' financial statements at December 31, 2018, which we reported remained as of December 31, 2019. A failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting may adversely affect the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, we may be unable to prevent fraud, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting, and the price of our securities may decline as a result. In addition, we may be subject to lawsuits or regulatory discipline if we fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over our financial reporting. 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock upon the exercise of Warrants or for other purposes, which would dilute your ownership interests and may depress the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We currently have warrants outstanding to purchase approximately 15.6 million shares of common stock in the aggregate at an aggregate purchase price of 11.50 per share. Further, there were approximately 3.3 million shares of common stock remaining available for issuance pursuant to equity awards under the Broadmark Realty 2019 Stock Incentive Plan at December 31, 2022. We may also issue additional shares of common stock or other equity securities in the future in connection with, among other things, future capital raising and transactions and future acquisitions, without stockholder approval in many circumstances. 
 Our issuance of additional shares of common stock or other equity securities would have the following effects: 
 our existing stockholders proportionate ownership interest in us may decrease; 

the amount of cash available for payment of dividends may decrease; 

the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share of common stock may be diminished; and 

33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 the market price of our common stock may decline. 

Our stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations, which increases the uncertainty and risks our stockholders will face. 
 Our board determines our major policies, including our policies regarding financing, growth and debt capitalization. Our board may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of our stockholders. The broad discretion of our board in setting policies and the inability of our stockholders to exert control over those policies increases the uncertainty and risks such stockholders will face. In addition, our board may change its investment objectives without seeking stockholder approval. Although our board has duties to us under Maryland law and intends only to change its investment objectives when our board determines that a change is in our best interest, a change in our investment objectives could cause a decline in the value of the stockholders investment in us. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to recover claims against our directors and officers are limited, which could reduce your and our recovery against them if they negligently cause us to incur losses. 
 Maryland law provides that a director will not have any liability as a director so long as he or she performs his or her duties in accordance with the applicable standard of conduct. In addition, Maryland law and our charter provide that no director or officer shall be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages unless the director or officer (i) actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (ii) was actively and deliberately dishonest as established by a final judgment, which was material to the cause of action. Moreover, (i) our charter requires us to indemnify our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law and (ii) we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that provide for indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, except as expressly limited by the indemnification agreements. As a result, we may have more limited rights against our directors or officers than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce your and our recovery from these persons. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes of control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that could involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests. 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including: 
 Business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate thereof or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting stock at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes certain fair price and/or supermajority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 

Control share provisions that provide that holders of our control shares (defined as shares that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights with respect to their control shares, except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 

By resolution of our board, we have opted out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL, which means that any business combination between us and any other person is exempt from the business combination provisions of the MGCL, provided that the business combination is first approved by a majority of our directors (including a majority of directors who are not affiliates or associates of such persons). In addition, pursuant to a provision in our bylaws, we have opted out of the control share provisions of the MGCL. However, our board may by resolution elect to opt into the business combination provisions of the MGCL and we may, by amendment to our bylaws, opt into the control share provisions of the MGCL in the future. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an alteration or repeal of the board resolutions exempting such business combinations will not have any effect on any business combinations that have been consummated or upon any agreements existing at the time of such modification or repeal. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Our charter contains certain provisions restricting the ownership and transfer of our capital stock that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests. 
 Our charter contains certain ownership limits with respect to our capital stock. Our charter, among other restrictions, prohibits the beneficial or constructive ownership by any person of more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock (including our common stock), excluding any shares that are not treated as outstanding for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our board, in its sole and absolute discretion, may exempt a person, prospectively or retroactively, from this ownership limit if certain conditions are satisfied. This ownership limit as well as other restrictions on ownership and transfer in our charter may: 
 Discourage a tender offer or other transactions or a change in management or of control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests; and 

Result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the restrictions to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of certain of the benefits of owning the additional shares. 

We could increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of stock, classify and reclassify unissued stock and issue stock without stockholder approval. 
 A majority of our entire board, without stockholder approval, has the power under our charter to amend the charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we are authorized to issue, to authorize us to issue authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock and to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock into one or more classes or series of stock and to set the terms of such newly classified or reclassified shares. As a result, we may issue one or more classes or series of common stock or preferred stock with preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption that are senior to, or otherwise conflict with, the rights of our common stockholders. Although our board has no such intention at the present time, it could establish a class or series of common stock or preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit their ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the MGCL, (b) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (other than actions arising under U.S. federal securities laws), (c) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders, (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our charter or bylaws or (e) any other action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This provision does not cover claims made by stockholders pursuant to the securities laws of the United States, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. We adopted this provision because we believe it makes it less likely that we will be forced to incur the expense of defending duplicative actions in multiple forums and less likely that plaintiffs attorneys will be able to employ such litigation to coerce us into otherwise unjustified settlements. 
 We are a holding company and our only material asset is our interest in our subsidiaries, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions made by our subsidiaries to make payments, pay dividends and pay taxes. 
 We are a holding company with no material assets other than our ownership of our subsidiaries. As a result, we have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. Our ability to make payments, pay dividends and pay taxes will depend on the financial results and cash flows of our subsidiaries and the distributions we receive from our subsidiaries. Additionally, to the extent that we need funds and any of our subsidiaries are restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of any financing arrangements, or any of our subsidiaries is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 The ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions to us may be subject to various limitations and restrictions including, but not limited to, restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which such subsidiary is then a party, including debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering such subsidiary insolvent. If our cash resources are insufficient to fund our obligations, we may be required to incur indebtedness to provide the liquidity needed to make such payments, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Public health crises and epidemics such as COVID-19 may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 
 We are subject to risks related to the effects of public health crises, epidemics and pandemics, including the continued effects of COVID-19. Such events could inhibit global, national and local economic activity and demand for construction loans, constrain our access to capital and other sources of funding, adversely affect our borrowers ability to pay or refinance their loans; and delays in our ability to exercise our rights or otherwise resolve loans in default. Such impacts could adversely impact our cash flows and ability to pay dividends or to service our debt; result in material non-cash impairment charges in future periods; and have other direct and indirect effects that are difficult to predict. Such risks depend upon the nature and severity of the public health concern, as well as the extent and duration of government-mandated orders and personal decisions to limit travel, economic activity and personal interaction, none of which can be predicted with confidence. 
 Litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are, from time to time, subject to legal proceedings and regulatory requirements applicable to our business and industry. Litigation can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive to our operations and results cannot be predicted with certainty. There may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found not liable. As a result, litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 There can be no assurance that our corporate insurance policies will mitigate all insurable losses, costs or damages to our business. 
 Based on the history of the Predecessor Company Group and our type of business, we believe that we maintain adequate insurance coverage to cover probable and reasonably estimable liabilities should they arise. However, there can be no assurance that these estimates will prove to be sufficient, nor can there be any assurance that the ultimate outcome of any claim or event will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our equity holders. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Cybersecurity threats and other security breaches and disruptions could compromise sensitive information belonging to us or our employees, borrowers and other counterparties and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may acquire and store sensitive data on our network, such as our proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of our prospective and current borrowers, loan guarantors and our employees. The secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our business strategy. Cybersecurity incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. Our information and technology systems as well as those of other related parties, such as service providers, may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from cybersecurity breaches, computer viruses or other malicious code, network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons and other security breaches, usage errors by their respective professionals or service providers, power, communications or other service outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. Cyberattacks and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target us because we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about our investors, borrowers and potential investments. As a result, we may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to this information. If successful, these types of attacks on our network or other systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our equity holders, due to, among other things, the loss of investor or proprietary data, interruptions or delays in the operation of our business and damage to our reputation. There can be no assurance that measures that we take to ensure the integrity of our systems will provide protection, especially because cyberattack techniques change frequently or are not recognized until successful. 
 Our business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of business and growth strategy and impact our stock price. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Stockholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has been increasing recently. Volatility in the price of our common stock or other reasons may in the future cause us to become the target of securities litigation or stockholder activism. Securities litigation and stockholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result in substantial costs and divert management s and our board s attention and resources from our business. Additionally, such securities litigation and stockholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with employees and other service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. It could also negatively impact our ability to generate new loans. Also, we may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation and activist stockholder matters. Further, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities litigation and stockholder activism. 
 Any projections, forecasts or estimates that we have issued or may issue in the future are subject to significant inherent uncertainties and may not be realized. 
 Any financial and other projections and forecasts or estimates that we have issued or may issue from time to time in the future are necessarily based on numerous assumptions, expectations and other inputs. As a result, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies and other significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. Actual results can differ from our expectations, and those differences can be material. Any projections, forecasts or estimates should not be regarded as a representation by us as to the financial or other matters addressed by such projections, forecasts or estimates, as there can be no assurance that any of these projections, forecasts or estimates will be realized. In light of the foregoing, you should not place undue reliance on any projections, forecasts or estimates, which constitute forward-looking statements and are inherently subject to numerous significant risks and uncertainties. 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 The market price and trading volume of our securities may be volatile and could decline significantly. 
 The public trading markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. The market price of our securities may be volatile and could decline significantly. In addition, the trading volume in our securities may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our securities declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your securities at or above the price you purchased it at, or otherwise at a favorable price. We cannot assure you that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate widely or decline significantly in the future in response to a number of factors, including, among others, the following: 
 the realization of any of the risk factors presented in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

actual or anticipated differences in our estimates, or in the estimates of analysts, for our revenues, results of operations, level of indebtedness, liquidity or financial condition; 

additions and departures of key personnel; 

failure to comply with the requirements of the markets on which our securities are listed; 

failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or other laws or regulations; 

future issuances, sales or resales, or anticipated issuances, sales or resales, of our securities; 

perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our securities relative to other investment alternatives; 

the performance and market valuations of other similar companies; 

future announcements concerning our business or our competitors businesses; 

broad disruptions in the financial markets, including sudden disruptions in the credit markets; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

actual, potential or perceived control, accounting or reporting problems; 

changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines; and 

the impact of epidemics, other public health concerns, civil unrest and political uncertainty. 

On January 5, 2023, we received a letter from NYSE regulation, that it had determined to suspend trading of our warrants, each exercisable for one fourth (1/4th) share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 2.875 per one fourth (1/4th) share from the NYSE American Exchange, because the warrant s trading price was no longer suitable for listing. The NYSE American Exchange subsequently delisted the warrants, and the warrants now trade on the Pink Sheets. 
 In the past, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, publish inaccurate or unfavorable research or cease publishing research about us, the trading price and trading volume of our securities could decline significantly. 
 The market for our securities may be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. Securities and industry analysts may not continue to publish research on us. If no securities or industry analysts maintain coverage of us, the market price and liquidity for our securities could be negatively impacted. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade their opinions about our securities, publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, or cease publishing about us regularly, demand for securities could decrease, which might cause the trading price and trading volume to decline significantly. 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Future issuances of debt securities and equity securities may adversely affect us, including the market price of our securities and may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 We have recently begun to issue debt securities to finance our business, and there is no assurance that we may not issue additional debt securities or issue equity ranking senior to our stock. Those securities will generally have priority upon liquidation. Such securities also may be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue debt or equity in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts. As a result, future capital raising efforts may reduce the market price of our common stock and be dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 If our common stock becomes subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, the trading market in our common stock may become significantly more limited, which would make transactions in our common stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our common stock. 
 Since the middle of November 2022, our common stock has traded at a price below 5.00, and as a result, may be considered a penny stock . Under Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, broker-dealers who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special sales practice requirements. Such broker-dealer must make an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written consent prior to the transaction. 
 Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of shares of our common stock. 
 Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Other risks associated with trading in penny stocks could also be price fluctuations and the lack of a liquid market. 
 There can be no guarantee that we will make distributions or generate yields comparable to our current or historic levels. 
 Past distributions and yields are no guarantee of our future performance. Our distributions of dividends are not guaranteed and will be paid only to the extent earned by us and authorized by our board. Multiple factors could adversely impact our ability to generate income and pay dividends, such as those set forth under Market Risks Related to Real Estate Loans, and Risks Related to Our Loan Portfolio. The timing and amount of dividends will be determined by our board. There is no guarantee that we will achieve results that will allow us to pay a specified level of cash dividends or to increase the level of such dividends in the future. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal office is located in leased space at 1420 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2000, Seattle, Washington 98101. 
 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved in legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. We believe that the outcome of such matters, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BRMK. As of February 22, 2023, we had 230 registered holders of our common stock. 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 The following table summarizes the Company's capital stock repurchases for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 (in millions, except share and per share amounts): 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 

October 1 - October 31, 2022 

November 1 - November 30, 2022 

75.0 

December 1 - December 31, 2022 

1,295,273 

3.86 

70.0 

(1) On November 7, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the Stock Repurchase Program granting the Company the authority to repurchase up to 75.0 million of the Company s common stock. The Stock Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date and the Company reserves the right to terminate or suspend at any time. 

40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Stockholder Return Performance 
 The following stock performance graph is a comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return on shares of our common stock, the Standard Poor's 500 (the S P 500 Index and the FTSE NAREIT Mortgage REITs index FTSE NAREIT Index ), a published industry index, from November 15, 2019 (the date on which our common stock became publicly traded) through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on November 15, 2019 in our common stock, the S P 500 and the FTSE NAREIT Index and that all dividends were reinvested without the payment of any commissions. There can be no assurance that the performance of our shares will continue in line with the same or similar trends depicted in the graph below. 

Period Ending 

November 15, 2019 

December 31, 2019 

December 31, 2020 

December 31, 2021 

March 31, 2022 

June 30, 2022 

September 30, 2022 

December 31, 2022 

BRMK 

100.00 

117.53 

102.45 

102.88 

96.66 

77.33 

61.31 

44.39 

FTSE NAREIT Index 

100.00 

102.87 

80.50 

80.50 

75.14 

61.38 

48.18 

52.20 

S P 500 

100.00 

103.54 

120.37 

152.74 

145.18 

121.31 

114.61 

123.04 

ITEM 6. [R E SERVED] 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the Business section, as well as the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described under the heading Risk Factors. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should read this discussion and analysis together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Report for the Company. In this Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations unless the context otherwise requires, references to Broadmark Realty, the Company, we, us and our refer to Broadmark Realty Capital Inc., a Maryland corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Broadmark Realty is an internally managed commercial real estate finance company that has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Based in Seattle, Washington, we specialize in underwriting, funding, servicing and managing a portfolio generally consisting of short-term, first deed of trust loans to fund the construction and development of, or investment in, residential or commercial properties. We categorize our loans into the following distinct purposes: 
 Vertical Construction. Loans which fund the building or installing of vertical improvements on real property. 

Horizontal Development. Loans which fund the building or installing of horizontal improvements on real property including initial site preparation, ground clearing, installing utilities, and road, sidewalk and gutter paving. 

Acquisition. Loans which fund the acquisition of a property where the intent is generally subsequent financing. 

Land Entitlement. Loans which fund the entitlement of land and to obtain zoning, permitting or legal use to further develop the property. 

Rehabilitation. Loans which fund the renovation or improvement of the physical existence of a real property. 

Bridge. Loans collateralized by completed properties used by borrowers to lease and stabilize an asset with sufficient cash flows to obtain permanent financing. 

Investment. Loans which do not fit into the other purposes described above, such as a cash out refinance or partnership buyout. 

We generally operate in states that we believe to have favorable demographic trends and that provide more efficient and quicker access to collateral in the event of borrower default. Beginning in early 2021, we have increased the number of states in which we operate in order to expand our potential lending markets and we plan to be a nationwide lender in the future. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio of 202 active loans had approximately 1.4 billion of total commitments and 931.0 million of principal outstanding across 162 borrowers in 20 states and the District of Columbia. We refer to loans that have outstanding commitments or principal balances that have not been repaid or retired, including by foreclosure, as active loans. Total commitments refer to the aggregate sum of outstanding principal balances, interest reserves and construction holdbacks which includes capital expenditures required to complete construction for defaulted loans that we are no longer required to pay. Historically, our loan portfolio was 100 equity funded, and we had no outstanding debt. On February 19, 2021, we closed on a 135.0 million revolving credit facility, which has enabled us to use a larger percentage of our cash balances for lending activities. We may opportunistically issue debt and raise capital in the public and private markets from time to time based on market conditions to fund the growth of our portfolio and produce attractive returns for our stockholders. On November 12, 2021, we closed the private placement of 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.0 senior unsecured notes due 2026. 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Properties securing our loans are generally classified as residential properties, commercial properties or undeveloped land, and are typically not income producing. Each loan is generally secured by a first deed of trust lien on real estate. Our lending policy typically limits the committed amount and initial outstanding principal balance of each loan to a maximum loan-to-value LTV ratio of up to 65 of the as-complete appraised value of the underlying collateral as determined by an independent appraiser at the time of the loan origination. At the time of origination, the difference between the initial outstanding principal and the total commitment is the amount held back for future release, subject to property inspections, progress reports and other conditions in accordance with the loan documents. Unless otherwise indicated, LTV is measured by the total commitment amount of the loan at origination divided by the as-complete appraisal. LTVs do not reflect interim activity such as construction draws or interest payments capitalized to loans, or partial repayments of the loan. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average LTV was 60.6 across our active loan portfolio based on the total commitment of the loan and as-complete appraisals as of origination or latest amendment. For our loans in contractual default status as of December 31, 2022, the weighted average LTV was approximately 124.8 , when measured by the sum of the principal outstanding, the estimated cost to complete and the accounts receivable for which collectability is reasonably assured, divided by the most recent as-complete appraisal. This resulted in significant additions to our allowance for credit losses, resulting in a weighted average LTV net of our allowance for credit losses of approximately 84.9 for our loans in contractual default. In addition, our loans are often personally guaranteed on a recourse basis by the principals of the borrower or others at our discretion to provide further credit support for the loan. The personal guarantee may also be secured by collateral through a pledge of the guarantor s interest in other real estate or assets owned by the guarantor. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 40 loans were in contractual default, totaling 250.4 million in principal outstanding, or 26.9 of our aggregate principal outstanding. We are actively identifying resolutions for our non-performing loans but continue to face challenges in the current environment. We expect our non-performing loans to negatively affect our near-term financial performance. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the average total commitment of our active loans was 7.0 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 10.2 . The weighted average term outstanding of our active loans was 22 months, which we often elect to extend for several months based on our evaluation of the expected timeline for completion of construction. We usually receive loan origination fees, or points, which, as of December 31, 2022, had a weighted average fee of 2.7 of total commitment at origination, along with loan amendment and extension fees, each of which varies in amount based upon the term of the loan, the credit quality of the borrower and the loan otherwise satisfying our underwriting criteria. In addition, we charge late fees on past due receivables and receive reimbursements from borrowers for costs associated with services provided by us, such as closing costs, collection costs on defaulted loans and construction draw inspection fees. 
 We primarily compete on the basis of borrower relationships, loan structure, terms and service rather than on price. Additionally, starting in 2021, competitive pressures have led us in many cases to originate loans with terms that deviate from our historical practice. Increased competition and readily available sources of capital through 2021 and into mid 2022 led to lower interest rates on our originated loans in those vintages, lower loan origination fees, absence of minimum interest provisions in our mortgage notes, and a change in our general requirement that all of our loans be secured by personal guarantees on a recourse basis. 
 In the later part of third quarter of 2022 and continuing into the fourth quarter of 2022, market interest rates rose markedly and rapidly primarily as a result of the Federal Reserve's actions to curb rapidly rising inflation. This led to a significant slowdown in real estate transactions and less capital available in the marketplace to finance real estate projects. Rising interest rates and macroeconomic uncertainties in the capital markets have led to a decrease in the availability of capital from traditional lenders for longer-term financing of completed construction and development projects, which may negatively affect our borrowers' ability to sell or refinance their loan collateral and repay our loans. 
 We have begun tightening our lending standards and, in some instances, we are not originating loans that would have previously met our lending policy. We are focused on capital preservation and ensuring we are positioned to capture opportunities that emerge from this rapidly changing economic environment. 
 As a result of rising interest rates and associated pressures to service or refinance their debt capital, we have started to see many of our competitors slow or pause their loan origination activities. This may lead to decreased competition and pricing pressure on our business, although there are no assurances that this will take place. 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Key Indicators of Financial Condition and Operating Performance 
 In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of financial and operating metrics, which include both GAAP and non-GAAP metrics, including the following: 
 Interest income earned on our loans. A primary source of our revenue is interest income earned on our loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, our loans bear a weighted average interest rate of 10.2 , paid monthly, primarily from interest reserves and, to a much lesser extent, cash payments. Our loans originated since the second quarter of 2021 typically do not provide for minimum interest provisions in our mortgage notes. A reduction in or absence of minimum interest provisions in our mortgage notes and an increase in the amount of our loans in non-accrual status as a result of being deemed collateral dependent or high risk reduce our effective interest-bearing principal and the interest income we earn on our loans. The effective interest-bearing principal represents the principal balance outstanding plus the excess of minimum interest provisions over the actual principal outstanding and minus the principal balance outstanding on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effective interest-bearing principal net of non-accrual principal was 716.3 and 840.1 million, respectively. This represents the principal balance outstanding of 931.0 and 924.7 million plus the excess of minimum interest provisions over the actual principal outstanding of 2.5 and 17.3 million less the non-accrual principal of 217.2 and 101.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect the trend of lower effective interest-bearing principal than historic levels to continue in subsequent quarters as a result of the absence of minimum interest provisions in new originations and elevated level of loans in non-accrual status. 
 Fees and other revenue recognized from originating and servicing our loans. Fee income is comprised of loan origination, loan servicing and amendment fees, loan renewal and extension fees, late fees, inspection fees and exit fees. The majority of fee income is comprised of loan origination fees, or points, which as of December 31, 2022, had a weighted average fee of 2.7 of the total commitment at origination. In addition to origination fees, we earn loan extension fees when maturing loans are renewed or extended and amendment fees when loan terms are modified, such as increases in interest reserves and construction holdbacks in line with our underwriting criteria or upon modification of a loan for the transition from horizontal development to vertical construction. Loans are generally only renewed or extended if the loan is not in default and satisfies our underwriting criteria, including our typical maximum LTV ratio of up to 65 of the appraised value, as determined by an independent appraiser at the time of loan origination, or based on an updated appraisal, if required. Loan origination and renewal fees are deferred and recognized in income over the contractual maturity of the underlying loan. 
 Loan originations. Our operating performance is heavily dependent upon our ability to originate new loans to invest new capital and re-invest returning capital from the repayment of loans. The dollar amounts of loan originations reflect the total commitment at origination and loan repayments reflect the total commitment at payoff. Given the short-term nature of our loans, loan principal on our loans is generally repaid on a faster basis than other types of loans, making redeployment of capital through our originations process an important factor in our success. 
 The following tables contains the total amount of our loan originations and repayments for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Loans originated (1) 

488.3 

873.0 

Loans repaid (2) 

511.7 

483.3 

(1) Based on original total loan commitment amounts and excluding amendments. 

(2) Based on fully repaid loans during the period and excluding partial repayments. 

Credit quality of our loan portfolio. All of our loans are secured by residential or commercial real estate and, in assessing current expected credit losses CECL ), we evaluate external and internal credit quality indicators. Our internal credit quality indicators include, but are not limited to, construction type, collateral type, LTV, market conditions of property location and borrower experience and financial strength. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 The following tables allocate the carrying value of our loan portfolio based on construction type, collateral type and LTV used in assessing estimated credit losses and vintage of origination at the dates indicated: 

December 31, 2022 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Prior 

Construction Type 

Vertical Construction 

552,468 

59.8 

352,355 

128,130 

33,895 

1,928 

36,160 

Horizontal Development 

221,078 

24.1 

144,082 

68,201 

8,795 

Investment 

46,536 

5.0 

46,536 

Rehabilitation 

39,422 

4.3 

12,936 

15,009 

11,477 

Land Entitlement 

26,132 

2.8 

4,146 

21,986 

Bridge 

22,611 

2.4 

19,450 

937 

2,224 

Acquisition 

15,195 

1.6 

13,454 

1,741 

Total 

923,442 

100.0 

592,959 

236,004 

54,167 

4,152 

36,160 

CECL allowance (2) 

(41,492) 

Carrying value, net 

881,950 

(1) Represents the year of either origination or amendment where the loan incurred a full re-underwriting in connection with the amendment. 

(2) Includes 35.0 million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, 1.5 million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2022 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Prior 

Collateral Type 

Apartments 

191,708 

20.8 

134,816 

49,944 

5,020 

1,928 

Single Family Housing 

133,702 

14.5 

124,218 

9,245 

239 

Townhomes 

106,888 

11.6 

81,393 

24,701 

794 

Residential Lots 

104,100 

11.3 

56,675 

38,630 

8,795 

Entitled Land 

76,251 

8.3 

54,265 

21,986 

Condos 

71,975 

7.8 

29,738 

2,515 

3,562 

36,160 

Commercial 

58,515 

6.3 

13,838 

44,677 

Mixed Use 

50,127 

5.4 

6,209 

30,217 

11,477 

2,224 

Hotel 

30,221 

3.3 

14,116 

16,105 

Offices 

18,467 

2.0 

12,179 

6,288 

Unentitled Land 

17,262 

1.9 

16,325 

937 

Senior Housing 

16,595 

1.8 

16,595 

Duplex 

13,639 

1.5 

13,639 

Commercial Other 

11,411 

1.2 

11,411 

Retail 

9,071 

1.0 

5,443 

1,741 

1,887 

Quadplex 

8,932 

1.0 

8,932 

Commercial Lots 

4,018 

0.4 

4,018 

Triplex 

560 

0.1 

560 

Total 

923,442 

100.0 

592,959 

236,004 

54,167 

4,152 

36,160 

CECL allowance (2) 

(41,492) 

Carrying value, net 

881,950 

(1) Represents the year of either origination or amendment where the loan incurred a full re-underwriting in connection with the amendment. 

(2) Includes 35.0 million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, 1.5 million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

December 31, 2022 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Prior 

LTV (2) 

0 - 40 

26,053 

2.8 

22,544 

3,509 

41 - 45 

29,025 

3.1 

7,039 

21,986 

46 - 50 

42,267 

4.6 

22,524 

13,455 

6,288 

51 - 55 

144,649 

15.7 

76,978 

58,876 

8,795 

56 - 60 

107,098 

11.6 

98,691 

8,407 

61 - 65 

456,743 

49.5 

284,722 

112,569 

21,364 

1,928 

36,160 

66 - 70 

93,104 

10.1 

71,638 

16,561 

2,681 

2,224 

71 - 75 

4,280 

0.5 

4,280 

76- 80 

2,540 

0.3 

2,540 

Above 80 

17,683 

1.9 

2,003 

641 

15,039 

Total 

923,442 

100.0 

592,959 

236,004 

54,167 

4,152 

36,160 

CECL allowance (3) 

(41,492) 

Carrying value, net 

881,950 

(1) Represents the year of either origination or amendment where the loan incurred a full re-underwriting in connection with the amendment. 

(2) Represents LTV as of origination or latest amendment. LTVs above 65 generally represent loans in contractual default status where we have agreed to extend funds to the borrower above 65 in order to ensure successful completion of the construction and return of capital. 

(3) Includes 35.0 million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, 1.5 million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2021 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Construction Type 

Vertical Construction 

478,475 

52.5 

234,861 

191,896 

1,177 

2,491 

47,789 

261 

Horizontal Development 

196,543 

21.5 

169,041 

27,502 

Acquisition 

96,937 

10.6 

96,937 

Investment 

65,703 

7.2 

42,509 

2,101 

3,608 

17,485 

Rehabilitation 

27,023 

3.0 

11,320 

15,703 

Land Entitlement 

24,529 

2.7 

24,529 

Bridge 

22,534 

2.5 

18,072 

2,537 

1,925 

Total 

911,744 

100.0 

597,269 

239,739 

3,102 

6,099 

65,274 

261 

CECL allowance (2) 

(10,394) 

Carrying value, net 

901,350 

(1) Represents the year of either origination or amendment where the loan incurred a full re-underwriting in connection with the amendment. 

(2) Includes 0.7 million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, 0.9 million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2021 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Collateral Type 

Residential Lots 

111,644 

12.2 

85,219 

26,425 

Apartments 

107,765 

11.8 

38,232 

68,356 

1,177 

Townhomes 

93,300 

10.2 

51,240 

28,979 

1,017 

11,803 

261 

Mixed Use 

85,929 

9.5 

53,530 

30,474 

1,925 

Single Family Housing 

87,902 

9.6 

84,703 

3,049 

150 

Condos 

64,492 

7.1 

8,805 

18,227 

1,474 

35,986 

Commercial 

61,592 

6.8 

61,592 

Senior Housing 

61,236 

6.7 

35,899 

25,337 

Storage 

56,481 

6.2 

56,481 

Unentitled Land 

46,019 

5.0 

42,411 

3,608 

Entitled Land 

45,098 

4.9 

27,763 

17,335 

Hotel 

31,665 

3.5 

4,886 

26,779 

Offices 

15,348 

1.7 

8,280 

7,068 

Commercial Lots 

10,227 

1.1 

6,670 

3,557 

Quadplex 

9,769 

1.1 

9,769 

Commercial Other 

9,080 

1.0 

9,080 

Retail 

7,873 

0.9 

6,385 

1,488 

Duplex 

6,324 

0.7 

6,324 

Total 

911,744 

100.0 

597,269 

239,739 

3,102 

6,099 

65,274 

261 

CECL allowance (2) 

(10,394) 

Carrying value, net 

901,350 

46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

(1) Represents the year of either origination or amendment where the loan incurred a full re-underwriting in connection with the amendment. 

(2) Includes 0.7 million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, 0.9 million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2021 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

LTV (2) 

0 - 40 

53,907 

5.9 

32,634 

3,608 

17,665 

41 - 45 

48,431 

5.3 

44,380 

4,051 

46 - 50 

63,690 

7.0 

41,356 

21,317 

1,017 

51 - 55 

92,238 

10.1 

74,978 

17,260 

56 - 60 

79,039 

8.7 

27,115 

40,190 

11,473 

261 

61 - 65 

559,997 

61.4 

372,645 

146,640 

3,102 

1,474 

36,136 

66 - 70 

645 

0.1 

645 

71 - 80 

0.0 

Above 80 

13,797 

1.5 

3,516 

10,281 

Total 

911,744 

100.0 

597,269 

239,739 

3,102 

6,099 

65,274 

261 

CECL allowance (3) 

(10,394) 

Carrying value, net 

901,350 

(1) Represents the year of either origination or amendment where the loan incurred a full re-underwriting in connection with the amendment. 

(2) Represents LTV as of origination or latest amendment. LTVs above 65 generally represent loans in contractual default status where we have agreed to extend funds to the borrower above 65 in order to ensure successful completion of the construction and return of capital. 

(3) Includes 0.7 million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, 0.9 million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

Dividends Declared. The following table summarizes the declared cash dividends per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Dividends declared per common share 

0.77 

0.84 

Earnings per Common Share. The following table summarizes the earnings (GAAP) and distributable earnings (non-GAAP) per common share activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Basic weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 

132,841,196 

132,579,289 

Diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 

132,841,196 

132,666,502 

Earnings (loss) per common share, basic 

(0.88) 

0.62 

Earnings (loss) per common share, diluted 

(0.88) 

0.62 

Distributable earnings (loss) per diluted share of common stock 

0.52 

0.71 

Distributable earnings (loss) per diluted share of common stock prior to realized loss on investments 

0.55 

0.73 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Distributable Earnings 
 We have elected to present distributable earnings and distributable earnings prior to realized loss on investments as supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate our operating performance. We define distributable earnings as net income attributable to common stockholders adjusted for: (i) impairment recorded on our loans, investments in real property and goodwill; (ii) unrealized gains or losses on our investments (including provision for credit losses) and warrant liabilities; (iii) new public company transition expenses; (iv) non-capitalized transaction-related and other one-time expenses; (v) non-cash stock-based compensation; (vi) depreciation and amortization including amortization of our intangible assets; and (vii) deferred taxes, which are subject to variability and generally not indicative of future economic performance or representative of current operations. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, provision for credit losses, net was 38.3 and 6.2 million, respectively, which has been excluded from distributable earnings consistent with other unrealized gains (losses) pursuant to our policy for reporting distributable earnings. We expect to recognize such potential credit losses in distributable earnings if and when such amounts are deemed nonrecoverable upon a realization event. This is generally upon charge-off of principal at the time of loan repayment or upon sale of real property owned by us and the amount of proceeds is less than the principal outstanding at the time of foreclosure. 
 Management believes that the adjustments to compute distributable earnings specified above allow investors and analysts to readily identify and track the operating performance of our assets, assist in comparing the operating results between periods, and enable investors to evaluate our current performance using the same measure that management uses to operate the business. Distributable earnings excludes certain recurring items, such as unrealized gains and losses (including provision for credit losses) and non-capitalized transaction-related expenses, because they are not considered by management to be part of our primary operations for the reasons described herein. However, management has elected to also present distributable earnings prior to realized loss on investments because it believes the Company s investors use such measure to evaluate and compare the performance of the Company and its peers. As such, distributable earnings and distributable earnings prior to realized loss on investments are not intended to reflect all of our activity and should be considered as only one of the factors used by management in assessing our performance, along with GAAP net income which is inclusive of all of our activities. 
 As a REIT, we are required to distribute annually to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains) and to pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that we annually distribute less than 100 of such taxable income. Given these requirements and our belief that dividends are generally one of the principal reasons that stockholders invest in our common stock, we generally intend to attempt to pay dividends to our stockholders in an amount equal to our net taxable income, if and to the extent authorized by our board of directors. Distributable earnings and distributable earnings prior to realized loss on investments are one of many factors considered by our board of directors in declaring dividends and, while not direct measures of taxable income, over time, the measures can be considered useful indicators of our dividends. 
 Distributable earnings and distributable earnings prior to realized loss on investments do not represent, and should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, net income or as a substitute for, or superior to, cash flows from operating activities, each as determined in accordance with GAAP, and our calculation of these measures may not be comparable to similarly entitled measures reported by other companies. 
 The table below is a reconciliation of distributable earnings and distributable earnings prior to realized loss on investments to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure: 

Year Ended 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders 

(116,391) 

82,488 

Adjustments for non-distributable earnings: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

3,779 

3,455 

New public company expenses (1) 

953 

Non-capitalized transaction and other transition expenses (2) 

3,229 

987 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

(1,813) 

1,838 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,314 

741 

Impairment on real property 

7,596 

Provision for credit losses, net 

38,266 

6,179 

Goodwill impairment 

136,965 

Distributable earnings prior to realized loss on investments: 

72,945 

96,641 

Realized credit losses (3) 

(4,207) 

(2,672) 

Distributable earnings: 

68,738 

93,969 

Distributable earnings per diluted share of common stock prior to realized loss on investments 

0.55 

0.73 

Distributable earnings per diluted share of common stock 

0.52 

0.71 

Weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic 

132,841,196 

132,579,289 

Diluted 

132,841,196 

132,666,502 

48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

(1) Expenses directly related to professional fees in connection with our new public company reporting procedures, the design and implementation of internal controls under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the implementation of the CECL standard. 

(2) Includes other expenses primarily related to the various costs associated with management succession, including executive search and severance costs, as well as certain unusual repair and legal expenses incurred on held-for-sale real properties no longer under construction. 

(3) Represents credit losses recorded in the provision for credit losses and recognized in distributable earnings upon charge-off of principal at the time of loan repayment or upon sale of real property where proceeds received are less than the principal outstanding. 

Segment Reporting 
 We operate the business as one reportable segment, which originates, underwrites and services mortgage loans. 
 Results from Operations 
 The period-to-period comparison of results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. The tables below set forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of revenue (amounts in thousands, except percentage data): 

Year Ended 

Statements of Operations Data: 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Revenues: 

Interest income 

83,410 

89,957 

93,869 

Fee income 

22,668 

30,587 

28,489 

Total interest and fee income 

106,078 

120,544 

122,358 

Real property revenue from operations 

2,799 

Total revenues 

108,877 

120,544 

122,358 

Expenses: 

Compensation and employee benefits 

16,935 

15,093 

15,646 

General and administrative 

13,300 

11,518 

15,083 

Real property operating expenses and depreciation 

6,365 

108 

168 

Interest expense 

8,638 

3,320 

Total expenses 

45,238 

30,039 

30,897 

Impairment: 

Provision for credit losses, net 

38,266 

6,179 

6,722 

Goodwill impairment 

136,965 

Total impairment 

175,231 

6,179 

6,722 

Other (expense) income: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

1,813 

(1,838) 

5,492 

Gain on sale of real property 

984 

Impairment on real property 

(7,596) 

Total other (expense) income 

(4,799) 

(1,838) 

5,492 

(Loss) income before provision for income taxes 

(116,391) 

82,488 

90,231 

Income tax provision 

Net (loss) income 

(116,391) 

82,488 

90,231 

49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

Year Ended 

Percentage of Revenue: 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Revenues: 

Interest income 

77 

75 

77 

Fee income 

20 

25 

23 

Total interest and fee income 

97 

100 

100 

Real property revenue from operations 

3 

Total revenue 

100 

100 

100 

Expenses: 

Compensation and employee benefits 

16 

13 

13 

General and administrative 

12 

10 

12 

Real property operating expenses and depreciation 

6 

Interest expense 

8 

3 

Total expenses 

42 

26 

25 

Impairment: 

Provision for credit losses, net 

35 

5 

5 

Goodwill impairment 

126 

Total impairment 

161 

5 

5 

Other (expense) income: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

2 

(2) 

4 

Gain on sale of real property 

1 

Impairment on real property 

(7) 

Total other (expense) income 

(4) 

(2) 

4 

(Loss) income before provision for income taxes 

(107) 

67 

74 

Income tax provision 

Net (loss) income 

(107) 

67 

74 

Comparison of Results of Operations 
 Unless otherwise stated, for purposes of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the comparison of the results of operations is for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 108.9 and 120.5 million, respectively, a decrease of 11.6 million. The decrease resulted from a decrease in in fee income and interest income of 7.9 and 6.5 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in real property revenue from operations of 2.8 million, which are discussed in more detail below. 
 Expenses 
 Total expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 45.2 and 30.0 million, respectively, an increase of 15.2 million. The increase resulted from increases in real property operating expenses and depreciation, interest expense, compensation and employee benefits and general and administrative expenses of 6.3, 5.3, 1.8 and 1.8 million, respectively, which are discussed in more detail below. 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income decreased by 6.5 million, or 7.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021, due to a lower average effective interest-bearing principal outstanding during 2022 compared to 2021 resulting from (1) a 12.3 increase in loans on non-accrual over the course of 2022 compared to 2021 and (2) an increase in the number of loans originated during 2022 with lower fixed rate interest and no minimum interest provisions; partially offset by the effects of an increase of 8 in the average size of our loan portfolio. 
 Fee Income 
 Fee income decreased by 7.9 million, or 25.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to (1) a 44.9 decrease in the volume of loan originations during 2022 compared to 2021 along with a decrease in weighted average origination fees on loans recently originated due to increased competition in the marketplace and (2) a lower volume of amendment and extension fees during 2022 as fewer loans were extended beyond their maturity date due to construction delays. 
 Real Property Revenue from Operations 
 Real property revenue from operations increased by 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting from an increase in real properties held for use and in service during 2022 with an insignificant amount in 2021. 
 Compensation and Employee Benefits 
 Compensation and employee benefits expense increased by 1.8 million, or 12.2 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to (1) 1.3 million executive severance and relocation expenses associated with hiring a new chief executive officer during 2022 and (2) increases in cash compensation resulting from higher employee headcount and increased wages in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense increased by 1.8 million, or 15.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases of (1) 1.1 million in board member RSU expense and retainers during 2022 primarily resulting from additional directors being added to the board, (2) 0.5 million in advertising and marketing expenses associated with our rebranding during 2022 and (3) 0.3 million in computer and internet expenses primarily related to new system costs during 2022. 
 Real Property Operating Expenses and Depreciation 
 Real property operating expenses and depreciation increased by 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is due to increases of (1) 3.3 million repair and maintenance expenses, (2) 1.7 million of property taxes, (3) 0.7 million of depreciation expenses and (4) 0.6 million of management and legal expenses. These increases relate to the increase in the number of real properties owned and completion of construction resulting in expenses no longer capitalized and the commencement of depreciation. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased by 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to (1) and increase of 4.8 million in interest and amortization of deferred financing costs for our senior unsecured notes as the notes were issued during the fourth quarter of 2021 and (2) a 0.5 million increase in the sum of undrawn fees, interest on draws and amortization of deferred financing costs for our revolving credit facility during 2022, resulting from making draws on the facility during 2022 and the facility being in place for the full year in 2022 as compared to a partial year for 2021. 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other expense increased by 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase primarily relates to 7.6 million of impairment on real property in the 2022 period with no corresponding impairment in 2021. This increase in other expense was partially offset by (1) a 1.8 million decline in the fair value of the private placement warrant liability recorded during 2022 versus a 1.8 million increase in the fair value during 2021 and (2) a 1.0 million gain on the 2022 sale of real property with no corresponding sale in 2021. 
 Provision for Credit Losses, Net 
 The provision for credit losses increased 32.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase primarily resulted from (1) 29 loans classified as collateral dependent during 2022 compared to 7 during 2021, resulting in increased loan specific allowances based on property value declines and (2) increase to our forecasted losses due to our experience of principal losses realized on paid off loans and loans transferred to real estate owned during 2022. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Goodwill impairment increased by 137.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021 resulting from the fair value of the reporting unit being less than the carrying value. In the later part of the third quarter of 2022 and continuing into the fourth quarter of 2022, market interest rates rose markedly and rapidly primarily as a result of the Federal Reserve's actions to curb rapidly rising inflation. This led to a significant slowdown in real estate transactions and less capital available in the marketplace to finance real estate projects. During the fourth quarter, rising interest rates and macroeconomic uncertainties in the capital markets have led to a significant decrease in real estate sales in the marketplace and in the availability of capital from traditional lenders for longer-term financing of completed construction and development projects, which negatively affected our borrowers' ability to sell or refinance our collateral and repay our loans. As a result, this led the Company to have a higher percentage of defaults go into non-accrual, additional properties foreclosed or start the foreclosure process and the Company prudently slowed origination pace to preserve liquidity. We expect that this situation will likely continue for at least a portion of 2023. These market conditions led us to perform a quantitative goodwill analysis during the fourth quarter of 2022. Our quantitative analysis resulted in recognizing 137.0 million of goodwill impairment. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 A discussion regarding the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found under Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022, which is available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our primary liquidity needs include ongoing commitments to fund our lending activities and future funding obligations for our existing loan portfolio, paying dividends, repaying borrowings and funding other general business needs. Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations are set forth in Note 12 - Commitment and Contingencies of our consolidated financial statements included in this Report. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 55.0 and 132.9 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our total liquidity includes not only cash and cash equivalents, but our entire undrawn revolving credit facility of 135.0 million. 
 We seek to meet our long-term liquidity requirements, such as real estate lending needs, including future construction draw commitments, primarily through our existing cash resources and return of capital from investments, including loan repayments. Additionally, we intend to use borrowings under our revolving credit facility from time to time as a cash management tool in between collecting loan repayments. We expect to opportunistically issue debt and raise capital in the public and private markets from time to time based on market conditions. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.4 billion of total loan commitments outstanding, of which we funded 931.0 million. Of the unfunded commitments, 22.8 million relates to holdbacks that we are not required to fund as the related loans are in default. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Debt-to-Equity Ratio 
 The following table presents our debt-to-equity ratio, based on the amounts presented in our consolidated balance sheets included in this Report, as of the dates presented: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Debt to Equity Ratio 

0.105 

0.085 

Revolving Credit Facility 
 On February 19, 2021, we entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders, providing for a 135.0 million revolving credit facility with a three-year term and bearing interest at the prime rate plus 275 basis points. As a source of backup liquidity for future draws, the availability of the revolving credit facility has enabled us to use a larger percentage of our cash balances for lending activities. In October 2021, we made our first use of our revolving credit facility, with a draw of 50.0 million to support the funding of borrower draws and new loan originations while we awaited several large loan repayments. We then repaid the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility in full by October 31, 2021 following the receipt of such loan repayments, minimizing the cost of such borrowing while earning fee income on the new borrower draws and loan originations. In July and August 2022, we made our second and third use of our revolving credit facility, with draws of 20.0 and 25.0 million, respectively, which we repaid in full by September 30, 2022. 
 Our obligations under the revolving credit facility are secured by substantially all of our assets. The revolving credit facility contains covenants customary for financings of this type, including limitations on the incurrence of indebtedness, liens, asset dispositions, acquisitions, mergers and consolidations, certain dividends, distributions, stock repurchases and other payments, advances and investments, payments to affiliates, optional prepayments and other modifications of certain other indebtedness, and amendments, terminations and waivers of certain material agreements, as well as a minimum tangible net worth, a total debt to equity ratio and a minimum debt service coverage ratio requirement. Among other things, the credit agreement provides that we may not pay cash dividends that would result in non-compliance with the financial covenants under the credit agreement or during an event of default under the credit agreement, except in the case of defaults other than payment defaults, for dividends in the amounts necessary to maintain our REIT status. The revolving credit facility contains events of default customary for financings of this type, including failure to pay principal, interest and other amounts, materially incorrect representations or warranties, failure to observe covenants and other terms of the revolving credit facility, cross-defaults to other indebtedness, bankruptcy, insolvency, material judgments, certain ERISA violations, changes in control and failure to maintain REIT status, in some cases subject to customary grace periods. 
 On November 4, 2022, the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility was amended to allow for repurchases of shares of the Company s common stock, subject to certain limitations. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On November 12, 2021, we completed a private offering of 100.0 million of senior unsecured notes. Interest on the notes accrues at the fixed rate of 5.00 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears. The notes may be prepaid prior to their maturity date, subject to the payment of applicable premiums. The note purchase agreement contains financial covenants that require compliance with leverage and coverage ratios and maintenance of minimum tangible net worth, as well as other affirmative and negative covenants that may limit, among other things, our ability to incur liens and enter into mergers or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. The note purchase agreement governing the notes also includes customary representations and warranties and customary events of default. 
 Equity Offering Program 
 On March 2, 2021, we entered into a distribution agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc., JMP Securities LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc. as sales agents, to sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to 200,000,000, from time to time, through an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program ). We have no obligation to sell any shares under the ATM Program and sold no shares under the ATM Program during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On November 7, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 75.0 million of its common stock thereof (the Stock Repurchase Program ). Repurchases may be made in open-market transactions or privately negotiated transactions, or in such other manner as deemed appropriate by the Company and may be made from time to time as determined by the Company depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume, cash needs and other business factors, in each case as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. We reserve the right to terminate or suspend the Stock Repurchase Program at any time, and it does not have an expiration date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1,295,273 of common stock at an average price of 3.86 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 5.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, 70.0 million remained available for future repurchases pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Program, which repurchases decrease our liquidity and capital resources, when effected. For additional information on our Stock Repurchase Program, see Note 9 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As a REIT, we are required to distribute annually to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains), including taxable income where Broadmark Realty does not receive corresponding cash. We intend to distribute all or substantially all of our REIT taxable income in order to comply with the REIT distribution requirements of the Code and to avoid U.S. federal income tax and the non-deductible excise tax. 
 We believe our existing sources of liquidity are sufficient to fund our existing commitments. To the extent funds available for new loans are limited, we will manage our capital deployment based on the receipt of payoffs and may from time-to-time use borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We also may raise capital from time to time subject to market conditions, which may include additional debt financing. We intend to maintain a conservative balance sheet and debt to equity ratio. Under our credit agreement for our revolving credit facility, we must maintain a total debt to equity ratio that does not exceed 30 . 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following table sets forth changes in cash and cash equivalents for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

57,218 

64,130 

Investing activities 

(22,703) 

(136,079) 

Financing activities 

(112,440) 

(18,537) 

Net decrease in cash cash equivalents 

(77,925) 

(90,486) 

Comparison of Results of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 57.2 and 64.1 million, respectively, a decline of 6.9 million or 10.8 . Net cash provided by operating activities is driven by our net (loss) income adjusted for non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. The 6.9 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to (1) an increase in net losses from real property operations during 2022 compared to 2021, (2) increased interest on the senior unsecured notes as these notes were outstanding for the full year in 2022 versus approximately six weeks in 2021 and (3) an increase in cash paid for compensation and employee benefits, along with the increase in general and administrative expenses, the reasons for which are discussed in more detail above in the Comparison of Results of Operations. The decreases in cash provided by operating activities are partially offset by increases in cash provided by operating activities resulting from the higher amount of accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The reconciliations between net (loss) income and cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows include adjustments to net (loss) income for non-cash items that, while fluctuating between the 2022 and 2021 periods, have no effect on cash that was provided by operating activities. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 22.7 and 136.1 million, respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The decrease in cash used in investing activities of 113.4 million was primarily due to a 65.8 million decrease in fundings for mortgage notes receivable net of principal collections during 2022 and 43.5 million paid for repurchase of loan participations from the Private REIT during 2021 with no corresponding amount in 2022. 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 112.4 and 18.5 million, respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in cash used in financing activities of 93.9 million was primarily due to 100.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of the senior unsecured notes during 2021 and 5.0 million used for the repurchase of our common stock in 2022. These increases were partially offset by (1) 5.1 million payment of costs to obtain our revolving credit facility in 2021, (2) 3.1 million decrease in dividends paid in 2022 compared to 2021 and (3) a 2.9 million payment of debt issuance costs in 2021. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The most significant accounting estimates involve a high degree of judgment or complexity. Management believes the estimates and judgments most critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and to the understanding of our reported financial results include those made in connection with estimating credit losses for our mortgage notes receivable, valuation of investments in real property and valuation of our goodwill. 
 Estimated Credit Losses 
 We measure and record expected credit losses related to our loan portfolio in accordance with the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL standard. The CECL standard requires an entity to consider historical loss experience, current conditions, and a reasonable and supportable forecast of the economic environment. The Company utilizes a probability of default/loss given default PD/LGD method for estimating current expected credit losses. 
 In accordance with the PD/LGD method, an annual historical loss rate is applied to the amortized cost of an asset or pool of assets over the remaining expected life. The PD/LGD method requires consideration of the timing of expected future funding of existing commitments and repayments over each asset s remaining life. An annual loss factor, adjusted for macroeconomic estimates, is applied over each subsequent period and aggregated to arrive at the CECL allowance. 
 In determining the CECL allowance, we considered various factors including (1) historical loss experience in our portfolio, (2) historical loss experience in the commercial real estate lending market, (3) loan specific losses for loans deemed collateral dependent based on excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral, (4) timing of expected pay offs including prepayments and extensions where reasonably expected and (5) our current and future view of the macroeconomic environment. We utilize a reasonable and supportable forecast period equal to the contractual term of the loan plus short-term extensions of one to three months that are reasonably expected for construction loans. 
 Our provision for credit losses increased 32.1 million during 2022 over the provision for 2021 primarily due to the 34.9 million increase in the CECL allowance as of December 31, 2022 for collateral dependent loans compared to the CECL allowance as of December 31, 2021 for collateral dependent loans based on the excess of amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. The fair value of collateral dependent loans is based upon the most recent independent third-party appraisal of value, discounted between 0 to 10 based upon our experience with actual liquidation values. For certain collateral dependent loans, where a recent appraisal is either unavailable or not most representative of fair value, the fair value is based on a broker opinion of value including a capitalized income analysis and replacement cost analysis considering historical operating results, market rents, vacancy rates, capitalization rates, land cost comparisons, market trends and economic conditions. The assessment of fair value of real property is subject to uncertainty and, in certain cases, sensitive to the selection of comparable properties. 
 Valuation of Investments in Real Property 
 To maximize recovery against a defaulted loan, we may assume legal title or physical possession of the underlying collateral through foreclosure or the execution of a deed in lieu of foreclosure. Foreclosed properties are recorded at fair market value at the time of acquisition, which generally approximates the carrying value of the loan secured by such property, net of the related allowance for estimated credit loss. 
 Foreclosed properties classified as held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value and are evaluated for subsequent decreases in fair value on a quarterly basis. Any subsequent decreases in value are recorded as impairment in real property in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Foreclosed properties that are classified as held for use are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. We evaluate our real property held for use for impairment at time of acquisition and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If an impairment indicator exists, we evaluate the undiscounted net cash flows that are expected to be generated by the property, including any estimated proceeds from the eventual disposition of the property. Based upon the analysis, if the carrying value of a property exceeds its undiscounted net cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the property over the estimated fair value of the property. 
 The fair value of real property is based upon the most recent independent third-party appraisal of value, discounted between 0 to 10 based upon our experience with actual liquidation values. For certain real properties, where a recent appraisal is either unavailable or not most representative of fair value, the fair value is based on a broker opinion of value including a capitalized income analysis and replacement cost analysis considering historical operating results, market rents, vacancy rates, capitalization rates, land cost comparisons, market trends and economic conditions. The assessment of fair value of real property is subject to uncertainty and, in certain cases, sensitive to the selection of comparable properties. 
 Valuation of Goodwill 
 Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an impairment may exist. Our assessment begins with an evaluation of qualitative factors including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, current and projected financial performance, changes in strategy and market capitalization to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit exceeds the carrying value. A high degree of judgement is required in evaluating the qualitative factors. If we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative test is then performed. The quantitative test consists of comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill, using income or market approaches. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value including goodwill, an impairment write-down of goodwill would be required for the excess of carrying value over the estimated fair value. Under the income approach, the Company estimates the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows covering discrete forecast periods as well as terminal value determinations. The Company prepares cash flow projections based on management's estimates of long-term growth rates, pre-tax return on earnings, earning asset growth and return on tangible equity, taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The Company bases the discount rate on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit's ability to execute on the projected cash flows. Under the market approach, the Company estimates fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit. The Company weights the fair value derived from the market approach commensurate with the level of comparability of these publicly traded companies to the reporting unit, as well as observable market values of our reporting unit based on any third-party attributions of value to such unit in the context of potential transactions with the Company. When market comparables or observable market values are not meaningful or not available, the Company estimates the fair value of a reporting unit using only the income approach. Estimating the fair value of our reporting unit requires the use of inputs and assumptions for which there is inherent uncertainty. 
 Our 2022 annual goodwill impairment analysis resulted in impairment charges for goodwill related to the Broadmark lending business which is our only reporting unit. The decline in fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value resulted in changes from expected future cash flows as compared to prior year projections which is more broadly a result of macroeconomic factors and other operational challenges as well as an increase in cost of capital. As a result, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 137.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The reporting unit has no remaining goodwill as of December 31, 2022 and an excess of fair value over carrying value of net assets of 0 as of the annual test date. The business is facing challenges reflected in the results for the year ended December 31, 2022. In the later part of the third quarter of 2022 and continuing into the fourth quarter of 2022, market interest rates rose markedly and rapidly primarily as a result of the Federal Reserve's actions to curb rapidly rising inflation. This led to a significant slowdown in real estate transactions and less capital available in the marketplace to finance real estate projects. During the fourth quarter, rising interest rates and macroeconomic uncertainties in the capital markets have led to a significant decrease in real estate sales in the marketplace and in the availability of capital from traditional lenders for longer-term financing of completed construction and development projects, which negatively affected our borrowers' ability to sell or refinance our collateral and repay our loans. As a result, this led the Company to have a higher percentage of defaults go into non-accrual, additional properties foreclose or start the foreclosure process and the Company prudently slowed origination pace to preserve liquidity. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 For a complete listing and description of our significant accounting policies and description of our adoption of new accounting pronouncements and the impact thereof on our business, see Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 At December 31, 2022, we did not have any outstanding market risk sensitive instruments, as such term is used within the meaning of Item 305 of SEC Regulation S-K. However, we are subject to other types of business risk described below and under Market Risks Related to Real Estate Loans in Item 1A. Risk Factors above. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 While we recently began originating certain floating rate loans with interest rate floors, most of our loans bear a fixed rate of interest and we have very limited interest-rate sensitive obligations outstanding. However, the nature of our business exposes us to business risk arising from changes in interest rates. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental, monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. An increase or decrease in interest rates would not impact the interest charged on our then existing loan portfolio, as most of our loans bear fixed rates of interest. However, a rapid significant increase in interest rates may reduce the demand for mortgage loans due to the higher cost of borrowing, potentially resulting in a reduced demand for real estate, declining real estate values and higher default rates. Alternatively, a significant rapid decline in interest rates may negatively affect the amount of interest that we may charge on new loans, including those that are made with capital received as outstanding loans mature. Additionally, declining interest rates may also result in prepayments of existing loans, which may also result in the redeployment of capital in new loans bearing lower interest rates. See Item 1A above, Risk Factors, for additional information regarding interest rate risk. 
 Credit Risk 
 Our loans are subject to credit risk. Credit risk is the exposure to loss from loan defaults. Default rates are subject to a wide variety of factors, including, but not limited to, borrower financial condition, property performance, property management, supply and demand factors, construction trends, consumer behavior, regional economics, interest rates, the strength of the U.S. economy and other factors beyond our control. All loans are subject to a certain possibility of default. We seek to mitigate credit risk by originating loans which are generally secured by first deed of trust position liens on real estate with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 65 . We also undertake extensive due diligence of the property that will be mortgaged to secure the loans, including review of third-party appraisals on the property. 
 Risks Related to Real Estate 
 Residential and commercial property values are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, events such as natural disasters, including hurricanes and earthquakes, acts of war and terrorism, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors) local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of housing, retail, industrial, office or other commercial space) changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments construction quality, construction cost, age and design demographic factors retroactive changes to building or similar codes and increases in operating expenses (such as energy costs). In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the loans, which could also cause us to suffer losses. These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay dividends to stockholders. 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 59 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 62 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 63 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 64 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 65 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 67 

58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Qualitative Adjustments to Current Expected Credit Loss CECL Allowance 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, in determining the CECL allowance, the Company considered various factors including (i) historical loss experience in their portfolio, (ii) historical loss experience in the commercial real estate lending market, (iii) timing of expected pay offs, including prepayments and extensions where reasonably expected, and (iv) their current and future view of the macroeconomic environment. The Company utilizes a reasonable and supportable forecast period equal to the contractual term of the loan plus short-term extensions of one to three months that are reasonably expected for construction loans. 
 The Company estimates the allowance for credit losses using relevant information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level sufficient to provide for expected credit losses over the life of the loan based on evaluating historical credit loss experience and making adjustments to historical loss information for differences in the specific risk characteristics in the current loan portfolio 
 
 The Company makes qualitative adjustments to default and loss data used within the CECL allowance calculation. The qualitative adjustments are used to weigh the Company s own loss experience and historical loss experience in the commercial real estate lending market, to reflect the risk of different lending arrangements, and to forecast certain expected macroeconomic changes over a reasonable and supportable period. We identified the qualitative adjustments to default and loss inputs used in the CECL allowance to be a critical audit matter because of the subjectivity used to determine the adjustments and the estimation uncertainty. This required a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the qualitative adjustments. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of controls implemented by the Company in relation to the determination of the CECL allowance. Specifically, in relation to the adjustments made to the CECL allowance, we focused our procedures on testing internal controls related to evaluation of the use of internally calculated default and loss information and externally sourced default and loss information, and evaluation of macroeconomic factors and other judgments involved in the determination of such adjustments. 

Evaluating management s process for determining the qualitative adjustment used in the weighting of the internal and external data by assessing the consistency of the approach with prior periods and evaluating management s rationale. Performed a sensitivity analysis on the weighting of the internal and external data used in the calculation and evaluated the impact to the allowance as a result of changing the mix of the internal and external data. 

Testing the reasonableness of the economic scenario used in the forecast by evaluating management s rationale for selecting certain macroeconomic variables and comparing conclusions with independent external market data. 

60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

Valuation of Collateral Dependent Loans 
 
 As described in Notes 2, 3 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, for assets that are classified as collateral dependent where (1) the Company has begun foreclosure (2) bankruptcy is declared, (3) they have elected to pursue the appointment of a receiver, (4) loan to value LTV or combined LTV is greater than 100 or; (5) the Company intends to obtain ownership of the property, the Company records loan specific allowances based on the fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell, for expected credit losses under the CECL standard. Given the short-term nature of the loans, the Company evaluates the most recent external appraisal and, depending on the age of the appraisal, may order a new appraisal or, where available, will evaluate against existing comparable sales or other pertinent information to estimate the fair value of the collateral for such loans. The fair value estimate of certain collateral dependent loans required significant judgment, which may include assumptions regarding market capitalization rates, income projections, comparable sales, or other factors deemed relevant by the Company. 
 
 We identified the fair value estimate of certain collateral dependent loans as a critical audit matter because of the subjectivity, lack of observability, and judgment involved in the determination of the valuation method and certain significant assumptions. Auditing the fair value of certain collateral dependent loans required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased effort, including the need to involve internal valuation specialists. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to testing the valuation of certain collateral dependent loans included: 
 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of controls implemented by the Company in relation to the estimation of the fair value of the collateral dependent loans. 

Utilizing our internal valuation specialists to test the valuation of certain collateral dependent loans, including the evaluation of the management s methodologies and significant assumptions used in the Company s fair value analysis. 

Testing the underlying data used to develop the fair value to determine that the information used in the analysis was accurate and complete. 

Utilizing market inputs or other data to either assess the reasonableness of management's estimation of value, or develop an independent expectation of value. 

Considering whether events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date but before the completion of the audit affect the conclusions reached on the fair value measures and disclosures. 

/s/ 

March 1, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Mortgage notes receivable, net 

Interest and fees receivable, net 

Investment in real property held for sale, net 

Investment in real property held for use, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Senior unsecured notes, net 

Dividends payable 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Revenues: 

Interest income 

Fee income 

Total interest and fee income 

Real property revenue from operations 

Total revenues 

Expenses: 

Compensation and employee benefits 

General and administrative 

Real property operating expenses and depreciation 

Interest expense 

Total expenses 

Impairment: 

Provision for credit losses, net 

Goodwill impairment 

Total impairment 

Other (expense) income: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

Gain on sale of real property 

Impairment on real property 

() 

Total other (expense) income 

() 

() 

(Loss) income before provision for income taxes 

() 

Income tax provision 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Preferred 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total 

Balances as of December 31, 2019 

() 

Net income 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Adoption of ASU 2016-13 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares for vested restricted stock units 

Issuance of shares for exercised warrants 

Stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock units 

Balances as of December 31, 2020 

() 

Net income 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares for vested restricted stock units 

Shares withheld for tax liability 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock units 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Dividends 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares for vested restricted stock units 

Issuance of shares for exercised warrants 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Shares withheld for tax liability 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock units 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Accretion of deferred origination and amendment fees 

() 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

Goodwill impairment 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Amortization of credit facility costs 

Stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock units 

Provision for credit losses, net 

Gain on sale of real property 

() 

Impairment on real property 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Interest and fees receivable, net 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

Lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Fundings of mortgage notes receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Principal collections 

Origination and amendment fees received on mortgage notes receivable 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of real property 

Improvements in real property 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of participations in mortgage notes receivable 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Continued 
 (in thousands) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes 

Payment of debt issue costs 

() 

Payment of costs to obtain financing 

() 

Proceeds from borrowings on credit facilities 

Repayment of borrowings on credit facilities 

() 

() 

Payment of taxes on shares withheld for tax liability 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Dividends payable 

Measurement period adjustment to goodwill and intangible assets 

Mortgage notes receivable converted to investment in real property 

Investments in real property converted to mortgage notes receivable 

Interest and fee receivables converted to investments in real property 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment purchased through tenant improvement allowance 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

reportable segment. Our principal business activities are related to the origination underwriting and serving of loans secured by real estate as well the investment in real property held for sale and use. 
 BALANCE SHEET MEASUREMENT , sells us specific U.S. government agency securities and then repurchases these securities the next day. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions, which are insured up to a maximum of per account as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The balances in these accounts may exceed the insured limits. There were restrictions on cash as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 . 
 
 million was recorded effective January 1, 2020 as a cumulative-effect of change in accounting principle through a direct charge to accumulated deficit on our consolidated statements of stockholders equity; however, subsequent changes to the CECL allowance are recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. We record an allowance for credit losses in accordance with the CECL standard on our loan portfolio, including unfunded construction holdbacks, on a collective basis by assets with similar risk characteristics. In addition, for assets that are classified as collateral dependent where (1) we have begun a foreclosure, (2) bankruptcy is declared, (3) we have elected to pursue the appointment of a receiver, (4) Loan-to-value LTV or current LTV is greater than 100 or (5) we intend to obtain ownership of the property, we continue to record loan specific allowances based on the fair value of the collateral for expected credit losses under the CECL standard. Given the short-term nature of our loans, we evaluate the most recent external appraisal and, depending on the age of the appraisal, may order a new appraisal or, where available, will evaluate against existing comparable sales or other pertinent information to estimate the fair value of the collateral for such loans. The CECL standard requires an entity to consider historical loss experience, current conditions, and a reasonable and supportable forecast of the economic environment. The Company utilizes a probability of default/loss given default PD/LGD method for estimating current expected credit losses. In accordance with the PD/LGD method, an annual historical loss rate is applied to the amortized cost of an asset or pool of assets over the remaining expected life. The PD/LGD method requires consideration of the timing of expected future funding of existing commitments and repayments over each asset s remaining life. An annual loss factor, adjusted for macroeconomic estimates, is applied over each subsequent period and aggregated to arrive at the CECL allowance. In determining the CECL allowance, we considered various factors including (1) historical loss experience in our portfolio, (2) historical loss experience in the commercial real estate lending market, (3) loan specific losses for loans deemed collateral dependent based on excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral (4) timing of expected pay offs including prepayments and extensions where reasonably expected and (5) our current and future view of the macroeconomic environment. We utilize a reasonable and supportable forecast period equal to the contractual term of the loan plus short-term extensions of one to three months that are reasonably expected for construction loans. Management estimates the allowance for credit losses using relevant information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level sufficient to provide for expected credit losses over the life of the loan based on evaluating historical credit loss experience and making adjustments to historical loss information for differences in the specific risk characteristics in the current loan portfolio. The CECL allowance related to the principal outstanding is presented within mortgage notes receivable, net and for unfunded commitments is within accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. We have made an accounting policy election to exclude accrued interest receivable, included in interest and fees receivable, net on our consolidated balance sheets, from the amortized cost basis of the related mortgage notes receivable in determining the CECL allowance, as any uncollectable accrued interest receivable is written off either when the collateral underlying the loan is sold or upon transfer to real estate owned. No interest income is recognized on mortgage notes receivable that are in contractual default unless the collectability of all principal is not in doubt and collection of accrued amounts is reasonably assured or paid in cash. In addition, if a loan is deemed collateral dependent or high risk, it is placed on non-accrual status with interest income recognized on a cash-basis where principal collection is not in doubt. 

Real Property Held for Use Properties that are classified as held for use are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. We evaluate our real property held for use for impairment at the time of acquisition and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If an impairment indicator exists, we evaluate the undiscounted net cash flows that are expected to be generated by the property, including any estimated proceeds from the eventual disposition of the property. Based upon the analysis, if the carrying value of a property exceeds its undiscounted net cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the property over the estimated fair value of the property. In evaluating and/or measuring impairment, we consider, among other things, current and estimated future cash flows associated with each property, market information for each sub-market, including, where applicable, competition levels, foreclosure levels, leasing trends, occupancy trends, lease or room rates, and the market prices of similar properties recently sold or currently being offered for sale and other quantitative and qualitative factors. Another key consideration in this assessment is our assumption about the highest and best use of the real estate investments and our intent and ability to hold them for a reasonable period that would allow for the recovery of their carrying values. Costs related to acquisition, development, construction and improvements are capitalized to the extent the investment in the real property held for use does not exceed the fair value less estimated costs to sell. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Once construction is complete and the property is held available for occupancy, real property held for use is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the property. Depreciation expense is no longer recorded once the real property is classified as held for sale. 

. For leasehold improvements, we amortize over the shorter of expected useful life or lease term. 

INCOME RECOGNITION and of the face amount of the note until the actual outstanding principal exceeds the minimum threshold. Our loans originated since the second quarter of 2021 typically do not provide for minimum interest provisions. Mortgage notes receivable can be placed in contractual default status for any of the following reasons: (1) interest receivable is 60 days past due, (2) the loan was not repaid at the maturity date (3) there is a breach of terms in the loan documents or (4) the value of the collateral is less than the loan amount. The accrual of interest income is suspended when a loan is in contractual default unless the interest is paid in cash or collectability of all amounts due is reasonably assured. In addition, we may place a loan on non-accrual status when the loan is either deemed collateral dependent or high risk. The following criteria are used to determine if a loan is deemed high risk: (1) total outstanding interest and fee receivables are greater than 15 of the total commitment and outstanding face rate interest receivable if 60 days past due, (2) there is a significant decline in the value of the collateral due to entitlement, engineering or project changes, (3) introduction of significant uncertainty due to the project or collateral type, (4) significant decline in value of collateral due to market conditions, (5) significant damage or loss to the collateral, (6) adverse claim against the property or borrower and (7) unfunded construction cost overruns. Interest previously accrued may be reversed at that time, and such reversal is offset against interest income. The accrual of interest income resumes only when the loans are no longer deemed collateral dependent or high risk, with collectability being reasonably assured. 
 
 EXPENSE RECOGNITION 
 for employees and for directors. Awards made to our employees and directors, typically consist of restricted stock units RSUs ). Employee stock-based compensation expense is included in compensation and employee benefits and director stock-based compensation expense is included in general and administrative in the consolidated statement of operations. For awards with only a service vesting condition, the fair value of the award is based on the grant date closing price of our common stock less the present value of expected dividends over the requisite service period, as the awards are not entitled to dividends. For these awards, we recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award, subject to periodic adjustments to ensure that the cumulative amount of expense recognized through the end of any reporting period is at least equal to the portion of the grant date fair value of the award that has vested through that date, and we account for forfeitures prospectively as they occur. For awards that contain both service vesting and market conditions, referred to as performance restricted stock units pRSUs ), we use a Monte Carlo simulation model to calculate the grant date fair value. For these market-condition awards, regardless of the outcome of the market condition, we recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the longest of explicit and derived service periods, and we account for forfeitures prospectively as they occur. If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying unvested share-based awards, we may be required to accelerate or increase any remaining unrecognized or previously recorded stock-based compensation expense. 

74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 . The LTV is calculated on an as-complete appraised value of the underlying collateral as determined by an independent appraiser at the time of the loan origination. The lending standards also typically limit the initial outstanding principal balance of the loan to a maximum LTV of up to of the as-is appraised value of the underlying collateral, as determined by an independent appraiser at the time of the loan origination. Unless otherwise indicated, LTV is measured by the total commitment amount of the loan at origination divided by the as-complete appraisal. LTVs do not reflect interim loan activity such as construction draws or interest payments capitalized to loans, or partial repayments of the loan. The maximum amount of a single loan may not exceed of our total assets and the maximum amount to a single borrower may not exceed of our total assets. We consider the maximum LTV as an indicator for the credit quality of a mortgage note receivable. Mortgage notes receivable are considered to be short-term financings. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average term outstanding of our active loans was months, which we often elect to extend for several months, based on our evaluation of the expected timeline for completion of construction. All loans require monthly interest only payments, with our weighted average interest rate on our portfolio being as of December 31, 2022 . Most loans are structured with an interest reserve holdback that covers the interest payments for the initial term of the loan. Once the interest reserve is depleted, borrowers are expected to pay their monthly interest payment within of month-end. Mortgage notes receivable are presented net of construction holdbacks, interest reserves, allowance for credit losses and deferred origination and amendment fee income in the consolidated balance sheets. The construction holdback represents amounts withheld from the funding of construction loans until we deem construction to be sufficiently completed. The interest reserve represents amounts withheld from the funding of certain mortgage notes receivable for the purpose of satisfying monthly interest payments over all or part of the term of the related note. Accrued interest is paid out of the interest reserve and recognized as interest income at the end of each month. The deferred origination, loan servicing and amendment fee income represents amounts that will be recognized over the contractual life of the underlying mortgage notes receivable. 

Less: 

Construction holdbacks (1) 

Interest reserves 

Total principal outstanding for our mortgage notes receivable 

Less: 

Allowance for credit losses (2) 

Deferred origination and amendment fees 

Mortgage notes receivable, net 

(1) and million, respectively, of construction holdbacks for defaulted loans that we are no longer required to pay. These amounts are included in the loan commitment totals. 

 (2) and million, respectively, of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

non-accrual status with interest income recognized on a cash-basis where principal collection is not in doubt. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal outstanding on loans in contractual default status placed on non-accrual status was and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal outstanding on loans in contractual default was and million, respectively. 

Condos 

Hotel 

Entitled Land 

Townhomes 

Single Family Housing 

Mixed Use 

Unentitled Land 

Apartments 

Offices 

Retail 

Total 

December 31, 2022 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

LTV (1) 

0 - 40 

41 - 60 

61 - 80 

Above 80 

Total 

(1) Represents current LTV as of origination or latest amendment. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average LTV for loans in contractual default using the latest appraisal was . The weighted average LTV of our loans in contractual default net of our allowance for credit losses was approximately . 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Number of Loans 

Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

Collateral Type 

Condos 

Senior Housing 

Residential lots 

Townhomes 

Entitled Land 

Mixed Use 

Hotel 

Unentitled Land 

Apartments 

Single Family Housing 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

LTV (1) 

0 - 40 

41 - 60 

61 - 80 

Above 80 

Total 

(1) Represents LTV as of origination or latest amendment. 

Current Expected Credit Losses In assessing the CECL allowance, we consider historical loss experience, current conditions, and a reasonable and supportable forecast of the macroeconomic environment. We derived an annual historical loss rate based on the Company s historical loss experience in its portfolio and the historical loss experience in the commercial real estate industry provided by a third party adjusted to incorporate the risks of construction lending and to reflect our expectations of the macroeconomic environment based on forecast data per the Federal Reserve. 

Provision for credit losses, net 

Charge-offs (1) 

() 

() 

CECL allowance as of December 31, 2021 

Provision for credit losses, net 

Charge-offs (1) 

() 

() 

CECL allowance as of December 31, 2022 

(1) 

 (2) 

 As of December 31, 2022, the funded and unfunded CECL allowance aggregated million, which represents an increase of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 . This increased allowance reflects increased loan specific allowances for certain high risk and collateral dependent loans where the fair value of the underlying collateral was less than the amortized cost of the loan, as well as increased uncertainty in the macroeconomic outlook, including weakening credit indicators, inflationary pressures, rising interest rates and market volatility. 
 In determining our CECL allowance, we segment loans with similar characteristics. All of our loans are secured by residential or commercial real estate and, in assessing estimated credit losses, we evaluate various metrics, including, but not limited to, construction type, collateral type, LTV, market conditions of property location and borrower experience and financial strength. 

Horizontal Development 

Investment 

Rehabilitation 

Land Entitlement 

Bridge 

Acquisition 

Total 

CECL allowance (2) 

() 

Carrying value, net 

(1) . 

 (2) million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2022 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Prior 

Collateral Type 

Apartments 

Single Family Housing 

Townhomes 

Residential Lots 

Entitled Land 

Condos 

Commercial 

Mixed Use 

Hotel 

Offices 

Unentitled Land 

Senior Housing 

Duplex 

Commercial Other 

Retail 

Quadplex 

Commercial Lots 

Triplex 

Total 

CECL allowance (2) 

() 

Carrying value, net 

(1) 

 (2) million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2022 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Prior 

LTV (2) 

0 - 40 

41 - 45 

46 - 50 

51 - 55 

56 - 60 

61 - 65 

66 - 70 

71 - 75 

76- 80 

Above 80 

Total 

CECL allowance (3) 

() 

Carrying value, net 

(1) 

 (2) generally represent loans in contractual default status where we have agreed to extend funds to the borrower above in order to facilitate successful completion of the construction and return of capital. 

 (3) million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2021 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Construction Type 

Vertical Construction 

Horizontal Development 

Acquisition 

Investment 

Rehabilitation 

Land Entitlement 

Bridge 

Total 

CECL allowance (2) 

() 

Carrying value, net 

(1) 

 (2) million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2021 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Collateral Type 

Residential Lots 

Apartments 

Townhomes 

Mixed Use 

Single Family Housing 

Condos 

Commercial 

Senior Housing 

Storage 

Unentitled Land 

Entitled Land 

Hotel 

Offices 

Commercial Lots 

Quadplex 

Commercial Other 

Retail 

Duplex 

Total 

CECL allowance (2) 

() 

Carrying value, net 

(1) 

 (2) million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2021 

Year Originated (1) 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Portfolio 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

LTV (2) 

0 - 40 

41 - 45 

46 - 50 

51 - 55 

56 - 60 

61 - 65 

66 - 70 

71 - 80 

Above 80 

Total 

CECL allowance (3) 

() 

Carrying value, net 

(1) 

 (2) generally represent loans in contractual default status where we have agreed to extend funds to the borrower above in order to ensure successful completion of the construction and return of capital. 

 (3) million in loan specific allowances for loans deemed collateral dependent based on the excess amortized cost over the fair value of the underlying collateral. In addition, million of the CECL allowance is excluded from this table because it relates to unfunded commitments and has been recorded as a liability under accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 

() 

Condos 

() 

Land 

() 

Townhomes 

() 

Single Family Housing 

() 

Hotel 

() 

Apartments 

() 

Offices 

() 

Mixed Use 

() 

Total 

() 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

CECL Allowance (1) 

Carrying Value, net 

Collateral Type 

Senior Housing 

() 

Entitled Land 

() 

Single Family Housing 

() 

Condos 

() 

Townhomes 

() 

Total 

() 

80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 and properties or projects, with aggregate carrying value of and million, respectively. 

Offices 

Single Family Housing 

Townhomes 

Apartments 

Residential Lots 

Condos 

Retail 

Total 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Number of Properties 

Carrying Value 

Number of Properties 

Carrying Value 

Collateral Type 

Held for sale 

Held for use 

Total 

Gain on sale 

Less: 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation (1) 

Impairment 

Net loss from investment in real property, held for sale 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 

Held for Use 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Revenue from operations 

Less: 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation 

Impairment 

Net loss from investment in real property, held for use 

() 

() 

In April 2022, the Company executed an agreement with an unrelated party to sell a real property with a carrying value of million for a sales price of million. As part of the sale, the Company received a promissory note from the purchaser in the principal amount of million. The note was amended to extend the financing term, resulting in an extension of the maturity date to December 31, 2022 after receiving partial payments on July 1, 2022 and August 31, 2022. In December 2022, the Company amended the loan to extend the maturity date to , whereby we agreed to an additional advance of million. This seller-financed sale of real property was evaluated for derecognition of the transferred assets and income recognition based on whether a sales contract existed and effective control was transferred to the purchaser and it was determined that the transaction met all of the criterion to be recognized as a sale. 

 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

Mortgage notes receivable, net 

Interest and fees receivable, net 

Financial Liabilities 

Senior unsecured notes, net 

Private placement warrant liability 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Value 

Estimated Fair Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Mortgage notes receivable, net 

Interest and fees receivable, net 

Financial Liabilities 

Senior unsecured notes, net 

Private placement warrant liability 

Collateral valuations 
 
 Discount to appraised value based on comparable market prices, broker opinion of value, discounted cash flows or capitalization rate applied to estimate net operating income 
 
 - 

Investment in real property held for use (1) 

Collateral valuations 
 
 Discount to appraised value based on comparable market prices, broker opinion of value, discounted cash flows or capitalization rate applied to estimate net operating income 
 
 - 

Collateral dependent loans, net of allowance for credit losses (1) 

Collateral valuations 
 
 Discount to appraised value based on comparable market prices or broker opinion of value, discounted cash flows or capitalization rate applied to estimate net operating income 
 
 - 

Total 

(1) 

Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The private placement warrants are carried at fair value. Initially, the fair value of the private placement warrants was classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy as it was valued using a lattice model, which primarily incorporates observable inputs such as our common stock price, exercise price, term of the warrant, dividend yield and the risk-free rate; however, it also incorporates an assumption for equity volatility. For the unobservable volatility input, we solved for the volatility of the public warrants using the lattice model that captures the redemption right and analyzed the calculated equity volatility based on the volatility of the common stock of comparable public companies. This valuation methodology resulted in the same value per share for both the public warrants and private placement warrants, indicating the redemption right, a feature excluded from private placement warrants, did not change the valuation; and therefore, the quoted price per share of the public warrants was used to value the private placement warrants on a recurring basis beginning September 30, 2021. As we utilized observable inputs in the valuation, specifically a quoted price for a similar item in an active market, we re-classified the private placement warrant liability from a Level 3 to a Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2021. million private placement warrants, estimated using the quoted share price of the public warrants, was approximately and per warrant or and per share to arrive at and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 9 for additional details on the private placement warrants. Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis For our investments in real property held for sale, we compare the cost basis to the fair value of real properties at each reporting period, based upon the most recent independent third-party appraisals of value discounted based upon our experience with actual liquidation values. These discounts to the appraisals generally range from to and are considered unobservable inputs in Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Any decline in the fair value of real property held for sale will be recorded in a valuation account to offset the cost basis and carry at fair value on a non-recurring basis. Similarly, whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable for our investments in real property held for use, we evaluate the undiscounted net cash flows that are expected to be generated from the property, including any estimated proceeds from the eventual disposition of the property. If the carrying value of a property held for use exceeds its undiscounted net cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the property over the estimated fair value of the property and will be recorded in a valuation account on a non-recurring basis. The fair value of collateral dependent loans is based upon the most recent independent third-party appraisal of value, discounted between 0 to 10 based upon our experience with actual liquidation values. For certain collateral dependent loans, where a recent appraisal is either unavailable or not most representative of fair value, the fair value is based on a broker opinion of value including a capitalized income analysis and replacement cost analysis considering historical operating results, market rents, vacancy rates, capitalization rates, land cost comparisons, market trends and economic conditions. The assessment of fair value of real property is subject to uncertainty and, in certain cases, sensitive to the selection of comparable properties. As the result of using unobservable inputs in the valuation, we classify collateral dependent as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Impairment indicators may subject goodwill to nonrecurring fair value measurements when certain triggering events occur. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges for goodwill. The implied fair value of our goodwill was estimated using both the discounted cash flow and market multiple approaches, which are Level 3 valuation techniques. Refer to Note 6 for additional details on significant inputs used in our analysis. Fair Value Disclosure Only For our financial instruments, including cash equivalents, which are classified under Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy as well as interest and fees receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities which are classified under Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities. Our mortgage notes receivable are evaluated for expected credit losses and are presented net of an allowance for credit losses. We determined the fair value of our mortgage notes receivable based on a discounted cash flow methodology, taking into consideration various factors including discount rates, interest rate spreads and third-party appraisals for estimating as-complete appraised values. The interest rate spreads range from to , with a weighted average spread of . As we utilize unobservable inputs, we classify mortgage notes receivable as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Our senior unsecured notes were purchased at par by investors in a private placement, but trade in the secondary market. Fair value is estimated using current market quotes received from active markets and we classify as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 

 to million. This adjustment increased the preliminary amount of goodwill previously recorded by million resulting in million of goodwill as of September 30, 2020. As a result of this adjustment to preliminary values, million of amortization of intangible assets recorded in 2019 was reversed in the first quarter of 2020. Goodwill We test our reporting unit for goodwill impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or upon a triggering event. Our qualitative analysis performed in the fourth quarter of 2022 considered continued interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve to curb rising inflation and resulting market volatility, a significant slowdown in real estate transactions and less capital available in the marketplace to finance real estate projects and further decreases in our stock price. We concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit was less than its carrying amount as of December 31, 2022 and, therefore, a quantitative analysis was necessary. The quantitative analysis was based on income and market multiples approaches. Under the income approach, the fair value of a reporting unit was estimated based on the present value of estimated future cash flows covering discrete forecast periods as well as terminal value determinations. We prepared cash flow projections based on management's estimates of long-term growth rates, pre-tax return on earnings, earning asset growth and return on tangible equity, taking into consideration industry and market conditions. The discount rate was based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit's ability to execute on the projected cash flows. Under the market approach, fair value was estimated based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit, as well as observable market values of our reporting unit based on any third-party attributions of value to such unit in the context of potential transactions with us. We weighted the fair value derived from the market approach commensurate with the level of comparability of these publicly traded companies to the reporting unit. Our 2022 annual goodwill impairment analysis resulted in impairment charges for goodwill related to the Broadmark lending business which is our only reporting unit. The decline in fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value resulted in changes from expected future cash flows as compared to prior year projections which is more broadly a result of macroeconomic factors and other operational challenges as well as an increase in cost of capital. As a result, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of million in the fourth quarter of 2022. The reporting unit has remaining goodwill as of December 31, 2022 and an excess of fair value over carrying value of net assets of as of the annual test date. The business is facing challenges reflected in the results for the year ended December 31, 2022. In the later part of the third quarter of 2022 and continuing into the fourth quarter of 2022, market interest rates rose markedly and rapidly primarily as a result of the Federal Reserve's actions to curb rapidly rising inflation. This led to a significant slowdown in real estate transactions and less capital available in the marketplace to finance real estate projects. During the fourth quarter, rising interest rates and macroeconomic uncertainties in the capital markets lead to a significant decrease in real estate sales in the marketplace and in the availability of capital from traditional lenders for longer-term financing of completed construction and development projects, which negatively affected our borrowers' ability to sell or refinance our collateral and repay our loans. As a result, this led us to have a higher percentage of defaults go into non-accrual, additional properties foreclose or start the foreclosure process and the decision to slow origination pace to preserve liquidity. 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2021 

Less: 

Impairment 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2022 

Intangible Assets 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

85 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Note 7 - 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Accrued salaries, bonus and commissions. 

Allowance for credit losses on unfunded commitments 

Total 

million revolving credit facility maturing on . Advances under the revolving credit facility bear interest at prime rate plus and the facility has a commitment fee of of unfunded commitment per annum. We incurred fees of approximately million in relation to the revolving credit facility, which were capitalized as deferred financing costs on the consolidated balance sheets and are being amortized over the term. As of December 31, 2022, the revolving credit facility has principal outstanding. Our obligations under the revolving credit facility are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. The revolving credit facility contains covenants customary for financings of this type, including limitations on the incurrence of indebtedness, liens, asset dispositions, acquisitions, mergers and consolidations, certain dividends, distributions, stock repurchases and other payments, advances and investments, payments to affiliates, optional prepayments and other modifications of certain other indebtedness, and amendments, terminations and waivers of certain material agreements, as well as compliance with leverage and coverage ratios and maintenance of minimum tangible net worth. Among other things, the credit agreement provides that we may not pay cash dividends that would result in non-compliance with the financial covenants under the credit agreement or during an event of default under the credit agreement, except in the case of defaults other than payment defaults, for dividends in amounts necessary to maintain our REIT status. The revolving credit facility contains events of default customary for financings of this type, including failure to pay principal, interest and other amounts, materially incorrect representations or warranties, failure to observe covenants and other terms of the revolving credit facility, cross-defaults to other indebtedness, bankruptcy, insolvency, material judgments, certain ERISA violations, changes in control and failure to maintain REIT status, in some cases subject to customary grace periods. On November 4, 2022, the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility was amended to allow for repurchases of shares of the Company s common stock, subject to certain limitations. On November 12, 2021, we completed a private offering of million of senior unsecured notes. Interest on the notes accrues at the fixed rate of per annum, which is payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15. The notes may be prepaid prior to their maturity date, subject to the payment of applicable premiums. The note purchase agreement governing the notes contains financial covenants that require compliance with leverage and coverage ratios and maintenance of minimum tangible net worth, as well as other affirmative and negative covenants that may limit, among other things, our ability to incur liens and enter into mergers or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. The note purchase agreement also includes customary representations and warranties and customary events of default. The amounts outstanding under the notes will be due on . We incurred fees of approximately million in relation to the issuance of the notes, which are amortized to interest expense over the remaining life of the respective loan term. 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total notes, net 

Revolving credit facility 

Total 

vote for each share. Equity Offering Program On March 2, 2021, we entered into a distribution agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc., JMP Securities LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc. as sales agents, to sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to , from time to time, through an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program ). We have no obligation to sell any shares under the ATM Program and sold no shares under the ATM Program during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Stock Repurchase Authorizations On November 7, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to million of its common stock, par value per share. Repurchases under the stock repurchase program may be made at management s discretion from time to time on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, in each case subject to compliance with all Securities and Exchange Commission rules and other legal requirements, and may be made in part under one or more Rule 10b5-1 plans, which permit stock repurchases at times when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so. The timing and amount of any repurchase transactions will be determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions, share price, legal requirements and other factors. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares that will be repurchased under the stock repurchase program, or that any repurchases will occur. In addition, the stock repurchase program may be suspended, extended or terminated by the Company at any time without prior notice. As of December 31, 2022, million remained available for future repurchases. Public and Private Warrants As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were million public warrants outstanding to purchase one-fourth of a share and million private placement warrants outstanding to purchase one share of common stock. In the aggregate, we have outstanding warrants to purchase approximately million shares of common stock at a price of per whole share. Settlement of outstanding warrants will be in shares of our common stock, unless we elect (solely in our discretion) to settle warrants we have called for redemption in cash, and subject to customary adjustment in the event of business combinations and certain tender offers. Unless earlier redeemed, the public warrants will expire on November 19, 2024. The liability for the private placement warrants was million as of December 31, 2022 and is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Earnings per Common Share) 

Basic weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 

Dilutive effect of share-based compensation unvested restricted stock units (1) 

Diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 

Basic earnings per common share 

() 

Diluted earnings per common share 

() 

(1) 

Unexercised public warrants and private placement warrants 

Total stock equivalents excluded 

nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. Our qualification as a REIT also depends on our ability to meet various other requirements imposed by the Code, which relate to organizational structure, diversity of stock ownership, and certain restrictions with regard to the nature of assets and the sources of income. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal income and excise taxes and state and local taxes on our income and assets. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT for any taxable year, we may be subject to material penalties as well as federal, state, and local income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and we would not be able to qualify as a REIT for the subsequent four full taxable years. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with all REIT requirements. Based on our evaluation, we concluded that there are significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in our consolidated financial statements of a contingent tax liability for uncertain tax positions. Additionally, there were amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of or during the periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The state and local tax jurisdictions for which we are subject to tax-filing obligations recognize our status as a REIT, and therefore, we generally do not pay income tax in such jurisdictions. We may, however, be subject to certain minimum state and local tax filing fees as well as certain excise or business taxes. Our TRSs are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes. 

 88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units or other equity-based awards or any combination thereof to the directors, employees, consultants or any other party providing services to us. The Plan is administered by the compensation committee of our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares available to be awarded under the Plan. Awards made to our employees and directors typically consist of restricted stock units RSUs with only a service vesting condition. Awards to certain of our employees contain both service vesting and market conditions and are referred to as performance restricted stock units pRSUs ). The RSUs granted under the Plan generally vest from one to three years depending on the terms of the specific award. All RSUs awarded will be settled upon vesting in shares of our common stock. For the Company's pRSUs, in addition to service conditions, the ultimate number of shares to be earned depends on the achievement of market-based performance conditions. The market-based performance conditions are based on the Company's achievement of a relative total shareholder return TSR performance requirement, on a percentile basis, compared to a defined group of peer companies over a three year performance period, or contingent upon achieving specific stock price milestones over a five year performance period. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the grant-date fair value of awards with market-based performance conditions. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Dividend equivalents are not accrued or paid on unvested equity awards that were granted to employees, executive officers and directors and accordingly those unvested equity awards are not considered participating securities. If an award granted under the Plan expires or terminates, the shares subject to any portion of the award that expires or terminates without having been exercised or paid will again become available for the issuance of additional awards. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Shares 

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Market Value 

Unvested pRSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Unvested pRSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested pRSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of net unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements. This compensation will be recognized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average recognition period of years. 

Operating lease obligations (2) 

Total 

(1) million of holdbacks are excluded from this table as they represent capital expenditures required to complete construction for defaulted loans that we are no longer required to pay. 

 (2) million of imputed interest. 

Construction Loans Our commitments and contingencies include usual obligations incurred by real estate lending companies in the normal course of business, including construction holdbacks as disclosed in Note 3. Lease Commitments On March 18, 2020, we entered into a non-cancelable operating lease agreement for our office space in Seattle with an original lease period expiring in January 2032, which includes an option to extend the lease term for an additional five years. We have concluded that the renewal option is not reasonably certain of being exercised, therefore, the renewal is not included in the right of use asset and lease liability. The lease commencement date was in the first quarter of 2021. The total future cash payments included in the measurement of our operating lease liabilities, net of lease incentives, was million at inception of the lease. The right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for the new operating lease obligation and the tenant improvements were and million, respectively. The discount rate for the operating lease was , resulting in an initial imputed interest amount of million. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are named as a defendant in legal actions relating to transactions conducted in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance of the outcome of such legal actions, in the opinion of management, we do not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceeding or claim that would individually or in the aggregate materially affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Concentration Risk Our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 is generally secured by first deed of trust liens on residential and commercial real estate located in states and the District of Columbia. Our loan portfolio is also concentrated within counties, the largest being King County in Washington. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the top ten counties make up of the total committed amount of loans in our total portfolio. 

 90 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 on employee contributions of up to of their annual compensation. The total expense related to the Broadmark 401(k) Plan was million for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

 million. As of September 30, 2021, the Private REIT had distributed the net assets in excess of cash required to discharge liabilities (including accrued liabilities for liquidation costs) to its investors based on their relative percentage interests. The Private REIT Manager, acting as liquidator, was responsible for discharging the Private REIT s remaining liabilities and winding up its affairs, which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2021. 

 per common share payable on February 15, 2023 to stockholders of record as of January 31, 2023, and on February 15, 2023, our board of directors declared a cash dividend of per common share payable on March 15, 2023 to stockholders of record as of February 28, 2023. Investment in Real Property On January 24, 2023, the Company acquired via a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure an square foot luxury apartment property in Colorado. The property previously served as collateral for a loan held for investment with a carrying value of million, net of a CECL reserve of million at December 31, 2022. On February 9, 2023 the Company acquired via a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure a acre property in Illinois. The property previously served as collateral for a loan held for investment with a carrying value of million, net of a CECL reserve of million at December 31, 2022. On February 10, 2023, the Company acquired via foreclosure a acre property in Utah. The property previously served as collateral for a loan held for investment with a carrying value of million, net of a CECL reserve of 0.3 million at December 31, 2022. On February 15, 2023, the Company acquired via foreclosure a acre property in Colorado. The property previously served as collateral for a loan held for investment with a carrying value of million, net of a CECL reserve of million at December 31, 2022. Agreement and Plan of Merger On February 26, 2023, the Company, Ready Capital Corporation Ready Capital and Ready Capital Merger Sub, LLC Merger Sub entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company will merge with and into Merger Sub and each share of the Company s common stock will be converted into shares of Ready Capital common stock. The transaction is expected to close during the second quarter of 2023, subject to the respective approvals by the stockholders of Ready Capital and the Company and other customary closing conditions. Ready Capital is a multi-strategy real estate finance company that originates, acquires finances, and services small-to-medium balance commercial loans and is headquartered in New York, New York. 

 91 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and include those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 . 
 Moss Adams LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, has audited the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their audit report is included with our financial statements, and expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. 
 92 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 PART III. 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the definitive Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the definitive Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the definitive Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 K . 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the definitive Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the definitive Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 
 93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 PART IV. 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) and (2) Financial Statements and Schedules. 
 See Index to Financial Statements and Schedules on page F 1. 
 (3) Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 9, 2019, by and among Trinity Merger Corp., Broadmark Realty Capital Inc., Trinity Merger Sub I, Inc., Trinity Merger Sub II, LLC, PBRELF I, LLC, BRELF II, LLC, BRELF III, LLC, BRELF IV, LLC, Pyatt Broadmark Management, LLC, Broadmark Real Estate Management II, LLC, Broadmark Real Estate Management III, LLC, and Broadmark Real Estate Management IV, LLC (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the joint proxy statement/prospectus contained in Broadmark Realty s Amendment No. 2 to the registration statement on Form S 4 (File No. 333 233214), filed with the SEC on October 15, 2019). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 K (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on November 20, 2019). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 K (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 A12B (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 A12B (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 

4.3 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2018, between Trinity Merger Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 A12B (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 

4.4 
 
 Amendment to Warrant Agreement, dated November 14, 2019, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 K (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on November 20, 2019). 

4.5 
 
 Second Amendment to Warrant Agreement, dated November 14, 2019, by and among Broadmark Realty Capital Inc., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Co., and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 K (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on November 20, 2019). 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 2, 2022, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and Jeffrey Pyatt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8-K (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on February 7, 2022).+ 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 7, 2022, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and Jeffrey B. Pyatt.+ 

10.3 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 7, 2022, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and Kevin M. Luebbers.+ 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 7, 2022, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and Jonathan R. Hermes.+ 

94 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 5, 2020, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and Nevin Boparai (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020).+ 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 2, 2022, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and Brian Ward (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8-K (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on February 7, 2022).+ 

10.7 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement, dated November 2, 2022, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and Brian P. Ward.+ 

10.8 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 K (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on November 20, 2019).+ 

10.9 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 K (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on November 20, 2019). 

10.10 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8 K (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020).+ 

10.11 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Executive Officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Broadmark Realty's Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021). + 

10.12 
 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Broadmark Realty's Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021).+ 

10.13 
 
 Executive Officer Annual Cash Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8-K (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on January 27, 2021).+ 

10.14 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, by and among Broadmark Realty Capital Inc., the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8-K (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated November 12, 2021, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Broadmark Realty's Form 10-K (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022). 

10.16 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated November 4, 2022, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Broadmark Realty's Form 8-K (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 12, 2021, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. and each of the Purchasers listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 8-K (File No. 001-39134), filed with the SEC on November 17, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

22.1 
 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22.1 to Broadmark Realty s Form 10-K (File No. 001 39134), filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Moss Adams LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Rule13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

31.2 
 
 Rule13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

95 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 

101: 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Exhibits that are filed or furnished herewith. 

+ Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 96 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BROADMARK REALTY CAPITAL INC. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey B. Pyatt 

Name: 
 Jeffrey B. Pyatt 

Title: 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jeffrey B. Pyatt 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Jeffrey B. Pyatt 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jonathan R. Hermes 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Jonathan R. Hermes 
 
 Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Stephen G. Haggerty 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Stephen G. Haggerty 

/s/ Daniel J. Hirsch 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Daniel J. Hirsch 

/s/ David A. Karp 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

David A. Karp 

/s/ Norma J. Lawrence 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Norma J. Lawrence 

/s/ Kevin M. Luebbers 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Kevin M. Luebbers 

/s/ Pinkie D. Mayfield 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Pinkie D. Mayfield 

97 

<EX-4>
 2
 brmk-ex4_6.htm
 EX-4.6

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.6 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. Company, we, us and our has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (1) our common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), and (2) warrants scheduled to expire on November 14, 2024 Warrants ). 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 The following description of the material terms of our Common Stock is qualified by reference to the provisions of our charter (the Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. 
 
 General 
 
 We have authorized for issuance a total of 600,000,000 shares of stock, consisting of 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. Our Charter authorizes our Board of Directors (the Board ), with the approval of a majority of the entire Board and without any action by our stockholders, to amend our Charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of authorized shares of stock of any class or series. Under Maryland law, stockholders generally are not liable for a corporation s debts or obligations. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Subject to the preferential rights, if any, of holders of any other class or series of stock (including preferred stock) and to the provisions of our Charter regarding restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, holders of our Common Stock have the right to receive ratably any distributions from funds legally available therefor, when, as and if authorized by our Board and declared by us, and are entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to the holders of Common Stock in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up of affairs. 
 
 There generally are no redemption, sinking fund, conversion, preemptive or appraisal rights with respect to the Common Stock. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of our Charter regarding restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock and except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of stock, each outstanding share of Common Stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including the election of directors and, except as may be provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of such shares will possess the exclusive voting power. 

Power to Reclassify and Issue Stock 
 
 Our Board may classify any unissued shares of preferred stock, and reclassify any unissued shares of Common Stock or any previously classified but unissued shares of any preferred stock into other classes or series of stock, including one or more classes or series of stock that have priority over Common Stock with respect to voting rights or distributions or upon liquidation, and authorize us to issue the newly classified shares. Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series, our Board is required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL and our Charter to set, subject to the provisions of our Charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each such class or series. These actions can be taken without stockholder approval, unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law, the terms of any other class or series of our stock, or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our stock may be then listed or quoted. 

Power to Increase or Decrease Authorized Stock and Issue Additional Shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock 
 
 The power of our Board to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of stock and to classify or reclassify unissued shares of Common Stock or our preferred stock and thereafter to cause us to issue such shares of stock will provide us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs which might arise. The additional classes or series, as well as the additional shares of stock, will be available for future issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action is required by applicable law, the terms of any other class or series of stock or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. Our Board could authorize us to issue a class or series of stock that could, depending upon the terms of the particular class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of us that might involve a premium price for shares of Common Stock owned by our stockholders or otherwise be in their best interests. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), our shares of Common Stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made) or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50 of the value of the outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). Our Charter contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our stock that are intended to assist us in complying with these requirements and qualifying as a REIT, among other reasons. The relevant sections of our Charter provide that, subject to the exceptions described below, no person or entity may actually or beneficially own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the applicable constructive ownership provisions of the Code, more than 9.8 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock, excluding any shares of stock that are not treated as outstanding for federal income tax purposes. This restriction is referred to herein as the ownership limit. A person or entity that would have acquired actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of our stock but for the application of the ownership limit or any of the other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock discussed below is referred to as a prohibited owner. 
 
 The constructive ownership rules under the Code are complex and may cause stock owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals and/or entities to be owned constructively by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 of any class or series of our capital stock (or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns, actually or constructively, any class or series of our capital stock) by an individual or entity could, nevertheless, cause that individual or entity, or another individual or entity, to own constructively in excess of 9.8 (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series of our capital stock and thereby violate the ownership limit. 

Our Charter provides that our Board, subject to certain limits, upon receipt of a request that complies with the requirements of our Charter and any policy adopted by our Board, may retroactively or prospectively exempt a person from the ownership limit and establish a different limit on ownership for such person. 
 
 As a condition of the exception, our Board may require (i) such representations and/or undertakings as it may deem necessary or prudent; and (ii) an opinion of counsel or IRS ruling, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to it, in order to protect, determine or ensure our status as a REIT. Notwithstanding the receipt of any ruling or opinion, our Board may impose such conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate in connection with such an exception. 
 
 Our Board may increase or decrease the ownership limit of any class or series of our capital stock for one or more persons, except that a decreased ownership limit will not be effective for any person whose actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of our stock exceeds the decreased ownership limit at the time of the decrease until the person s actual, beneficial or constructive ownership of the applicable class or series of our capital stock equals or falls below the decreased ownership limit, although any further acquisition of such class or series of our capital stock (other than by a previously exempted person) will violate the decreased ownership limit. Our Board may not increase or decrease the ownership limit if the new ownership limit would allow five or fewer persons to actually or beneficially own in the aggregate more than 49.9 in value of our outstanding stock or could cause us to be closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 The Charter further prohibits any person from: 

beneficially or constructively owning shares of our capital stock to the extent that such beneficial or constructive ownership would result in us being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of the taxable year); 

transferring shares of our capital stock to the extent that such transfer would result in shares of our capital stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code); or 

beneficially or constructively owning or transferring shares of our capital stock if such beneficial or constructive ownership or transfer would otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT under the Code. 

Any attempted transfer of shares of our capital stock or other event which, if effective, would violate any of the restrictions described above will result in the number of shares of our capital stock causing the violation (rounded up to the nearest whole share) to be automatically transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries, except that any transfer that results in the violation of the restriction relating to shares of our capital stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons will be void ab initio . In either case, the prohibited owner will not acquire any rights in those shares. The automatic transfer will be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the purported transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the trust. Shares held in the trust will be issued and outstanding shares. The prohibited owner will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends or other distributions and will have no rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares held in the trust. These rights will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to our discovery that shares have been transferred to the trust will be paid by the recipient to the trustee upon demand. Any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. Any dividend or other distribution paid to the trustee will be held in trust for the charitable beneficiary. Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date the shares are transferred to the trust, the trustee will have the authority (at the trustee s sole and absolute discretion) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by the prohibited owner prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and (ii) to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. 

Within 20 days of receiving notice from us that shares of our stock have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will sell the shares to a person, designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the above ownership limitations. Upon the sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the prohibited owner and to the charitable beneficiary as follows. The prohibited owner will receive the lesser of (i) the price paid by the prohibited owner for the shares or, if the prohibited owner did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the trust e.g., a gift, devise or other similar transaction), the market price (as defined in the Charter) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust and (ii) the price per share received by the trustee (net of any commission and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the prohibited owner by the amount of dividends or other distributions paid to the prohibited owner and owed by the prohibited owner to the trustee. Any net sale proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the prohibited owner will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If, prior to our discovery that shares of our stock have been transferred to the trustee, the shares are sold by the prohibited owner, then (i) the shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and (ii) to the extent that the prohibited owner received an amount for the shares that exceeds the amount he, she or it was entitled to receive, the excess shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 
 In addition, shares of our stock held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market price at the time of the devise or gift) and (ii) the market price on the date we, or our designee, accepts the offer, which we may reduce by the amount of dividends and distributions paid to the prohibited owner and owed by the prohibited owner to the trustee. We may pay the amount of such reduction to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. We will have the right to accept the offer until the trustee has sold the shares. Upon a sale to us or our designee, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the prohibited owner. 
 
 If a transfer to a charitable trust, as described above, would be ineffective for any reason to prevent a violation of the ownership and transfer restrictions, the transfer that would have resulted in a violation will be void ab initio , and the prohibited owner shall acquire no rights in those shares. 
 
 Any certificate representing shares of our capital stock, and any notices delivered in lieu of certificates with respect to the issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares, will (i) bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above or (ii) state that we will furnish a full statement about the above restrictions on ownership and transfer to a stockholder on request and without charge. 
 
 Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our capital stock that will or may violate any of the foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership, or any person who would have owned shares of our capital stock that resulted in a transfer of shares to a charitable trust, is required to give written notice immediately to us or, in the case of a proposed or attempted transaction, to give at least 15 days prior written notice, and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the transfer on our status as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our Board determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. 
 
 Every beneficial owner of 5 or more (or any lower percentage as required by the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) of the outstanding shares of our capital stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, is required to give us written notice stating his, her or its name and address, the number of shares of each class and series of shares of our capital stock that he, she or it beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each of these owners must provide us with additional information that we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of his, her or its beneficial ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limit. In addition, each stockholder (including the stockholder of record) will, upon demand, be required to provide us with information we may request in order to determine our status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine our compliance. 

These ownership limitations could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of us that might involve a premium price for shares of Common Stock owned by our stockholders or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 The transfer agent for the Common Stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 The Warrants registered under Section 12 are each exercisable for one fourth (1/4th) share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 2.875 per one fourth (1/4th) share, with the exercise of a Warrant for less than a full share not permissible, subject to adjustment as discussed below. 
 
 The Warrants will expire November 14, 2024, which is the date five years after the completion of our initial business combination (the Business Combination ), at 5:00 pm., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 We may call the Warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per Warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each Warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. 

If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 
 If we issue a notice of redemption of the Warrants, each Warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. 
 
 If we call the Warrants for redemption as described above, we will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its Warrant to do so on a cashless basis. If we take advantage of this option, all holders of Warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Common Stock to be received upon exercise of the Warrants, including the fair market value in such case. If we require cashless exercise in this manner, we will not receive cash proceeds in connection with the Warrant exercises; however, the number of shares to be issued upon exercise of the Warrants would be reduced and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a Warrant redemption. 
 
 A holder of a Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the Warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, or by a split-up of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of Common Stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, in determining the price payable for Common Stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Common Stock on account of such shares of Common Stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described in the preceding paragraph, (b) regular monthly, quarterly or other periodic cash dividends or cash distributions, or (c) any other cash dividend or distribution required to be paid in order for us to qualify or maintain our status as a REIT within the meaning of the Code, or otherwise avoid the imposition of U.S. federal and state income and excise taxes, so long as we qualify or are seeking to maintain our status as a REIT at the time of such cash dividend or distribution, then the Warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Common Stock in respect of such event. 
 
 If the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the Warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the Warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of ours as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we dissolved, the holders of the Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their Warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Common Stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Common Stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the Warrant properly exercises the Warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the Warrant exercise price will be 
 
 reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the Warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the Warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the Warrants pursuant to which the holders of the Warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the Warrants. 
 
 The Warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and us, which was amended in connection with the completion of the Business Combination by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment to the warrant agreement among Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as successor Warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, the First Amendment and the Second Amendment, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the Warrants. 
 
 Except as the context may otherwise require, references to the warrant agreement herein refer to the warrant agreement, as amended. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Warrants. 
 
 The Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the Warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the Warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the Warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of Warrants being exercised. The Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Warrants and receive shares of Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 
 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrant holder. 
 
 Certain Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Although the following summary describes certain provisions of Maryland law and the material provisions of our Charter and our Bylaws, it is not a complete description of our Charter and Bylaws. You should review copies of these documents, which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. 
 
 Our Board of Directors 
 
 Our Charter and Bylaws provide that our number of directors may be established, increased or decreased only by our Board, but may not be less than the minimum number required under the MGCL, which is one, or, unless the bylaws are amended, more than fifteen. We have elected by a provision in our Charter to be subject to a provision of Maryland law requiring that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock, any vacancy may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the full term of the directorship in which such vacancy occurred and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 
 Each member of our Board is elected by our stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. Holders of shares of Common Stock will have no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors, and directors will be elected by a majority of the votes cast for each nominee for director (except in contested elections, in which case a plurality of the votes cast will be required for election). Consequently, at each annual meeting of stockholders, the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock will be able to elect all of the directors. 

Removal of Directors 
 
 Our Charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock to elect or remove one or more directors, a director may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause (as defined in the Charter), and then only by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. This provision, when coupled with the exclusive power of our Board to fill vacant directorships, may preclude stockholders from removing incumbent directors except for cause and by a substantial affirmative vote and from filling the vacancies created by such removal with their own nominees. 
 
 Resignation Policy for Directors 
 
 Each nominee for director shall be elected by a majority of the votes cast. A majority of the votes cast means the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes cast for and against such nominee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a nominee for director shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. Our Board has adopted a policy regarding the election of directors in uncontested elections. Pursuant to such policy, in an uncontested election of directors, any nominee who receives a greater number of votes against his or her election than votes for his or her election will, within two weeks following certification of the stockholder vote by us, submit a written resignation offer to our Board. Our Board will consider the resignation offer and, within 60 days following certification by us of the stockholder vote with respect to such election, will make a recommendation to our Board concerning the acceptance or rejection of the resignation offer. Our Board will take formal action on the recommendation no later than 90 days following certification of the stockholder vote by us. We will publicly disclose, in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC, the decision of our Board. Our Board will also provide an explanation of the process by which its decision has been made and, if applicable, its reason or reasons for rejecting the tendered resignation. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Under the MGCL, certain business combinations (including a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder i.e. , any person (other than the corporation or any subsidiary) who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock after the date on which the corporation had 100 or more beneficial owners of its stock, or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation after the date on which the corporation had 100 or more beneficial owners of its stock) or an affiliate of an interested stockholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Thereafter, any such business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of such corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least (1) 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and (2) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder, unless, among other conditions, the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. The board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions it determines. 
 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder. As permitted by the MGCL, our Board has adopted a resolution exempting any business combination between us and any other person from the provisions of this statute, provided that the business combination is first approved by a majority of our directors (including a majority of directors who are not affiliates or associates of such persons). However, our Board may repeal or modify this resolution at any time in the future, in which case the applicable provisions of this statute will become applicable to business combinations between us and interested stockholders. 

Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 The MGCL provides that holders of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, excluding votes cast by (1) the person who makes or proposes to make a control share acquisition, (2) an officer of the corporation or (3) an employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock previously acquired by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: (1) one-tenth or more but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more but less than a majority or (3) a majority or more of all voting power. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses), may compel the board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 
 If voting rights of control shares are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or, if a meeting of stockholders is held at which the voting rights of such shares is considered and not approved, as of the date of such meeting. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply to, among other things, (1) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (2) acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or the bylaws of the corporation. 
 
 Our Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any acquisition by any person of shares of our capital stock. There can be no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future by our Board. 
 
 Subtitle 8 
 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL Subtitle 8 permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in such corporation s charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors, without stockholder approval, and notwithstanding any contrary provision in such corporation s charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions of the MGCL which provide, respectively, that: 

the corporation s board of directors will be divided into three classes; 

the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors generally is required to remove a director; 

the number of directors may be fixed only by vote of the directors; 

a vacancy on the board of directors may be filled only by the remaining directors and that directors elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; and 

the request of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting is required for the calling of a special meeting of stockholders. 

We have elected in our Charter to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 providing that vacancies on our Board may be filled only by the remaining directors, even if such remaining directors do not constitute a quorum. We have not elected to be subject to any of the other provisions of Subtitle 8, including the provisions that would permit us to classify our Board without stockholder approval. Moreover, our Charter provides that we may not elect to classify our Board through the provisions of Subtitle 8 without the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter by our stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. In addition, without having elected to be subject to Subtitle 8, our Charter and Bylaws already (1) require the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors to remove a director from our Board, (2) vest in our Board the exclusive power to fix the number of directors and (3) require, unless called by the Chairman of our Board, the President, the Chief Executive Officer or our Board, the request of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting to call a special meeting of stockholders. Our Board is not currently classified. 
 
 Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, an annual meeting of our stockholders for the purpose of the election of directors and the transaction of any business as may properly be brought before the meeting will be held on a date and at the time and place set by our Board. Each of the directors is elected by our stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies under Maryland law. In addition, the Chairman of our Board, the President, the Chief Executive Officer or our Board may call a special meeting of our stockholders. Subject to the provisions of the Bylaws, a special meeting of our stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be considered by them will also be called by our Secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting on such matter, accompanied by the information required by our Bylaws. Our Secretary will inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including any proxy materials), and the requesting stockholder(s) must pay such estimated cost before our Secretary may prepare and mail the notice of the special meeting. 
 
 Amendments to the Charter and the Bylaws 
 
 Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally cannot amend its charter unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation s charter. Except for certain provisions related to the removal of directors and the vote required to amend those provisions (which must be declared advisable by our Board and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter), our Charter generally may be amended only if the amendment is declared advisable by our Board and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our Board, with the approval of a majority of our entire Board, and without any action by the stockholders, may also amend our Charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series we are authorized to issue. Our Board may also amend the Charter to change our name or make certain other ministerial changes without stockholder approval. 
 	 
 Our Board has the power to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of our Bylaws and to make new bylaws. Our stockholders may also adopt, amend or repeal any provision of our Bylaws and to make new bylaws by the vote or written consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote; provided, however, that any provision of the Bylaws requiring a vote of greater than a majority may be amended, repealed or modified only by a vote satisfying such higher voting requirements. 
 
 Extraordinary Transactions 

Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, merge, convert, transfer all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a statutory share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless declared advisable by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation s charter. As permitted by the MGCL, our Charter provides that any of these actions may be approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 No Appraisal Rights 
 
 Our Charter provides that our stockholders generally will not be entitled to exercise statutory appraisal rights. 
 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that, with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to our Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders at an annual meeting of stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to a notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our Board or (3) by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record at the record date for the meeting, at the time of giving of notice and at the time of the meeting (or any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting on the election of each individual so nominated or such other business and who has complied with the advance notice procedures set forth in our Bylaws, including a requirement to provide certain information about the stockholder and its affiliates and the nominee or business proposal, as applicable. To be timely, such notice shall be delivered to our Secretary at our principal executive office not earlier than the 150th day nor later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting. 
 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in the notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to our Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (1) by or at the direction of our Board or (2) provided that the special meeting has been properly called by our Board or a duly authorized officer in accordance with the Bylaws for the purpose of electing directors, by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record at the record date for the meeting, at the time of giving of notice and at the time of the meeting (or any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting on the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in our Bylaws, including a requirement to provide certain information about the stockholder and its affiliates and the nominee. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Our Charter and Bylaws and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change in control of us or other transaction that might involve a premium price for holders of shares of Common Stock owned by our stockholders or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders, including: 

supermajority vote and cause requirements for removal of directors; 

the requirement that stockholders holding at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock must act together to make a written request before our stockholders can require us to call a special meeting of stockholders; 

provisions that vacancies on our Board may be filled only by the remaining directors for the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred; 

the power of our Board, without stockholder approval, to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of shares of any class or series of stock; 

the exclusive power of our Board to amend our Bylaws; 

the power of our Board to cause us to issue additional shares of stock of any class or series and to fix the terms of one or more classes or series of stock without stockholder approval; 

the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our capital stock; and 

advance notice requirements for director nominations and stockholder proposals. 

Likewise, if the resolution opting out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL is repealed, or the business combination is not approved by our Board, or the provision in our Bylaws opting out of the control share acquisition provisions of the MGCL were rescinded, these provisions of the MGCL could have similar anti-takeover effects. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the MGCL, (b) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (other than actions arising under federal securities laws), (c) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders, (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our Charter or our Bylaws or (e) any other action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This provision does not cover claims made by stockholders pursuant to the securities laws of the United States, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision eliminating the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from (1) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (2) active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. Our Charter contains a provision that eliminates such liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 
 The MGCL requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our Charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The MGCL permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to or in which they may be made, or threatened to be made, a party or witness by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that: 

the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith or (2) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; 

the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or 

in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 

However, under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. Nevertheless, a court may order indemnification in either case if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, but only for expenses. In addition, the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon its receipt of: 

a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation; and 

a written undertaking by the director or officer or on the director s or officer s behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the director or officer did not meet the standard of conduct. 

Our Charter obligates us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of such a proceeding to: 

any of our present or former director or officer who is made, or threatened to be made, a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity; or 

any individual who, while our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served as a director, officer, trustee, member, manager or partner of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made, or threatened to be made, a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. 

Our Charter also permits us, with the approval of our Board, to indemnify and advance expenses to any individual who served as our predecessor in any of the capacities described above and to any employee or agent of ours or any of our predecessors. 
 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that provide for indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 
 REIT Qualification 
 
 Our Charter provides that our Board may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 brmk-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.2 
 
 November 7, 2022 
 Jeffrey B. Pyatt 
 Dear Jeff: 
 We are pleased that you have agreed to serve as the Interim Chief Executive Officer of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. (the Company ), in addition to your continuing service as the Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company. This letter sets forth the key terms and conditions for service as Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company Interim CEO and amends the provisions of the February 2, 2022 Letter Agreement between you and the Company (the Letter Agreement ). 
 1. Employment . Effective as of the close of business on November 7, 2022 (the Effective Date you shall serve as Interim CEO, and have the duties, responsibilities and authority of the Chief Executive Officer under the Company s Bylaws, until either you or the Board provides written notice of your termination from such position (the Employment Period ). You shall report to the Board and shall work on a full-time basis for the Company and shall devote substantially all of your business time, attention, skills and energies to the business and affairs of the Company. During the Employment Period, you shall not engage in any business activity which, in the reasonable judgment of the Board, conflicts with your duties hereunder, whether or not such activity is pursued for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage. You agree that you shall promptly report any potential conflict in writing to the Board, affirmatively disclosing any outside business opportunity that presents even the appearance of a conflict. The primary place of your employment will be in the Company s home offices in the Seattle, Washington area, subject to the Company s policies regarding working from a remote location and subject to reasonable business travel requirements. 
 2. Base Salary and Benefits . During the Employment Period, your base salary shall be 325,000 per annum Base Salary ), which shall be payable in regular installments in accordance with the Company s general payroll practices. Annual compensation review and increases, if any, will be subject to approval by the Board. During the Employment Period, you will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with Company policy and you will be eligible to participate in such health care, insurance, retirement, and other employee benefit plans as are generally made available by the Company to its employees, subject to the terms of said plan or plans. The terms of such plans are subject to change or termination at any time, with or without notice, at the discretion of the Company. 
 3. Amendment of Letter Agreement . During the Employment Period, the Base Salary shall satisfy the cash retainer payable under Section 2 of the Letter Agreement, and you will not be eligible for any additional cash retainers payable to outside directors of the Company. Following the Employment Period, the cash retainer payments under Section 2 of the Letter Agreement shall resume. 
 
 4. Equity Awards . Promptly following the Effective Date, the Company shall grant you restricted stock units RSUs with respect to Company common stock with a value of 325,000 as of the grant date (determined by dividing 325,000 by the closing price per share of Company common stock on the date of grant). The RSUs shall vest fully upon one year of service, subject to your continued employment or continued service on the Board through the vesting date. The RSUs shall be subject to the terms of the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and the standard form of RSU agreement thereunder. The foregoing grant shall be in lieu of any equity awards granted to outside directors during the Employment Period pursuant to the Company s outside director compensation program, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time. In addition, any RSUs or performance-based RSUs that you currently hold will continue to vest in accordance with their terms, subject to your continued service on the Board. 
 5. Expenses . The Company shall reimburse you for all reasonable expenses incurred by you in the course of performing your duties under this letter which are consistent with the Company s policies in effect from time to time with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses, subject to the Company s requirements with respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses. 
 6. Entire Agreement; Governing Law . This letter supersedes and replaces any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral, implied or otherwise) between you and the Company, including Sections 1-4 of that certain Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement ), dated as of August 9, 2019, by and between you and the Company (f/k/a Trinity Sub, Inc.), and constitutes the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding your appointment to the position of Interim CEO. For the avoidance of doubt, Sections 5-12 of the Employment Agreement continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. This letter may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement of the parties. This letter shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the law of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to principles regarding conflict of laws. 
 7. Counterparts . This letter may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 8. Headings . Headings in this letter are for reference only and shall not be deemed to have any substantive effect. 
 [Signature page follows] 

Thank you for your continued service to the Company. Please confirm your agreement to the terms specified in this letter by signing below. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Stephen G. Haggerty 

Name: Stephen G. Haggerty 

For the Board of Directors 

AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED: 

/s/ Jeffrey B. Pyatt 

Jeffrey B. Pyatt 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 brmk-ex10_3.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.3 
 
 November 7, 2022 
 Kevin Luebbers 
 Dear Kevin: 
 We are pleased that you have agreed to serve as the Interim President of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. (the Company ), in addition to your continuing service on the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company. This letter sets forth the key terms and conditions for service as Interim President Interim President ). 
 1. Employment . Effective as of the close of business on November 7, 2022 (the Effective Date you shall serve as Interim President, and have the duties, responsibilities and authority of the President under the Company s Bylaws, until either you or the Board provides written notice of your termination from such position (the Employment Period ). You shall report to the Board and shall work on a full-time basis for the Company and shall devote substantially all of your business time, attention, skills and energies to the business and affairs of the Company. During the Employment Period, you shall not engage in any business activity which, in the reasonable judgment of the Board, conflicts with your duties hereunder, whether or not such activity is pursued for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage. You agree that you shall promptly report any potential conflict in writing to the Board, affirmatively disclosing any outside business opportunity that presents even the appearance of a conflict. The primary place of your employment will be in the Company s home offices in the Seattle, Washington area, subject to the Company s policies regarding working from a remote location and subject to reasonable business travel requirements. 
 2. Base Salary and Benefits . During the Employment Period, your base salary shall be 325,000 per annum Base Salary ), which shall be payable in regular installments in accordance with the Company s general payroll practices. Annual compensation review and increases, if any, will be subject to approval by the Board. During the Employment Period, any cash retainer payable to outside directors of the Company shall be suspended. During the Employment Period, you will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with Company policy and you will be eligible to participate in such health care, insurance, retirement, and other employee benefit plans as are generally made available by the Company to its employees, subject to the terms of said plan or plans. The terms of such plans are subject to change or termination at any time, with or without notice, at the discretion of the Company. 
 3. Equity Awards . Promptly following the Effective Date, the Company shall grant you restricted stock units RSUs with respect to Company common stock with a value of 325,000 as of the grant date (determined by dividing 325,000 by the closing price per share of Company common stock on the date of grant). The RSUs shall vest fully upon one year of service, subject to your continued employment or continued service on the Board through the vesting date. The RSUs shall be subject to the terms of the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and the standard form of RSU agreement thereunder. The foregoing grant shall be in lieu of any equity awards granted to outside directors during the Employment Period pursuant to the Company s outside director compensation program, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time. In addition, any RSUs or performance-based RSUs that you currently hold will continue to vest in accordance with their terms, subject to your continued service on the Board. 
 
 4. Expenses . The Company shall reimburse you for all reasonable expenses incurred by you in the course of performing your duties under this letter which are consistent with the Company s policies in effect from time to time with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses, subject to the Company s requirements with respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses. 
 5. Entire Agreement; Governing Law . This letter supersedes and replaces any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral, implied or otherwise) between you and the Company and constitutes the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding your appointment to the position of Interim President. This letter may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement of the parties. This letter shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the law of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to principles regarding conflict of laws. 
 6. Counterparts . This letter may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 7. Headings . Headings in this letter are for reference only and shall not be deemed to have any substantive effect. 
 [Signature page follows] 

Thank you for your continued service to the Company. Please confirm your agreement to the terms specified in this letter by signing below. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Stephen G. Haggerty 

Name: Stephen G. Haggerty 

For the Board of Directors 

AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED: 

/s/ Kevin Luebbers 

Kevin Luebbers 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 brmk-ex10_4.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.4 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of November 7, 2022, is entered into by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and Jonathan Hermes, an individual Employee ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. 	The Company desires to employ Employee, and Employee desires to be employed by the Company, as of December 1, 2022 (the Effective Date on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; 
 B .	Employee shall have access to valuable confidential and proprietary information used in the business of the Company, including financial data, customer data, operational data, trade secrets and other intellectual property that if disclosed to or used by competitors or potential competitors would cause irreparable harm to the Company, and as a result, Employee and the Company desire to provide the Company with adequate protection from the unauthorized disclosure or use of the Company s confidential and proprietary information; and 
 C. 	Effective as of the Effective Date, Employee wishes to accept employment with the Company upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 AGREEMENT 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. Employment. The Company shall employ Employee, and Employee accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Employee s term of employment hereunder shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until December 31, 2025 (the Expiration Date ); provided, however, that the Company or Employee may terminate this Agreement, the term of Employee s employment under this Agreement and Employee s employment at any time as provided in Section 4 hereof. The term of Employee s employment hereunder is referred to as the Employment Period . If the Employment Period ends because the term of this Agreement expires at the Expiration Date, such expiration shall not automatically result in Employee s termination of employment and Employee shall thereupon remain employed by the Company without an employment agreement unless his employment is otherwise terminated. The primary place of Employee s employment will be in the Company s home offices in the Seattle, Washington area, subject to the Company s policies regarding working from a remote location and subject to reasonable business travel requirements. 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 2. Position and Duties. 

(a) During the Employment Period, Employee shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and shall have the duties, responsibilities and authority of the Chief Financial Officer under the Company s Bylaws. Employee acknowledges and agrees he shall perform his duties and responsibilities faithfully and to the best of his abilities in a businesslike manner. 

(b) Employee shall report to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), shall work on a full-time basis for the Company and shall devote substantially all of his business time, attention, skills and energies to the business and affairs of the Company. During the Employment Period, Employee shall not engage in any business activity which, in the reasonable judgment of the Board, conflicts with the duties of Employee hereunder, whether or not such activity is pursued for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage. Employee agrees that he shall promptly report any potential conflict in writing to the Board, affirmatively disclosing any outside business opportunity that presents even the appearance of a conflict. 

3. Base Salary and Benefits. 

(a) Base Salary . During the Employment Period, Employee s base salary shall be 375,000 per annum (the Base Salary ), which shall be payable in regular installments in accordance with the Company s general payroll practices. Annual compensation review and increases, if any, will be subject to approval by the Board. However, the Base Salary may not be decreased during the Employment Period other than as part of an across-the-board salary reduction for executive officers of the Company. 

(b) Annual Bonus . At the conclusion of each fiscal year (commencing with the 2023 fiscal year) during the Employment Period, in addition to the Base Salary, Employee may be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus (the Annual Bonus in an amount to be established by the Board or the Compensation Committee. The amount of the Annual Bonus will be based on achievement of certain annual performance targets and other objectives established by the Board or the Compensation Committee, and the target Annual Bonus, assuming that all performance goals are satisfied at the target level of performance, shall be equal to annual Base Salary for the performance year (which target amount shall be subject to the annual compensation review and increase (but not decrease) by the Board or the Compensation Committee). Any Annual Bonus will be paid promptly following the completion of the annual audit for the calendar year to which it relates, and in all events no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the calendar year to which it relates. 

(c) Vacation . During the Employment Period, Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with Company policy. 

Page 2 of NUMPAGES 18 

(d) Expenses . The Company shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable expenses incurred by him in the course of performing his duties under this Agreement which are consistent with the Company s policies in effect from time to time with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses Business Expenses ), subject to the Company s requirements with respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses. 

(e) Benefits . Employee will be eligible to participate in such health care, insurance, retirement, and other employee benefit plans as are generally made available by the Company to its employees, subject to the terms of said plan or plans. The terms of such plans are subject to change or termination at any time, with or without notice, at the discretion of the Company. 

(f) Clawback . All incentive compensation (including without limitation, any Annual Bonuses or other performance-based compensation) paid or payable to Employee, whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, shall be subject to any clawback, recoupment, or compensation recovery policy adopted by the Board or the Compensation Committee, regardless of whether the policy is adopted after the compensation is paid or payable. 

(g) Signing Bonus . Employee shall be paid a one-time cash signing bonus of 100,000 within thirty (30) days following the Effective Date, subject to Employee s continued employment hereunder through the payment date. If Employee resigns his employment other than for Good Reason or his employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, in either case within one year following the Effective Date, Employee shall promptly repay an amount equal to the product of 100,000 and a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 365 minus the number of days Employee is employed hereunder following the Effective Date, and (ii) the denominator of which is 365. 

(h) Equity Grant . As of the Effective Date, the Company shall grant Employee restricted stock units RSUs with respect to Company common stock with a value of 375,000 as of the grant date (with the number of RSUs determined by dividing 375,000 by the closing price per share of Company common stock on the date of grant). The RSUs shall vest ratably over three years, one-third per year of service, subject to Employee s continued service through the applicable vesting date. The RSUs shall be subject to the terms of the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and the standard form of RSU agreement thereunder. During the Employment Period, Employee will be eligible for future grants of Company equity awards to the extent available pursuant to the Plan, as the Board or the Compensation Committee may approve from time to time, but as of the Effective Date, such grants are anticipated to occur annually and to be generally consistent with the nature and terms (other than amounts) of grants for other executive officers of the Company at the time of such grants, other than for new hires. 

Page 3 of NUMPAGES 18 

4. Termination. The Employment Period shall terminate as follows: 

(a) Termination by Employee without Good Reason . In the event that Employee terminates his employment for any reason other than for Good Reason, Employee must provide the Company with written notice of such resignation. Employee will use his best efforts to provide the Company with such written notice at least sixty (60) days in advance of the effective date of the termination. In the event that at least sixty (60) days advance written notice is not provided, Employee agrees to be available as a resource to the Company for the transition of his responsibilities for a number of days equal to sixty (60) minus the number of days written notice provided. 

(b) Termination by Employee for Good Reason . Employee may terminate his employment hereunder for Good Reason. Good Reason means (i) a material and sustained diminution in Employee s duties under this Agreement or a reduction of Employee s title, (ii) a material breach by the Company of this Agreement, (iii) relocation of Employee s principal place of employment to a location that is more than fifty (50) miles from Employee s place of employment as of the Effective Date, without Employee s consent, (iv) a reduction in the Base Salary, unless such reduction is part of a temporary, across the board reduction for senior executive officers of the Company that does not last more than twelve (12) months, or (v) a material reduction in the Employee s target Annual Bonus; provided that any such action shall not constitute Good Reason unless (A) Employee provides written notice to the Company of any such action within thirty (30) days of the date on which such action first occurs and provides the Company with thirty (30) days to remedy such action (the Cure Period ), (B) the Company fails to remedy such action within the Cure Period, and (C) Employee resigns within thirty (30) days of the expiration of the Cure Period. If the Employment Period expires because the Expiration Date has been reached while Employee remains employed, neither that nor any subsequent resignation of Employee s employment with the Company shall be considered a termination for Good Reason. 

(c) Termination by the Company . 

(i) Termination by the Company for Cause . The Company may terminate Employee s employment for Cause Termination for Cause ). Cause shall mean any of the following: 

(1) Any act of fraud, embezzlement, theft, intentional dishonesty, misrepresentation or breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the Company or its subsidiaries; 

(2) Employee s gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of his duties to the Company; 

(3) Failure or refusal to follow any reasonable directive of the Board or the officer to whom Employee reports, and if such failure and refusal is curable, if such failure or refusal is not cured within fifteen (15) days after the Company s written notice to Employee of such failure or refusal; 

Page 4 of NUMPAGES 18 

(4) Employee s (1) breach of Sections 6, 7 or 8 of this Agree ment; (2) breach of any material written policy of the Company which if curable, is not cured within fifteen (15) days after the Company s written notice of such breach; or (3) material breach of this Agreement, which if curable, is not cured within fifteen (15) days after the Company s written notice of such breach; or 

(5) Employee s conviction of, indictment for, or entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest or nolo contendere with respect to any felony or any crime involving an act of moral turpitude. 

The Company may terminate this Agreement pursuant to a Termination for Cause at any time immediately upon notice to Employee. 
 (ii) Termination by the Company without Cause . The Company may terminate Employee s employment without Cause (i.e., for any reason other than those described in Sections 4(c)(i) and 4(d) Termination without Cause at any time upon written notice to Employee. If the Employment Period expires because the Expiration Date has been reached while Employee remains employed, neither that nor any subsequent termination of Employee s employment by the Company shall be considered a Termination without Cause. 

(d) Death and Disability . Employee s employment shall terminate immedi ately upon Employee s death and the Company may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Employee if, by virtue of a physical or mental condition, Employee is unable to perform the essential functions of his work under this Agreement, with or without reasonable accommodation, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days in any three hundred and sixty-five (365) day period Disability ). Any question as to the existence of the Employee s Disability as to which the Employee and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician selected by the Company and reasonable acceptable to the Employee. If the Employee and the Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company and the Employee shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement. 

Page 5 of NUMPAGES 18 

(e) Obligations upon Termination . 

(i) In the event of a resignation by Employee without Good Reason, as described in Section 4(a), all of the parties respective rights and obligations hereunder shall immediately terminate upon the expiration of the notice period required under Section 4(a) or upon notice by the Company waiving such notice, except that (A) Employee s obligations and the Company s rights under Sections 5 through 12 of this Agreement shall survive such termination and (B) the Company shall pay to Employee only the Base Salary and, in accordance with Company policy, together with any unreimbursed Business Expenses as of the date of termination (collectively, the Accrued Benefits ). 

(ii) In the event of a Termination for Cause, as described in Section 4(c)(i), all of the parties respective rights and obligations hereunder shall terminate upon the effective date of such termination, except that (A) Employee s obligations and the Company s rights under Sections 5 through 12 of this Agreement shall survive such termination and (B) the Company shall pay to Employee only the Accrued Benefits. 

Page 6 of NUMPAGES 18 

(iii) In the event of a Termination without Cause, as described in Section 4(c)(ii), or Employee s resignation for Good Reason pursuant to Section 4(b), all of the parties respective rights and obligations hereunder shall terminate upon the effective date of such termination pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) or Section 4(b) as the case may be, except that (A) Employee s obligations and the Company s rights under Sections 5 through 12 of this Agreement shall survive such termination; (B) the Company shall pay Employee the Accrued Benefits; (C) the Company shall pay Employee, as severance, an amount equal to twelve (12) months of Employee s then-current Base Salary payable in regular installments in accordance with the Company s general payroll practices; and (D) the Company shall provide a cash payment in the amount equal to the premium for COBRA benefits under the Company s group health plan for twelve (12) months, which the Employee may at Employee s option, use to procure continuing benefits, payable in monthly installments on the first pay date for each month (the payments under Clauses (C) and (D) are collectively referred to as the Severance Payment ). The payment of the Severance Payment under this Section 4(e)(iii) shall be conditioned upon Employee providing an effective execution of a full release of claims against the Company in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company. The Company shall specify a period, not to exceed forty-five (45) days following termination, during which Employee may review, consider and return such release and may specify a period of up to seven days within which Employee may revoke the release following execution of the same (the Review and Revocation Period ). The payment of the Severance Payment installments shall commence as of the first payroll period following the release becoming irrevocable and the first payment shall include all installments accrued from the date of termination of employment, provided that if the Review and Revocation Period spans two (2) calendar years, then the Severance Payment installments shall not commence before the first payroll period in the second calendar year and the first payment shall include all installments accrued from the date of termination of employment, regardless of the year in which the release is signed and returned. 

(iv) In the event of Employee s death or Disability, as described in Section 4(d), all of the parties respective rights and obligations hereunder shall immediately terminate upon the effective date of such termination pursuant to Section 4(d), except that (A) Employee s obligations and the Company s rights under Sections 5 through 12 of this Agreement shall survive such termination; (B) the Company shall pay to Employee the Accrued Benefits, and (C) the Company shall provide a payment in the amount equal to the premium for COBRA benefits under the Company s group health plan for twelve (12) months, which the Employee or his estate, if applicable, may use to procure continuing benefits, payable in monthly installments on the first pay date for each month. 

(v) Except as otherwise required by law (e.g., COBRA) or as specifically provided herein, all of Employee s rights to salary, severance, fringe benefits and bonuses hereunder (if any) shall cease upon termination for any reason. 

Page 7 of NUMPAGES 18 

(vi) Upon termination of Employee s employment hereunder for any reason, Employee shall promptly resign from all other positions with the Company and its affiliates. 

5. Acknowledgments. 

(a) Employee acknowledges and agrees that as a result and as part of Employee s employment with the Company, he has received and will receive knowledge and expertise in the Business of the Company that is special and unique. As used in this Agreement, the term Business shall mean the business of (i) originating mortgages, lending money or other financing, in each case, for the purpose of acquiring, developing or otherwise financing real estate and related assets or the operation of a real estate investment fund or such other fund, real estate investment trust or other entity that participates in the foregoing described real estate-related activities within the United States, whether through origination activities or in the secondary market (including, without limitation, through the acquisition of real estate related loans or interests therein) or (ii) Fundraising for, on behalf of, or with respect to persons (within the meaning of Section 7701 of the Internal Revenue Code) Persons engaged in the activities referenced in Clause (i). The Parties agree that a business, venture, entity or company or division of any of the foregoing will be conclusively presumed to be competitive for the purposes of Section 6 of this Agreement if a majority of the annual revenue of the business, venture, entity or company or division of any of the foregoing, measured over either the prior (i) five-year period or any (ii) shorter period of not less than one year (or in the case of a business, venture, entity or company or division of any of the foregoing, such shorter period than one year that it has been conducting business), is derived from the Business, or in case of a new business, venture, entity or company or division of any of the foregoing, a majority of annual revenue of which is reasonably expected to be derived from the Business; provided, however, that will not necessarily be the exclusive basis on which a business, venture, entity or company or division of any of the foregoing may be considered to be competitive for the purposes of Section 6 of this Agreement. 

(b) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Fundraising means any action of a Person to secure third-party equity investments in a commercial business venture or investment fund, including but not limited to direct and indirect solicitation, marketing and distribution of investment material related to such commercial business venture or investment fund. 

(c) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Confidential Information means any confidential or proprietary information of the Company, which is not already or does not become generally available to the public (but not through any breach of confidentiality by Employee), whether contained in documents, electronic media or other forms, including, but not limited to, information about materials, procedures, inventions, processes, manufacturing, expertise, customer lists, potential customer lists, customer data, financial data, vendors, marketing plans, and trade secrets. Confidential Information shall also include personal information of the Company s customers, clients, employees, and vendors Personal Information ). 

(d) For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Territory means any state or country (other than the USA) within which the Company has conducted any aspect of the Business during the then most recent two (2) years of Employee s employment with the Company. 

Page 8 of NUMPAGES 18 

(e) Employee acknowledges and agrees that the restrictive covenants and other continuing obligations in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary and that consideration and compensation provided to Employee pursuant to this Agreement constitute good and sufficient consideration for Employee s agreements and covenants in Sections 6 and 7. 

(f) For purposes of Sections 5 through 8, the term Company includes both the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and any entities managed by the Company or any of it direct or indirect subsidiaries. 

6.	Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation. 
 (a) Employee acknowledges that, in the course of his employment with the Company, he will become familiar with the Company s and its respective predecessors trade secrets and with other Confidential Information concerning the Company and its respective predecessors and that his services have been and will be of special, unique, and extraordinary value to the Company. Employee agrees that, in consideration of his employment as contemplated under this Agreement and all compensation and benefits being provided herein, it is both reasonable and fair as well as necessary for the protection of the Company s confidential information, good will in the marketplace, and other protectable business interests, that he be subject to certain limitations in his activities in the event of this Agreement s termination by either party for any reason. 

(b) Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing, Employee agrees that during his employment by the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination of employment for any reason, he will not (i) engage in, sell, or provide any products or services, within the Territory, which are the same as or similar to or otherwise competitive with the products and services sold or provided by the Company in connection with the Business; (ii) own, acquire, or control any interest, financial or otherwise, in any entity or business engaged within the Territory in selling or providing the same, similar or otherwise competitive services or products which the Company is selling or providing in connection with the Business; or (iii) act or provide services as an officer, consultant or advisor or loan or otherwise provide financing or financial assistance of any kind, to any third party who is or is attempting, directly or indirectly, to engage in any of the activities listed in Clauses (i) or (ii) above, or Section 6(c)(iii); provided that nothing in this Subsection (b) shall prohibit Employee from owning less than five percent (5 of the outstanding shares of any public company as long as Employee has no other role with such company. 

Page 9 of NUMPAGES 18 

(c) In addition, in consideration of the foregoing, Employee agrees that during his employment by the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination of employment for any reason, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, through another person or entity (i) induce, attempt to induce, or solicit any employee of the Company to terminate his employment with the Company, or in any way interfere with the relationship between the Company, on the one hand, and any employee thereof, on the other hand, (ii) employ, hire, induce, attempt to induce, or solicit the employment of any former employee of the Company until six (6) months after such employee s employment relationship with the Company has been terminated, (iii) call on, solicit, service, divert or take away or attempt to call on, solicit, service, divert or take away any current or prospective customer, supplier, contractor, designer, licensee, distributor, developer, service provider or other business relation of the Company with respect to products or services related to the Business or induce any of such parties to cease doing business with the Company, or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such current or prospective customer, supplier, contractor, designer, licensee, distributor, developer, service provider or business relation, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, or (iv) make any statement or do any act to impair, prejudice or destroy the goodwill of the Company, to prejudice or impair the relationship or dealing between the Company and any of its customers, suppliers, contractors, designers, licensees, employees, distributors, developers, service providers or other business relations, or to cause existing or potential customers of the Company to make use of the services or purchase the services or products of any competitive business. 

6. Nondisclosure and Nonuse of Confidential Information; Nondisparagement. 

(a) Employee acknowledges and agrees that he will be afforded access to Confidential Information which could have an adverse effect on the Company and the Business if it is used in an unauthorized manner and/or disclosed. Employee will not, at any time, either during the Employment Period or thereafter, disclose or use any Confidential Information, or permit any person to use, examine or make copies of any Confidential Information, except as may be required in his duties on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Employee agrees to take reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of, and avoid the disclosure and the unauthorized use of, any Confidential Information. 

(b) Employee shall deliver to the Company at the termination of the Employment Period, or at any time the Company may request, all memoranda, notes, plans, records, reports, files, electronic data, computer tapes, software and other documents and data (and copies thereof) that is Confidential Information or Personal Information or Work Product (each as defined herein) or other information relating to the Business of the Company which Employee may then possess or have under his control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee will have the right to retain and remove all personal property and effects which are owned by Employee. 

(c) Employee agrees that he will not view or access any Personal Information except as needed in the course of his job duties and responsibilities for the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Page 10 of NUMPAGES 18 

(d)	Employee agrees not to make, or cause any other person to make, any public statement that criticizes or disparages the Company, or its officers, employees, directors or products. Nothing set forth herein shall be interpreted to prohibit Employee from responding publicly to incorrect public statements, making truthful statements when required by law, subpoena, court order, or the like and/or from responding to any inquiry about this Agreement or its underlying facts and circumstances by any regulatory or investigatory organization and/or from making any truthful statements in the course of any litigation. 
 (e)	Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret of the Company that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to Employee s attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the trade secret to Employee s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Employee files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret except under court order. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such section. 
 Page 11 of NUMPAGES 18 

7. Inventions and Patents. Employee agrees that all inventions, innovations, improvements, technical information, certifications, systems, software developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, service marks, trademarks, trade names, logos and all similar or related information (whether patentable or unpatentable) which relates to the Business, research and development or existing or future products or services and which are conceived, developed or made by Employee (whether or not during usual business hours and whether or not alone or in-conjunction with any other person) in the course of his employment with the Company or relationship with the Company or any predecessor, together with all patent applications, letters patent, trademark, trade name and service mark applications or registrations, copyrights and reissues thereof that may be granted for or upon any of the foregoing (collectively referred to herein as Work Product belong to the Company. Employee hereby assigns and agrees to assign to the Company any rights he may have or acquire in such Work Product, whether created before, on, after or prior to the Effective Time. Employee agrees that his copyrightable works prepared for the Company are supplementary works or works for hire, as defined in Title 17 of the United States Code, and if any such works are deemed not to be a supplementary work or work for hire, then Employee hereby assigns and agrees to assign his entire right, title and interest in the copyright to such works to the Company. Employee will take reasonable steps to promptly disclose such Work Product to the Company and perform all actions reasonably requested by the Company (whether during or after the Employment Period) to establish and confirm such ownership (including the execution and delivery of assignments, consents, powers of attorney and other instruments) and to provide reasonable assistance to the Company in connection with the prosecution of any applications for patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks or reissues thereof or in the prosecution or defense of interferences relating to any Work Product, to the extent the assistance of Employee is reasonably required to prosecute such applications or reissues thereof or to prosecute or defend such interferences. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 8 does not require Employee to assign or offer to assign any of Employee s rights to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of the Company was used and which was developed entirely on Employee's own time, unless (a) the invention relates (i) directly to the business of the Company, or (ii) to the Company's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (b) the invention results from any work performed by Employee for the Company. 

8. Enforcement. 

(a) If Employee breaches or threatens to commit a breach of any of the covenants set forth in Sections 6, 7, and 8 above, then the Company shall have the right to seek to have the covenants in Sections 6, 7, and 8 specifically enforced against Employee, including temporary restraining orders and injunctions by any court of competent jurisdiction, in order to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions hereof (without posting a bond or other security), it being agreed by Employee that any breach or threatened breach by Employee of Sections 6, 7, and 8 would cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. The prevailing party is entitled to its attorneys fees and costs incurred in relation to any action addressing Sections 6, 7, and 8 of this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall not be required to post any bond or other surety as a condition to the issuance of any temporary restraining order or injunction, and Employee irrevocably waives any such requirement of any statute or applicable law. 

Page 12 of NUMPAGES 18 

(b) If, during the enforcement of any or all of the covenants and provisions set forth in Sections 6, 7, and 8 above, any court of competent jurisdiction enters a final judgment that declares that the duration, scope, or area restrictions stated therein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, are invalid, or are otherwise unenforceable, then the parties hereto agree that the maximum enforceable duration, scope, or area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated duration, scope, or area, and that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to revise the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes the closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified to cover the maximum duration, scope, or area permitted by law. 

(c) If any of the provisions of Sections 6, 7, and 8 are violated, then the time limitations set forth in those sections shall be extended for a period of time equal to the period of time during which such breach occurs, and, in the event the Company is required to seek relief from such breach before any court, board or other tribunal, then the time limitation shall be extended for a period of time equal to the pendency of such proceedings, including all appeals. 

(d) The provisions of Sections 5 through 12 shall survive any termination of Employee s employment and termination of this Agreement; provided, however, if the Employment Period expires because the Expiration Date has been reached while Employee remains employed and the Company refuses to extend the Employment Period under this Agreement or another employment agreement with material terms (other than the length of the term) as favorable to Employee as in this Agreement, then Employee s obligations under Section 6 shall expire as of the Expiration Date. 

9. Representations and Warranties. Employee hereby represents and warrants to the Company that (a) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Employee does not and will not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any agreement, contract or instrument to which Employee is a party or any judgment, order or decree to which Employee is subject, (b) Employee is not and will not be a party to or bound by any employment agreement, consulting agreement, non-compete agreement, confidentiality agreement or similar agreement with any other person or entity that is inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement and (c) this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of Employee. 

10. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or if by facsimile or e-mail or (b) on the first business day following the date of dispatch if delivered utilizing an overnight delivery service or (c) on the date of receipt if mailed. All notices hereunder shall be delivered to the addresses set forth below as follows: 

Page 13 of NUMPAGES 18 

If to Employee: 
 The last address on file with the Company 
 If to the Company: 
 
 Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 1420 Fifth Ave, Suite 2000 
 Seattle, WA 98101 
 Facsimile: 206-623-2213 
 Attention: Chief Legal Officer 
 with a copy to: 
 Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner LLP 
 1201 W Peachtree St NW 
 14th Floor 
 Atlanta, GA 30309 
 Facsimile: 404-572-6999 
 Attention: Eliot Robinson 
 or to such other address as the parties hereto may designate in writing to the other in accordance with this Section 11. Any party may change the address to which notices are to be sent by giving written notice of such change of address to the other parties in the manner above provided for giving notice. 
 11. General Provisions. 

(a) Severability . It is the desire and intent of the parties hereto that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. Accordingly, if any particular provision of this Agreement shall be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable for any reason, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such provision could be more narrowly drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in such jurisdiction, it shall, as to such jurisdiction, be so narrowly drawn, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Page 14 of NUMPAGES 18 

(b) Complete Agreement . This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and cancels all other contracts, agreements, representations, and understandings between the parties or their affiliates, whether written or oral, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the parties October 2022 offer letter. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of each party, their parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, investors, business associates, owners, partners, employees, representatives, agents, contractors and assigns. The terms of this Agreement are the result of negotiations in which each party had the opportunity to review and revise any term herein. Consequently, this Agreement shall not be construed for or against either party as a result of the manner in which it was drafted. 

(c) Successors and Assigns . Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Employee and the Company and its respective successors, permitted assigns, personal representatives, heirs and estates, as the case may be; provided, however, that the rights and obligations of Employee under this Agreement shall not be assigned without the prior written consent of the Company and the Company may assign the rights and obligations of this Agreement to any affiliate of the Company or any successor or permitted assign of the Company s business or assets, and such assignment by the Company will not constitute a termination under Section 4. 

(d) Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT, AND ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES RELATED HERETO OR ARISING HEREFROM, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED, APPLIED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF WASHINGTON, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES. NO DEFENSE, COUNTERCLAIM OR RIGHT OF SETOFF GIVEN OR ALLOWED BY THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER STATE OR JURISDICTION, OR ARISING OUT OF THE ENACTMENT, MODIFICATION OR REPEAL OF ANY LAW, REGULATION, ORDINANCE OR DECREE OF ANY FOREIGN JURISDICTION, BE INTERPOSED IN ANY ACTION HEREON. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE ENFORCEABLE NOTWITHSTANDING THE EXISTENCE OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION OF EMPLOYEE AGAINST COMPANY, WHETHER PREDICATED ON THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE. 

Page 15 of NUMPAGES 18 

(e) Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial . EMPLOYEE HEREBY VOLUNTARILY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY AGREES AND SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS OF THE STATE OF WASHINGTON AND APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY THEREOF FOR ANY CLAIM, ACTION OR DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT AND WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT ANY DEFENSE THAT ANY SUCH COURT LACKS JURISDICTION, VENUE IS IMPROPER, OR THE FORUM IS INCONVENIENT. EMPLOYEE AND COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND KNOWINGLY WAIVE (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW) ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY COUNTERCLAIM) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENTS OR TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING: (I) TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR (II) ARISING FROM ANY DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. COMPANY AND EMPLOYEE AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT A JURY. 

(f) Withholdings . All payments hereunder are subject to withholding for applicable federal, state and local income and employment taxes and any other deductions authorized by Employee or required by law. 

(g) Amendment and Waiver . The provisions of this Agreement may be amended and waived only with the prior written consent of the Board or the Compensation Committee and Employee, and no course of conduct or failure or delay in enforcing the provisions of this Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

(h) Headings . The section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

(i) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

(j) Business Days . If any time period for giving notice or taking action hereunder expires on a day which is not a business day in the State of Washington, the time period for giving notice or taking action shall be automatically extended to the immediately following business day. 

(k) Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements . All representations, warranties and agreements contained herein shall survive the termination of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Employee s obligations under Sections 6 through 8 hereof shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason (including, without limitation, upon nonrenewal of the agreement by either party). 

Page 16 of NUMPAGES 18 

(l) Section 409A . To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidelines issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ). All payments under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible, and to the extent they are not exempt, they are intended to be compliant with Section 409A, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed consistent with that intent. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) to the extent necessary to comply with the exemption from Section 409A under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) or to comply with Section 409A, amounts that are payable in reference to Employee s termination of employment shall be deemed to be payable in reference to separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(h); (ii) if, on the date on which Employee incurs a separation from service, Employee is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A, any amount that constitutes deferred compensation and that becomes payable by reason of such separation from service (including any amount described in Clause (i)) shall be deferred until the earlier of the first day of the seventh month following the month that includes the separation from service or Employee s death; (iii) for purposes of Section 409A, Employee s right to receive installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments; and (iv) to the extent that any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, such reimbursement or benefit shall be provided no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year. The amount of any in-kind benefits provided in one year shall not affect the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other year. While the Company intends that no payment under this Agreement shall be subject to tax under Code Section 409A, the Company provides no guarantee of tax consequences to Employee and Employee shall be responsible for his own taxes. 

(m) Nouns and Pronouns . Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used herein shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural and vice-versa. 

(n) Construction . Where specific language (such as the word including is used to clarify by example a general statement contained herein, such specific language shall not be deemed to modify, limit or restrict in any manner the construction of the general statement to which it relates. The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party hereto. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 
 
 Page 17 of NUMPAGES 18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 
 BROADMARK REALTY CAPITAL INC. 
 _/s/ Nevin Boparai ________________ 
 Name: Nevin Boparai 
 Title: Chief Legal Officer 

JONATHAN HERMES 
 
 _/s/ Jonathan Hermes _______________ 
 
 Page 18 of NUMPAGES 18 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 brmk-ex10_7.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.7 
 
 SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This SEPARATION AND RELEASE Agreement (this Separation Agreement is made and entered into this 2nd day of November, 2022, by and between Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. Company ), a Maryland corporation, and Brian Ward Executive ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of February 2, 2022, pursuant to which the Executive provides services as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Employment Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive have mutually agreed to terminate Executive s employment relationship with the Company effective as of the close of business on November 7, 2022; 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to enter into an agreement that will provide for the release of any and all claims arising on or before the Separation Date that relate to Executive s employment with Company, Executive s separation of employment with the Company, and any and all claims Executive may have or has had against the Company, its affiliated companies, and their employees and agents, successors and assigns, in general; and 
 WHEREAS, any terms used but not defined in this Separation Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Employment Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Separation . As of the close of business in November 7, 2022 (the Separation Date ), the Executive will no longer be an employee, agent, or representative of the Company. Effective as of the Separation Date, Executive shall have resigned from all his other positions with the Company and its affiliates, including the Board of Directors and any operating committees 

2. Consideration. In consideration of signing, and not revoking, this Separation Agreement, including the Releases provided for in Paragraph 4, in full settlement of any compensation and benefits to which Executive would otherwise be entitled, and in exchange for the promises, covenants, releases, and waivers set forth herein, the Company will provide Executive with payments and benefits described below (the Severance Benefits ). 

Page 1 of 7 

(a) Continued Pay and Benefits; Cooperation . The Company will continue to pay Executive his full compensation and benefits to which he has elected as of the Effective Date, through November 30, 2022 (the Salary Continuation Period ). As consideration for this salary continuation, Executive agrees that he will remain reasonably available to the Company as needed to assist in the smooth transition of Executive s duties to one or more other employees or future employees of the Company, without additional compensation or remuneration, and to assist in the defense of the Company s interests in pending or threatened litigation and any other administrative and regulatory proceedings which currently exist or which may arise in the future and involve the conduct of the Company s business activities during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. Executive s duties during this Salary Continuation Period will include, without limitation, cooperation related to completing the Company s third quarter 10-Q filing, completing the CEO certification(s) attendant to the 10-Q filing, and conducting sign-off conversations with Moss Adams. Executive s obligations with respect to transition duties under this Paragraph shall terminate at the end of the Salary Continuation Period; however, Executive s obligations under this Paragraph with respect to the defense of the Company s interests shall continue indefinitely. 

(b) Severance Payment . The Severance Payment set forth in Section 4(e)(iii) of the Employment Agreement shall commence at the end of the Salary Continuation Period. The first Severance Payment installment shall occur as of the first payroll period following the Separation Agreement becoming irrevocable and the first payment shall include any installments accrued from November 30, 2022. Company may, not earlier than January 1, 2023, elect to accelerate and pay in lump-sum all amounts remaining due to Employee pursuant to Section 4(e)(iii) of the Employment Agreement. 

(c) Release of Covenant Not to Compete . Company agrees to release Executive, as of the Separation Date, from any and all obligations contained in Paragraph 6(b) of the Employment Agreement. The remaining provisions of Paragraph 6, as well as Paragraphs 7, 8, and 9, of the Employment Agreement, which were intended to survive Executive s separation from the Company, shall remain in full force and effect. 

3. Valuable Exchange. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the consideration provided in Paragraph 2 herein is in full discharge of any and all liabilities and obligations of the Company to the Executive as of the Separation Date and exceed any payment, benefit, or other thing of value to which Executive might otherwise be entitled. 

Page 2 of NUMPAGES 7 

4. Release of Claims. 

(a) In exchange for the consideration set forth in Paragraph 2, which Executive acknowledges is fair and sufficient, Executive hereby releases any and all claims that Executive had, has, or might have against the Company and all of its direct and indirect stockholders, subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, directors, employees, insurers, funds, agents, investors, and representatives (collectively Releasees ), from liability for any and all claims or damages that Executive had, has, or may have against any of the Releasees at any time prior to and including the Separation Date, whether known or unknown to Executive, including but not limited to: (i) any and all claims or rights arising out of, or which might be considered to arise out of or to be connected in any way with, Executive s relationship with the Company, or the termination of Executive s relationship with the Company; (ii) any claims under any contracts, agreements, or understandings Executive may have with any of the Releasees, written or oral, at any time prior to the date hereof; and (iii) any claims or causes of action arising under any federal, state, or local law, rule, or ordinance, tort, express or implied contract, public policy, or any other obligation, including without limitation any claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Act of 1974, the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1974, the Labor Management Relations Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the Washington Minimum Wage Requirements and Labor Standards Act, Title 49 of the Revised Code of Washington, the Washington Equal Pay Opportunity Act (EPOA), the Washington Industrial Welfare Act (IWA), and the Washington Fair Chance Act (FCA), the Washington Law Against Discrimination (WLAD), the Washington Family Leave Act (FLA), and the Washington Leave Law all as amended, and/or any other federal, state, or local labor laws, wage and hour laws, employee relations, and/or fair employment practices laws, any public policy, including whistleblower protections, any claim for misrepresentation, defamation, or invasion of privacy, any claim for compensation, wages, commissions, bonuses, royalties, stock options, deferred compensation, other monetary or equitable relief, vacation, personal or sick time, other fringe benefits, attorneys fees, or any tangible or intangible property of Executive s that remains with the Company, and any other applicable laws, regulations, and rules, whether arising under any contract (express or implied), agreement, statute, regulation, ordinance, common law, public policy or any other source. Executive specifically intends this release to be the broadest possible release permitted under law. 

(b) Executive acknowledges and agrees that he is releasing both known and unknown claims and waives the benefits of any statute purporting to prevent him from releasing unknown claims, including, but not limited to protection of Cal. Civ. Code Section 1542, which states: 

Page 3 of NUMPAGES 7 

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have released: (a) any rights or obligations undertaken or received within this Separation Agreement or claims Executive may have arising from or related to a breach of this Separation Agreement by the Company; (b) any claims to indemnification and defense to which Executive may be entitled under the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws, indemnification agreements, directors and officers insurance policies or applicable law with respect to the period of Executive s employment; (c) any claims or rights which cannot be waived by law, including Executive s right to workers compensation; and (d) any vested benefits under any employee benefit pension plan. 

(d) In exchange for the consideration set forth in Paragraph 2, which Executive acknowledges is fair and sufficient, Executive hereby releases any and all claims that Executive had, has, or might have against the Releasees, whether known or unknown, from the beginning of time through the date of the Executive s execution of this Separation Agreement arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended, and its implementing regulations. By signing this Separation Agreement, the Executive hereby acknowledges and confirms that: 

(1) The Executive has read this Separation Agreement in its entirety and understands all of its terms; 

(2) The Executive has been advised in writing to consult an attorney of the Executive s choosing before signing this Separation Agreement; 

(3) The Executive knowingly, freely, and voluntarily agrees to all of the terms and conditions set out in this Separation Agreement including, without limitation, the releases and covenants contained in it; 

(4) The Executive was given at least 21 days to consider the terms of this Separation Agreement and consult with an attorney of the Executive s choice, although the Executive may sign sooner if desired and changes to this Separation Agreement, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the 21-day period; 

(5) The Executive understands that the Executive has 7 days after signing this Separation Agreement to revoke the release in this Paragraph 6(B) by delivering notice of revocation before the end of the 7-day period to: 

Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. 
 1420 Fifth Ave. Suite 2000 
 Seattle, WA 98101 
 Email: Nevin@broadmark.com 
 ATTN: Nevin Boparai, Chief Legal Officer 
 Page 4 of NUMPAGES 7 

(6) The Executive understands that the release contained in this Paragraph 4(B) does not apply to rights and claims that may arise after the Executive signs this Separation Agreement. 

5. No Claims Pending. Executive represents that he has not filed or caused to be filed any lawsuit, complaint, or charge against any of the Releasees in any court, any municipal, state or federal agency, or any other tribunal. Executive agrees that he will not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, sue or file a complaint, grievance or demand for arbitration in any forum pursuing any claim released under this Separation Agreement; assist or otherwise participate in any claim, arbitration, suit, action, investigation, or other proceeding of any claim released hereunder; or accept any monetary or other recovery in connection with any charge, complaint, grievance, demand, or other action brought by any other person or entity related to any claim released hereunder. Executive is not waiving or releasing Executive s right to file a charge with, or participate in an investigation by, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any other federal or state agency. Executive is, however, waiving his right to recover any money in connection with such a charge or investigation, whether such charge is filed by Executive or someone else. Executive further represents and warrants that he has not assigned or conveyed to any other person or entity any part of or interest in the Severance Benefits or in any of the claims released in Paragraph 4 of this Separation Agreement. Executive further expressly waives any claim to any monetary or other damages or any other form of recovery in connection with any proceeding that violates Paragraph 4 and/or 5 of this Separation Agreement. 

6. No Additional Compensation Due. Executive acknowledges and agrees that none of the Releasees owes Executive any wages, commissions, bonuses, sick pay, personal leave pay, severance pay, vacation pay, or other compensation or payments, or continued coverage under any medical or other benefit policy or plan, qualified or non-qualified retirement benefits or forms of remuneration of any kind or nature, other than the Severance Benefits specifically provided in Paragraph 2 above. 

Page 5 of NUMPAGES 7 

7. Section 409A . This Separation Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidelines issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ). All payments under this Separation Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible, including by reason of the exemptions provided in Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9); to the extent they are not exempt, they are intended to be compliant with Section 409A, and all provisions of this Separation Agreement shall be construed consistent with that intent. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive s termination of employment shall constitute an involuntary separation from service under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(n)(1). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not warrant or otherwise assure that the payments and benefits provided under this Separation Agreement will be considered by the federal Internal Revenue Service IRS or other appropriate governmental authorities to be exempt from the application of the requirements of Section 409A, and a finding by the IRS or other appropriate governmental authority that the payments and benefits (or any of them) provided under this Separation Agreement are not exempt, either in whole or in part, from the application of the requirements of Section 409A shall be no grounds for the Executive to seek or obtain any form of relief against the Company or rescission or reformation of this Separation Agreement, and Executive shall be solely responsible for any taxes or penalties under Section 409A that may apply to his payments and benefits described in this Separation Agreement. 

8. Miscellaneous. 

(a) This Separation Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Separation Agreement shall be brought in any state or federal court located in the State of Washington. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of these courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding in such venue. 

(b) This Separation Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements, written and oral, with respect thereto including the Employment Agreement; provided, however, the parties agree that Sections 5, 7 through 12 of the Employment Agreement survive. No change, amendment, or modification of any provision of this Separation Agreement shall be valid unless set forth in a written instrument signed by both parties. 

(c) This Separation Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and together which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

(d) Each provision of this Separation Agreement shall be considered severable and if, for any reason, any provision hereof is determined to be invalid and contrary to, or in conflict with, any existing or future law or regulation of any court or agency having valid jurisdiction, such invalid provisions shall be deemed not to be a part of this Separation Agreement, and the remaining provisions shall continue to be given full force and effect and bind the parties hereto. 

Page 6 of NUMPAGES 7 

(e) The failure of either party to exercise any right or remedy provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any right or remedy hereunder. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Separation Agreement on the dates set forth below. 

Company: 

BROADMARK REALTY CAPITAL INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Nevin Boparai 

Name: Nevin Boparai 

Title: Chief Legal Officer 

Executive: 

/s/ Brian Ward 

Name: Brian Ward 

Page 7 of NUMPAGES 7 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 7
 brmk-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF BROADMARK REALTY CAPITAL INC. 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Formation 

BRMK Lending, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

BRMK Management, Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

Broadmark Private REIT Management, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Cataldo Square, LLC 
 
 Washington 

PBRELF Peak, LLC 
 
 Washington 

BRMK Jefferson, LLC 
 
 Colorado 

BRMK Wasatch Properties LLC 
 
 Washington 

BRMK Dayton Townhomes LLC 
 
 Colorado 

BRMK Roth Park Building B LLC 
 
 Colorado 

BRMK Echo Lake LLC 
 
 Washington 

BRMK Harrison, LLC 
 
 Colorado 

BRMK Priest Point, LLC 
 
 Washington 

BRMK Bellaire LLC 
 
 Texas 

BRMK Bellaire II LLC 
 
 Texas 

BRMK World Resorts LLC 
 
 Washington 

BRMK Boerne Ranch LLC 
 
 Washington 

BRMK Cedar Corners LLC 
 
 Washington 

BRMK Tacony St LLC 
 
 Washington 

BRMK Blue Sky LLC 
 
 Washington 

BRMK Akard LLC BRMK Sage Creek LLC BRMK 411 Sam Houston, LLC 
 
 Washington Washington Texas 

BRMK Dakin LLC BRMK Blueprint LLC BRMK Grove LLC 
 
 Colorado Colorado Washington 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 8
 brmk-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Form S-8, No. 333-236197, Form S-3, No. 333-251075 and Form S-3, No. 333-235402) of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Moss Adams LLP 
 
 Everett, Washington 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 9
 brmk-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Certification 
 I, Jeffrey B. Pyatt, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey B. Pyatt 

Jeffrey B. Pyatt 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 10
 brmk-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Certifications 
 
 I, Jonathan R. Hermes, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan R. Hermes 

Jonathan R. Hermes 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 11
 brmk-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Jeffrey B. Pyatt, Interim Chief Executive Officer of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ 
 Jeffrey B. Pyatt 

Jeffrey B. Pyatt 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 12
 brmk-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Jonathan R. Hermes, Chief Financial Officer of Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ 
 Jonathan R. Hermes 

Jonathan R. Hermes 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 brmk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 brmk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 brmk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 brmk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 brmk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

