<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1882963_0001213900-23-024147.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3753750</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>211950</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>718878</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>831025</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>967118</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>932222</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024147.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329170945
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024147
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AIB Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001882963
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41230
		FILM NUMBER:		23776107

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 3RD AVENUE, SUITE M204A
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123808128

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 3RD AVENUE, SUITE M204A
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024147.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_aibacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination AIBBU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights, every ten (10) rights entitles the holder to receive one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial combination AIBBR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value of the outstanding
shares of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant,
computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market was
 . 

As of March 29, 2023, there were Class A
ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant
issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 17 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 17 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 17 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 17 

PART II 
 18 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 18 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 18 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 19 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 22 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 22 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 22 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 22 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 23 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 23 

PART III 
 24 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 24 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 28 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 28 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 31 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 33 

PART IV 
 34 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 34 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 34 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below)
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our
ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in
approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined
 below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

board of directors, board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); 

business combination are to a merger,
 share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Class A ordinary shares are to the Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B ordinary shares are to the Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination Period are to the 21-month
 period, from the closing of the initial public offering (as defined below) to October 21, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by
 the board) as extended by the Extension Amendments (as defined below), unless further extended pursuant to our second amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association (as defined below), that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below), the transfer agent of our ordinary shares and the rights agent for our rights (as defined below); 

Conversion Units are to the units (as defined below) issuable in connection with the Working Capital Note (as defined below) consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right exchangeable into one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension Amendments are to amendments to the second
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association adopted at the Extraordinary Meeting (as defined below); 

Extension Funds are to up to 450,000 to be deposited
 into the trust account in connection with the Extension Amendments; 

Extension Note are to the unsecured promissory note in
 the aggregate amount of up to 450,000 issued by the sponsor (as defined below) to the Company in connection with the Extension Amendments; 

Extension Redemptions are to the redemption of ordinary shares in connection with the Extension Amendments; 

Extraordinary Meeting are to the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of the Company held on January 18, 2023; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting
Standards Board; 

iii 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially
purchased by our sponsor the private placement and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the
Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will
not be public shares (as defined below)); 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on January 21, 2022; 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

letter agreement refers to the letter agreement entered into between us and our initial shareholders, directors and officers; 

management or our management team are to
our officers and directors and any other advisors described in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Maxim are to Maxim Group LLC, the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Global Market; 

ordinary shares are to the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private placement are to the private
 placement of units that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

private placement units are to the
 units issued to our sponsor in the private placement; 

private rights are to the rights underlying the private units; 

private shares are to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private units; 

public rights or rights are to our rights sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

iv 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors purchase public shares, provided their status as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC (as defined below) on January 5, 2022 (File No. 333-260594), as amended and declared effective on January 18, 2022; 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our memorandum and articles of association in effect upon completion of our initial public offering, as amended; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor are to AIB LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 87,112,500 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and private units in the private placement was initially placed following the closing of the initial public offering and the exercise of the over-allotment option; 

trust agreement are to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and between Continental and the Company governing the trust account; as amended on January 19, 2023, upon the shareholders approval of the Extension Amendments; 

UHY are to UHY LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one public right; 

we, us, Company 
 or our Company are to AIB Acquisition Corporation; 

Working Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to
provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the initial shareholders or an affiliate
of the initial shareholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company; 

Working Capital Note are to the promissory note we issued to our sponsor on January 23, 2023 in the principal amount of up to 500,000; and 

are to the United States dollar. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting our initial business combination. 

While we may pursue an initial
business combination target in any business, industry or geographical location, we have focused and will continue to focus our search
on businesses in the financial technology industries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not pursue a target business that is headquartered
in, or conducts a majority of its business in, China or Hong Kong. We believe that we will add value to these businesses primarily by
providing them with access to the U.S. capital markets. 

Initial Public Offering 

On January 21, 2022, we consummated
our initial public offering of 8,625,000 units, including 1,125,000 units issued to the underwriters upon the full exercise of the over-allotment
option. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one right, with each right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The units were sold at a price of 10.00
per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 86,250,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 388,750 units to our sponsor and Maxim at a purchase
price of 10.00 per private unit, generating gross proceeds of 3,887,500. 

A total of 87,112,500, comprised
of 83,225,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 3,887,500 of the proceeds of the sale of the private units was placed
in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

It is the job of our sponsor
and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Eric Chen, our Chief Executive Officer,
and Alex Hoerger, our Chairman of the Board. We must complete our initial business combination by October 21, 2023, the current end of
our Combination Period. If our initial business combination is not consummated by the end of the Combination Period, then our existence
will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

Extension Amendments and Redemption 

On January 18, 2023 we held
the Extraordinary Meeting and approved, among other things, amendments to the second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to (i) extend the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination from January 21, 2023 to October 21, 2023, and (ii)
to permit the board, in its sole discretion, to elect to wind up our operations on an earlier date than October 21, 2023. In connection
with the Extension Amendments, shareholders holding 7,623,698 ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata
portion of the trust account. As a result of the Extension Redemption, an aggregate amount of 78,324,475.94 (approximately 10.27 per
share) was removed from the trust account to pay such holders. 

On January 20, 2023, in connection
with the Extension Amendments, we issued the Extension Note, a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 450,000 to the sponsor,
pursuant to which the Extension Funds will be deposited into the trust account in monthly installments for the benefit of each public
share that was not redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendments. The sponsor agreed to pay 50,000 (or 0.05 per public share
not redeemed) per month that the board decides to take to complete an initial business combination, commencing on January 21, 2023 and
continuing through October 21, 2023. On January 20, 2023, the first installment of the Extension Funds was deposited into the trust account.
The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the initial business
combination, and (b) the date of our liquidation. 

1 

Investment Criteria 

Our management team has focused
and will continue to focus on creating shareholder value by leveraging its experience in the management, operation and financing of businesses
to improve the efficiency of operations while implementing strategies to help our potential business combination target scale revenue
organically and/or through acquisitions. We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines, which we believe are important
in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we have used and will continue to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective
businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we see justification to do so. 

Middle-Market Growth Business. We primarily seek to acquire one or more growth businesses with a total enterprise value of between 225,000,000 and 375,000,000. We believe that there are a substantial number of potential target businesses within this valuation range that can benefit from new capital for scalable operations to yield significant revenue and earnings growth. We currently do not intend to acquire either a start-up company (a company that has not yet established commercial operations) or a company with negative cash flow. 

Companies in Business Segments that Are Strategically Significant. We seek to acquire businesses in sectors that are currently strategically significant., including accounting and expense management, blockchain, capital markets, digital banking and financial infrastructure, HR, payroll, and benefits, insurance, lending, payments, billing, and money transfer, personal finance, real estate, regulatory tech, and wealth management. 

Business with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Companies with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We intend to focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance shareholder value. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company. We intend to acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and which can effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant.
We believe our management team s extensive contacts, broad industry knowledge and highly regarded experience will yield a robust
deal flow from which we may select a target. We seek to acquire the target on terms and in a manner that leverages our management team s
experience. The potential upside from growth in the target business and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified
downside risks designed to balance value creation with capital preservation. In the event that we decide to enter into an initial business
combination with a target business that meets some but not all of the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target
business meets some but not all of the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial business
combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
that we would file with the SEC. In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a due diligence review which encompasses,
among other things, meetings with incumbent ownership, management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers,
inspections of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information that are made available to us. 

Competitive Strengths 

Management Team 

We believe that our management
team s extensive relationships within the financial services industry enable us to identify business combination opportunities with
significant potential upside. Our management team s combined experience, when paired with our ability to perform under varying economic
environments, is a differentiating factor that is highly attractive to potential target companies. 

2 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe that our structure
as a public company makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer
a target business an alternative to a traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation,
the owners of the target business would exchange their stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our ordinary
shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration used in the transaction to the specific
needs of the sellers. We believe that target businesses might find this avenue a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming
a public company than a typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred
in marketing, roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination
with us. Furthermore, once the business combination is consummated, the target business will have effectively become a public company,
whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market
conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access
to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests than it would have
as a privately-held company. Public company status can offer further benefits by enhancing a company s profile among potential
new customers and vendors and attracting talented employees. While we believe that our status as a public company will make us an attractive
business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check company as a deterrent
and may prefer to effect a business combination with a more established entity or with a private company. These limitations include constraints
on our available financial resources, which may be inferior to those of other entities pursuing the acquisition of similar target businesses;
the requirement that we seek shareholder approval of a business combination or conduct a tender offer in relation thereto, which may delay
the consummation of a transaction; and the existence of our outstanding rights, which may represent a source of future dilution. 

Financial Position 

With funds in the trust account
of 10,627,356.01 available to use for a business combination as of March 27, 2023, assuming no further redemptions and before payment
of (i) deferred underwriting fees and (ii) fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business
a variety of options such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company and a public means to sell such
shares, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations and strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its
debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination
of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid
to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have
not taken any steps to secure third party financing, and there can be no assurance that it will be available to us. Furthermore, redemptions
in connection with our initial business combination could reduce the amount of funds available to be used in connection with such business
combinations. 

Effecting a Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to
utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of private units, our equity, debt or
a combination of these in effecting a business combination which has not yet been identified. A business combination may involve the acquisition
of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market
for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time
delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various federal and state securities laws. In the alternative,
we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development
or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the
ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

3 

We have up to 21 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, or October 21, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination, subject to the sponsor
depositing the Extension Funds into the trust account as set out below. . Pursuant to the terms of our second amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and the trust agreement, in order for the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination
to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account 50,000 for each month of extension until
October 21, 2023 that the board elects to take in its sole discretion. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination
within such time period, we will redeem 100 of our issued and outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the
trust account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve.
Assuming out board elects to utilize the full extension period through October 21, 2023, we expect the pro rata redemption price to be
approximately 10.72 per Class A ordinary share (regardless of whether or not the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option),
without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to distribute
such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

While we have not yet selected
a target business with which to consummate our initial business combination, we believe based on our management s business knowledge
and past experience that there are numerous potential candidates. Our principal means of identifying potential target businesses have
been and may continue to be through the extensive contacts and relationships of our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and directors.
While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on
potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers and their
access to our sponsor s contacts and resources will generate a number of potential business combination opportunities that will
warrant further investigation. Target business candidates have been and may continue to be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and
other members of the financial community. Target businesses have been and may continue to be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated
sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they
think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our prospectus in connection with our
initial public offering or this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. 

Our officers and directors
must present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination,
subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. We may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals
that specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined
in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor, initial shareholders,
officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for
any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is) other than the 10,000 administrative services fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers,
directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, the repayment
of any loans to the Company and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. Our audit committee reviews and approves all reimbursements
and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from
such review and approval. We have no present intention to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
with any of our officers, directors or sponsors. However, we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so
if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination
is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. 

4 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of a Business Combination 

Subject to our management
team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 
of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of
a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling
interest in the target business, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective
target business. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses.
In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial condition and results of operation; 

growth potential; 

brand recognition and potential; 

experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital requirements; 

competitive position; 

barriers to entry; 

stage of development of the products, processes or services; 

existing distribution and potential for expansion; 

degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; 

impact of regulation on the business; 

regulatory environment of the industry; 

the target business s compliance with U.S. federal law; 

costs associated with effecting the business combination; 

industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and 

macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination has been and will continue to be based, to
the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination
consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct an extensive due diligence review which
encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other
information that are made available to us. This due diligence review is conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties
we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

5 

The time and costs required
to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any
degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which
a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise
complete a business combination. 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

Nasdaq listing rules require
that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance
of the funds in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of
a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever
reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

We currently anticipate structuring
a business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 of such interests
or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the
voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests
of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued
and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is
owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of trust account balance test. 

The fair market value of the
target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such
as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used
by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target
business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has
a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

We will not be required to
obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that
the target business complies with the 80 threshold. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be
approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

We may seek to effect a business
combination with more than one target business, although we expect to complete our business combination with just one business. Therefore,
at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business operation.
Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries
or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from
the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

6 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us,
and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business 
Management 

Although we scrutinize the
management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you
that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future
management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our
officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty.
While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following
a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination.
Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate
employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with
the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our
securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial
interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain
with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or
not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have
significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability
to Approve an Initial Business Combination 

In connection with any proposed
business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called
for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination or don t vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of
taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby
avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder
approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will
be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares.
In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. Whether we seek shareholder approval or engage
in a tender offer, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either
immediately prior to or upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company. 

7 

We chose our net tangible
asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However,
if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition
or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination,
we may need to have more than 5,000,001 in net tangible assets either immediately prior to or upon consummation and this may force us
to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate
such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all.
Public shareholders may therefore have to wait until the end of the Combination Period in order to be able to receive a pro rata share
of the trust account. Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned
by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote
to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed
initial business combination. 

None of our officers, directors, sponsor, initial
shareholders or their affiliates has purchased units or Class A ordinary shares in our initial public offering, or has since indicated
any intention do so from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a general meeting to approve a proposed
business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination
or that they wish to have their shares redeemed, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make
such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of redemptions. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of Class A ordinary
shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed
to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock. 

Conversion Rights 

At any meeting called to approve
an initial business combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet
paid. Alternatively, we may provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Class A ordinary shares to us through
a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Our sponsor, initial shareholders
and our officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly,
whether acquired prior to our initial public offering or purchased by them in our initial public offering or in the aftermarket. 

We may require public shareholders,
whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender their certificates to our
transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option,
in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The
transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on
to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights.
The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.
However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise conversion rights prior to the consummation of the proposed business
combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated this may result in an increased cost to shareholders. 

8 

Any proxy solicitation materials
we furnish to shareholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders
to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time the shareholder received
our proxy statement up until two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to
deliver his, her or its shares if he, she or it wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on
the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the shareholder, whether or not he, she
or it is a record holder or his, her or its shares are held in street name, in a matter of hours by simply contacting
the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his, her or its shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period
is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. In connection with any general meeting called
to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a
proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise
their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

Any request to convert such
shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer.
Furthermore, if a holder of Class A ordinary shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion
and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he or she may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If the initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be
entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares
delivered by public holders. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if No Initial Business Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed that we will have only up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until October 21,
2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such Combination
Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any);
and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our
board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of
creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to
our rights, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. 

Our initial shareholders have
entered into the letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period.
However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our second amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares
to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 
of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our initial
business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). 

9 

If we do not consummate our
initial business combination by the deadline set forth in our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we expect
that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded
from amounts remaining out of the 44,217 of proceeds held outside the trust account as of December 31, 2022, although we cannot assure
you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes,
we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 50,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account,
and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.72 (assuming we utilize the full extension period through October 21, 2023). The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the
claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will
not be substantially less than 10.72. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient
to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we seek to have all
vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the
benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements
that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach
of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses
to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that
such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in
connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived
that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective
target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to
below (1) 10.10 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to
the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified
whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for
such obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors
and prospective target businesses. 

10 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (1) 10.10 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of
the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.10 per
share. 

We have sought and will
continue to seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of
our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, we
have access to up to 44,217 to pay any such potential claims (excluding up to 50,000 in interest accrued on funds in the trust account that can be used to pay for costs and expenses incurred in
connection with our liquidation). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined
that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable
for claims made by creditors. As of December 31, 2022, the amount held outside the trust account was 44,217. 

If we file a bankruptcy or
winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our insolvency estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete
the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.72 per share to our public shareholders (assuming we utilize the
full extension period through October 21, 2023). Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under
applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court
could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary
duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not
be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of our initial business
combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject
to the limitations described herein, (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders 
ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the
Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by
the end of the Combination Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a shareholder
have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial
business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with our initial business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s
redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption
rights described above. 

11 

Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association 

Our second amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will
apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
contain a provision which provides that, if we seek to amend our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as
described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or October 21, 2023, if we utilize
the full extension period granted to consummate a business combination, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares in connection with any such amendment. Specifically, our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide,
among other things, that: 

prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote), in each in cash, for an amount payable in cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our initial business combination and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated by the end of the Combination Period (or by October 21, 2023), then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or October 21, 2023, or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. 

These provisions cannot be
amended without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of the votes which are cast by holders of ordinary shares, voting
as a single class, who, being present and entitled to vote at the general meeting our ordinary shares. In the event we seek shareholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the ordinary shares voted by our shareholders
at a duly held general meeting. 

Additionally, our second amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder
shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and that holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may
only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. With respect to any
other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as
required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share
entitling the holder to one vote. 

An Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association 

On January 19, 2023, we filed
an amendment to the second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies,
which extended the date by which the we have to consummate an initial business combination from January 21, 2023 to October 21, 2023,
or such earlier date in the board s sole discretion. 

Competition 

We have encountered and expect
to continue to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private units, our ability
to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary
shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. 

12 

Conflicts of Interest 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion
of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether
to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. 

All of our executive officers
and certain of our directors have or may have fiduciary and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested. These
entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded
from pursuing it. 

Our officers and directors
have agreed to present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the
trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in the trust account), subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual
obligations. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that may be attractive to
any entity to which he has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he will be required to present such initial business
combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such initial business combination opportunity to us. Certain of our officers
and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly,
they will be required to present all suitable business combination opportunities to such entities prior to presenting them to our company
for consideration. 

We do not believe, however,
that the above-mentioned fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. 

Our second amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving
as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly
or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or
products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.10 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of
the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights
to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our
sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

13 

Employees 

We currently have 2 executive
officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of
our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time
as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person
devotes in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current
stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary
shares, and rights are registered under the Exchange Act, and as a result, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our
annual reports, including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. 

We will provide shareholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be
audited in accordance with PCAOB standards. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we
may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements
in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this
may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the
event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will
we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We have filed a Registration
Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As
a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing
a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the completion of our
initial business combination. 

14 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible
to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not
 emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our initial public offering (January 21, 2027), (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by
non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date
on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.
References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary
shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our
annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct
business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted
company, we have applied for and have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with
Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking,
no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to
us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of
estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (1) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (2) by
way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders
or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of
material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

15 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public shareholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.72 per share (assuming we utilize the full extension period through October 21, 2023); 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.72 per share (assuming we utilize the full extension period through October 21, 2023), or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account; 

in March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating
 to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to
 undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and
 may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals
 may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for
 purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would
 be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed
 an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

16 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company
 for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we expect that we will, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of our
 Registration Statement, instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the
 trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination
 or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we would likely receive less interest
 on the funds held in the trust account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption
 or liquidation of the Company; 

we may not be able to complete an initial business
 combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval
 by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the
 United States; 

recent increases in inflation and interest rates
 in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may
 lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
 business combination; and 

there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating
account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing
accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including
limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any
events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced
that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have
any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns
regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest
rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby
making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or
at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our
prospects. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this time, there may be additional
risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences directly or indirectly
from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

For the complete list of risks
relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement, (ii) Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022, (iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the
quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022, August 10, 2022 and
November 14, 2022, respectively and (iv) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on January 18, 2023. Any of
these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional
risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes
to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 875 Third Avenue, Suite M204A, New York, NY 10022, and our telephone number is (212) 380-8128. The cost for our use of this
space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services.
We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our units, public shares and
public rights are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols AIBBU , AIB and AIBBR , respectively.
Our units commenced public trading on January 19, 2022, and our public shares and public rights commenced separate public trading on February
23, 2022. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On March 29, 2023, there were
three holders of record of our units, two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares and one holder of record of our rights. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) 
 Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

For
a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 5(f) of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 21, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022. There has been no material change in
the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. Our specific
investments in our trust account may change from time to time. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

18 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used
in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our
filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes
thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our business
combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the units that occurred simultaneously with the
completion of our IPO, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will
be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational
activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and since the IPO, the search for a prospective initial business
combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination, at the
earliest. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds of the IPO placed in the trust account.
We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and
auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, an initial business combination. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net income of 588,411, which primarily consists of interest earned on investments held in trust account of 1,383,127
and unrealized gain on investments held in trust account of 29,948, offset by general and administrative expenses of 824,664. 

For the period June 18, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 23,277, which primarily consists of formation expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 44,217 in its operating bank account, and working capital deficit of 59,776. 

Our liquidity needs up to
the closing of the IPO on January 21, 2022 were satisfied through proceeds from notes payable and advances from related party and from
the issuance of common stock. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of the our officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us with Working Capital Loans. The management plans to continue its efforts to complete
an initial business combination within the Combination Period. 

On January 20, 2023, we issued
the Extension Note, a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 450,000 to our sponsor, pursuant to which the Extension
Funds will be deposited into the trust account in monthly installments for the benefit of each outstanding public share that was not redeemed
in connection with the extension of the end of the Combination Period from January 21, 2023 to October 21, 2023. The sponsor has agreed
to pay 50,000 per month that the board decides to take to complete an initial business combination into the trust account, which equates
to approximately 0.05 per remaining public share, for each calendar month (commencing on January 21, 2023 and continuing through October
21, 2023, or portion thereof), for up to an aggregate of 450,000. On January 20, 2023, the first installment of the Extension Funds was
deposited into the trust account. 

19 

On January 23, 2023, we issued
the Working Capital Note, a promissory note in the principal amount of up to 500,000 to our sponsor. The Working Capital Note was issued
in connection with advances our sponsor has made, and may make in the future, to us for working capital expenses. The Working Capital
Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination
and (ii) the date that our winding up is effective. At the election of our sponsor, up to 500,000 of the unpaid principal amount of the
Working Capital Note may be converted into Conversion Units, each Conversion Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right
exchangeable into one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share , equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of this Working Capital
Note being converted, divided by (y) 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. The Conversion Units are identical to the
units issued by us to our sponsor in the private placement. The Conversion Units and their underlying securities are entitled to the registration
rights set forth in the Working Capital Note. 

If our estimate of the costs
of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount
necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may
need to obtain other financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number
of our public shares upon consummation of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in
connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing
simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination because we do not
have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our
business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

On January 19, 2023, upon
the shareholders approval, we entered into an amendment to the trust agreement to extend the date by which we are required to consummate
a business combination from January 21, 2023 to October 21, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the board, in its sole discretion.
As a result, we have up to 21 months from the closing of the initial public offering on January 21, 2022 to consummate an initial business
combination, unless further extended as permitted by our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association . It is uncertain
that we will be able to consummate an initial business combination by this time. If an initial business combination is not consummated
by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

In
connection with the our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial
Statements Going Concern, management has determined that mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination
not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable
period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance of the financial statements. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS
Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying
public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new
or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may
not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

20 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging
growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may
be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related
items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an
 emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income
and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 

Net Loss per Ordinary Share 

We
have two outstanding classes of shares, Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Class A shares include redeemable and non-redeemable
shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares which includes Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary
shares and between the redeemable and the non-redeemable shares. The 9,095,975 Class A ordinary shares for which the outstanding public
rights and private rights are exercisable were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the period ended December 31, 2022 because
they are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary shares is
the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the period. 

Recent Accounting
Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued
ASU Topic 2020-06, Debt debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under
current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the
derivative scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. We adopted ASU 2020-06 on June
18, 2021 (inception). Adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
financial statements. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations and our ability to complete
an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the
financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial
markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines
in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants,
and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or
more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to
complete an initial business combination. 

21 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-20 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based
on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period
covered by this Report. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud.
Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we
have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based
partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving
its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
 and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

22 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign
Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Title 
 
 Axel Hoerger 

56 

Chairman of Board 
 
 Eric Chen 

48 

Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Jie Gao 

39 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 David Adelman 

58 

Independent Director 
 
 Merry Tang 

63 

Independent Director 
 
 David Knower 

61 

Independent Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Axel Hoerger has
served as our Chairman of the Board since inception. He has been serving as the CEO of Petiole Asset Management, a small asset management
firm in Switzerland that focuses on private equity investments for private families since June 2022. He served as CEO of Lombard International
Assurance, Luxembourg from February 2016 to June 2020. He served as CEO UBS Deutschland AG and Head One Market Wealth Management
Germany Austria from 2011 to March 2015. From June 2010 to 2011, he served as CEO Wealth Management of UBS Deutschland
AG. From 2009 to March 2010, he served as Head of Institutional Sales for Goldman Sachs Asset Management in EMEA. From 1994
to 2009, Mr. Hoerger served in various leadership positions at Goldman Sachs Investment Management. Mr. Hoerger received his
Master of Business Administration from Johann Wolfgang Goethe University in 1993. We believe he is well qualified to serve on our board
of directors due to his extensive experience in finance and investing. 

Eric Chen has
served as our Chief Executive Officer since inception. Mr. Chen served as our Chief Financial Officer from inception until our initial
public offering. Since 2017, he has been the CEO of American International Bank AIB in New York, NY. From 2008
to 2014, Mr. Chen served as Senior Vice-President of Macquarie Group Limited in Beijing, China. From 2003 to 2008, he served
as Vice-President (Global Special Situations Group) of Citigroup Hong Kong. Mr. Chen worked as a Specialist (Asset Management
Department) of Taiwan Asset Management Corporation (TAMCO) from 2002 to 2003. Mr. Chen received his Master of Science degree in Actuarial
Science from Boston University in 2000 and Bachelor of Arts in Administrative and Commercial Studies from University of Western Ontario
in 1995. We believe his broad experience and networks in the investment field will be instrumental during the de-SPAC process. 

Jie Gao has served
as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2022. Since July 2018, she has served as the Managing Partner and Founder of HG, LLP, practicing
in M A due diligence, SEC reporting and business valuation. From April 2016 to June 2018, Ms. Gao served as Manager in the M A
Deal Advisory Group of KPMG. From March 2011 to April 2016, she was a Manager in the Financial Service Group of Pricewaterhouse Coopers.
Ms. Gao served as Senior Auditor for Acquavella, Chiarelli, Shuster, Berkower Co., LLP from June 2010 to February 2011 and auditor
of Moore Stephens International from 2008 to April 2010. Ms. Gao received her M.S. in Accounting and Information Analysis from Lehigh
University in 2007 and Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Beijing Jiaotong University in 2006. We believe her extensive
experience in accounting will be instrumental during the de-SPAC process. 

24 

David Adelman has served
as one of our independent directors since January 2022, is an American lawyer, diplomat, and legislator. He is currently the Managing
Director and the General Counsel of KraneShares since 2021. He was the United States Ambassador to the Republic of Singapore from
2010 to 2013 during the Obama-Biden Administration. He was a partner in the global law firm Reed Smith LLP working out of the firm s
New York office from 2015 to 2021. Mr. Adelman is a former Managing Director of Goldman Sachs from 2013 to 2015. He was a Georgia
State Senator from 2002 to 2010. He is a Member of Board of Trustees of the National Committee on American Foreign Policy since 2020.
He is an Independent Non-Executive Director of Noble Group Holdings since 2019, private equity firm Olympus Capital since 2019 and
merchant bank Ion Pacific since 2018. Mr. Adelman is a Trustee of the National Committee on American Foreign Policy and a member
of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Advisory Board of the Israel-Asia Center. He is an Adjunct Professor at New York
University where he teaches international relations of the Asia-Pacific region at the graduate level. Mr. Adelman received his
J.D. from Emory University in 1989 where he is a recipient of the Emory Medal. He earned an M.P.A from Georgia State University 1995 and
B.A. from the University of Georgia in 1986. We believe he is well qualified to serve as the head of our compensation committee and on
our board of directors due to his extensive experience in finance and investing. 

Merry Tang has served
as one of our directors since January 2022, has been an Independent Director and Audit Committee Chair for Ever-Glory International
Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: EVK) since August 2011, China Sungery Co., Ltd. (Nasdaq: CSUN) from June 2008 to July 2017, and Jakroo,
Inc. (OTC: JKRO) from October 2017 through November 2019. She has been the managing partner of GZTY CPA Group, LLC since
February 2008 and the Senior Auditor of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from September 2004 to August 2006. From September 1996
to August 2004, she served as the Finance Manager at Lucent Technologies, Inc. and from May 1993 to September 1996, she
was Assistant Director of Cash and Investment Division with the State Government of New York. Ms. Tang graduated from the Central
University of Finance Economics, Beijing, China with a bachelor s degree in banking in 1983 and a master s degree
in finance in 1986, before going on to receive her master s degree in accounting from the State University of New York at Albany
in 1993. We believe she is well qualified to serve as the head of our audit committee and on our board of directors due to her extensive
accounting and directorship experience. 

David Knower has served
as one of our independent directors since January 2022, has been a Partner and Head of Cerberus Deutschland Beteiligungsberatung GmbH
since 2003. Prior to this, Mr. Knower was the Owner and Managing Director of Invenimus, an International Consulting Firm headquartered
near Frankfurt, Germany. Before starting his own company, Mr. Knower worked at Procter Gamble Co. for 11 years, where
he started his professional career in Germany in 1986. After 9 years in Finance and Controlling positions, Mr. Knower spent
two years managing the Procter Gamble Germany Fine Fragrance business in Asia Pacific. Mr. Knower received two undergraduate
degrees from the University of Massachusetts, (Economics, German) in 1983, as well as being named a Commonwealth Scholar. Mr. Knower
received his MBA from the American Graduate School of International Management (Thunderbird), in 1985. Mr. Knower is Vice President
and Executive Board Member of the American Chamber of Commerce in Germany, President of the American German Business Club in Frankfurt,
Global Board Member Republicans Overseas, Board Member Aspen Institute, Board Member American Institute for Contemporary German Studies,
Vice President of the Steuben-Schurz Gesellschaft, and Member of the Board of trustees of The English Theatre , in Frankfurt.
We believe he is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience in finance and investing. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors currently
consists of five members. Our board of directors has one class of directors being elected every 2 years and each (except for those
directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a two-year term. We may not hold an annual general meeting
until after we consummate our initial business combination (unless required by Nasdaq). Subject to any other special rights applicable
to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present
and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our initial business combination,
holders of our founder shares). 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
as it deems appropriate. Our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist
of a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary,
Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

25 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to Nasdaq listing
rules we have established two standing committees an audit committee in compliance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of
the Exchange Act and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and
Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. David Knower and David Adelman serve as members of our audit committee, and Merry Tang chairs the
audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit
committee, all of whom must be independent. We believe that each of David Knower, David Adelman and Merry Tang meet the independent director
standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Merry Tang qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting
board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
(3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence and (4) the performance of our internal audit function
and independent auditors; 

the
appointment, compensation, retention, replacement and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered
public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by
us and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal
quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer
review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years
respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting
to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent
auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

reviewing
and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal
advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies
and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies
and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

26 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. David Knower and Merry Tang serve as members of our compensation committee, and David Adelman chairs
the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members
of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. David Adelman and David Knower are independent, and David Adelman chairs
the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating
our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans
that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal
counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics can be found as an exhibit to our Registration
Statement and will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions
of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

27 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors
have received or, prior to our initial business combination, will receive any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay our
sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of
their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is
unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be
responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion
of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements
with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such
employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and
we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination should
be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 29, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons
named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares, by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each
of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and 

all
our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 3,628,527 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 1,472,277 of our Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 2,156,250 of our
Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of March 29, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election or removal
of directors of the board prior to an initial business combination when only Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote, holders of
the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required under applicable law.
Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. 

28 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially
owned by them. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Approximate 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 AIB LLC 
 345,625 
 23.5 
 2,156,250 
 100 
 68.9 
 
 Eric Chen (2) 
 345,625 
 23.5 
 2,156,250 
 100 
 68.9 
 
 Alex Hoerger 

David Adelman 

Merry Tang 

David Knower 

Jie Gao 

All directors and officers as a group (6 individuals) 
 345,625 
 23.5 
 2,156,250 
 100 
 68.9 

Other 5 Shareholders 

Saba Parties (3) 
 795,600 
 54.0 

21.9 
 
 Hudson Parties (4) 
 650,000 
 44.1 

17.9 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) 
 524,371 
 35.6 

14.5 
 
 Glazer Parties (6) 
 842,451 
 57.2 

23.2 
 
 Lighthouse Parties (7) 
 460,635 
 31.3 

12.7 
 
 Feis Parties (8) 
 257,292 
 17.5 

7.1 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 875 Third Avenue, Suite M204A, New York, New York 10022. 

(2) 
 Represents shares held by our sponsor. Eric Chen, our Chief Executive Officer, who, has voting and dispositive power over the shares held by our sponsor. As such, Eric Chen may be deemed to beneficially own of the shares held by the sponsor. 

(3) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 by (i) Saba
Capital Management, L.P. Saba ), (ii) Boaz R. Weinstein Mr. Weinstein ), and (iii) Saba Capital Management
GP, LLC (together with Saba and Mr. Weinstein, the Saba Parties ). The number of public shares held by the Saba Parties is
reported as of December 31, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by the reporting persons in connection with the Extension
Amendments or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in
the table may not reflect the Saba Parties current beneficial ownership. The business address for each of the Saba Parties is 405
Lexington Avenue, 58 th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(4) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 6, 2023 by (i) Hudson
Bay Capital Management LP Hudson and (ii) Sander Gerber (together with Hudson, the Hudson Parties ). The
number of public shares held by the Hudson Parties is reported as of December 31, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares
by the Hudson Parties in connection with the Extension Amendments or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the
number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect the Hudson Parties current beneficial ownership.
The business address for each of the Hudson Parties is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2 nd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06930. 

29 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 9, 2023 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar ), which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund PMSMF with respect to the public shares directly held by PMSMF. The number of public shares held by Polar is reported as of December 31, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by Polar in connection with the Extension Amendments or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect Polar s current beneficial ownership. The business address for Polar is 16 York Street, Suite 2909, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by Glazer Capital, LLC Glazer and Paul J. Glazer (together with Glazer, the Glazer Parties ). The number of public shares held by the Glazer Parties is reported as of December 31, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by the Glazer Parties in connection with the Extension Amendments or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect the Glazer Parties current beneficial ownership. The business address for each of the Glazer Parties is 250 West 55 th Street, Suite 30A, New York, NY 10019. 

(7) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by (i) Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC Lighthouse ), (ii) MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 136 ), (iii) MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 214 and (iv)Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC (together with Lighthouse, MAP 136 and MAP 214, the Lighthouse Parties ). The number of public shares held by the Lighthouse Parties is reported as of December 31, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by the Lighthouse Parties in connection with the Extension Amendments or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect the Lighthouse Parties current beneficial ownership. The business address of each of the Lighthouse Parties is 3801 PGA Boulevard, Suite 500, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410. 

(8) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on March 7, 2022 by (i) Feis Equities LLC Feis and (ii) Lawrence M. Feis (together with Feis, the Feis Parties ). The number of public shares held by the Feis Parties is reported as of March 3, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by the Feis Parties in connection with the Extension Amendments or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect the Feis Parties current beneficial ownership. The business address of each of the Feis Parties is 20 North Wacker Drive Suite 2115, Chicago, Illinois 60606. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

30 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our sponsor paid 25,000 to
cover certain of our offering costs in consideration for 1,437,500 founder shares. On September 13, 2021, we effected a share dividend
of 0.5 shares for each Class B ordinary share outstanding, resulting in an aggregate of 2,156,250 founder shares outstanding. 

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 345,625 private units for a purchase price of 10.00 per unit and Maxim, purchased 43,125 private units at a price of 10.00 per private
unit, in the private placement. The private units (including the securities underlying the private units) may not, subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

We have entered into an administrative
services agreement pursuant to which we pay our sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services.
Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying any of these monthly fees. Accordingly, in
the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 21 months, or until October 21, 2023, our sponsor
will be paid up to 10,000 per month 210,000 in the aggregate) for office space, administrative and support services and is entitled
to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates
and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

On July 30, 2021, our sponsor
agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the initial public offering pursuant to a promissory note
(the First Note ). This First Note became payable on initial public offering. The First Note is non-interest bearing. On
January 21, 2022, the First Note was repaid in full. 

On January 20, 2023, in connection
with the Extension Amendments, we issued the Extension Note, a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 450,000 to the sponsor,
pursuant to which the Extension Funds will be deposited into the trust account in monthly installments for the benefit of each public
share that was not redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendments. The sponsor agreed to pay 50,000 (or 0.05 per public share
not redeemed) per month that the board decides to take to complete an initial business combination, commencing on January 21, 2023 and
continuing through October 21, 2023. On January 20, 2023, the first installment of the Extension Funds was deposited into the trust account.
The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the initial business
combination, and (b) the date of our liquidation. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans as may be required. Any such Working Capital Loans
would be on an interest-free basis and would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us
upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units at a
price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private units issued to our sponsor. We do
not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be
willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

31 

On January 23, 2023, we issued
the Working Capital Note, a promissory note in the principal amount of up to 500,000 to our sponsor. The Working Capital Note was issued
in connection with advances our sponsor has made, and may make in the future, to us for working capital expenses. The Working Capital
Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial business combination
and (ii) the date that our winding up is effective. At the election of our sponsor, up to 500,000 of the unpaid principal amount of the
Working Capital Note may be converted into Conversion Units, each Conversion Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right
exchangeable into one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share , equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of this Working Capital
Note being converted, divided by (y) 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. The Conversion Units are identical to the
units issued by us to our sponsor in the private placement. The Conversion Units and their underlying securities are entitled to the registration
rights set forth in the Working Capital Note. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as
it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private units and units issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, such as
the Conversion Units. 

32 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a
relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of David Adelman, Merry Tang,
and David Knower is an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees
and Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to UHY, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by UHY in
connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of UHY for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled approximately
 161,000 and 30,000, respectively. The aggregate fees of UHY related to audit services in connection with our initial public offering
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled approximately
 0 and 80,000, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation
and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from June 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay UHY any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

We did not pay UHY for tax
services, planning or advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31,
2021. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay UHY for any
other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

33 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement
Schedules. 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial
Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F - 1 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F - 2 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from June 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F - 3 Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from June 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F - 4 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from June 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F - 5 Notes to Financial Statements for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from June 18, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F - 6 to F - 20 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in
the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on
the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

34 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

AIB Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of AIB Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations,
shareholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 18, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from June 18, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no
revenue and it incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to
incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company s cash and working capital
as of December 31, 2022, are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for the upcoming year. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and
management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

, New York 

March 29, 2023 

F- 1 

Financial Statements: 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses - current 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Deferred offering costs 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES, AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Note payable - related party 

Advance from related party 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Deferred underwriting fee 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 6) 

REDEEMABLE CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value, at redemption value of per share at December 31, 2022 

SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Class B ordinary shares; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES, AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from June 18, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares of redeemable Class A ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A redeemable

Weighted average shares of non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A non-redeemable

Weighted average shares of Class B ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
(DEFICIT) EQUITY 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total shareholders 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, June 18, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering (net of offering costs) 

Sale of Private Units 

Representative Shares Issuance 

Excess Value of Unit Purchase Option 

Accretion for Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value 

Subsequent accretion for Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from June 18, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited to Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payment of offering costs 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters discount 

Proceeds from private placement 

Advances from related party 

Proceeds from notes payable - related party 

Repayment of Sponsor loan 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting commissions payable charged to additional paid in capital 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Advance to related party offset against advance from related party 

Deferred offering cost paid by the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred offering costs paid by note payable related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

units Units with respect to the Class A ordinary shares Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units being offered (the Public Shares at per Unit generating gross proceeds
of , which is discussed in Note 3. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

private placement units Private Placement Units at a price of
 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, AIB, LLC (the Sponsor ), and
Maxim Group, LLC Maxim generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 4. 

additional Units
upon receiving notice of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its overallotment option Overallotment Units ),
generating additional gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the
private placement of an additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor and Maxim, generating gross proceeds of . 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees
payable (which are held in the Trust Account (defined below)), for the underwriter s unit purchase option (see Note 6),
 for the issuance of representative shares to the underwriters (see Note 7) and of other costs. As described in Note
6, the of deferred underwriting fees payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination, subject to the
terms of the underwriting agreement. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO, Overallotment
Units, and the Private Placement Units were placed in a trust account Trust Account ). The amounts placed in the Trust Account
will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of
Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business
Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

F- 6 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amounts
due under the business combination marketing agreement and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement
to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance
the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

per Public Share, plus
any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). 

, the Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the balance sheet until such
date that a redemption event takes place. 

F- 7 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

of its Public Shares
if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their shares of Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

On January 19, 2023, upon the shareholders 
approval of the Trust Amendment Proposal, the Company entered into an amendment (the Trust Amendment to the Investment
Management Trust Agreement, dated January 18, 2022 (the Trust Agreement ), by and between the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, as trustee Continental ), to extend the date by which the Company would be required to consummate
a business combination from January 21, 2023 to October 21, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors of the
Company (the Board ), in its sole discretion (see Note 9). 

to AIB LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, the Company s sponsor (the Extension Funds ), pursuant to which the Extension Funds
will be deposited into the Trust Account in monthly installments for the benefit of each outstanding Class A ordinary share of the Company Public Share that was not redeemed in connection with the extension of the Company s termination date from January
21, 2023 to October 21, 2023. The sponsor has agreed to pay per month (or per public share not redeemed) that the Company
decides to take to complete an initial business combination, commencing on January 21, 2023 and continuing through October 21, 2023, or
portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination, for up to an aggregate of . On January 20, 2023,
the first installment of the Extension Funds was deposited into the Trust Account (see Note 9). The Extension Note bears no interest and
is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the initial business combination, and (b) the date of the
liquidation of the Company. 

shares of the Company s ordinary shares
exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, 
(approximately per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders (Note 9). 

F- 8 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

per share initially held in the Trust Account.
In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any
claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has
discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect
to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims
of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company
does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the
Trust Account. 

excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and
certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares
repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted
to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable
year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been
given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act
applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

F- 9 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

in its operating bank account, and working capital deficit of . 

to its sponsor, pursuant to which the Extension
Funds will be deposited into the Trust Account in monthly installments for the benefit of each outstanding Public Share that was not redeemed
in connection with the extension of the Company s termination date from January 21, 2023 to October 21, 2023. The sponsor has agreed
to pay per month (or per public share not redeemed) that the Company decides to take to complete an initial business combination,
commencing on January 21, 2023 and continuing through October 21, 2023, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business
combination, for up to an aggregate of . On January 20, 2023, the first installment of the Extension Funds was deposited into
the Trust Account (see Note 9). The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the
consummation of the initial business combination, and (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

to the Sponsor. The 2023 Note
was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor has made, and may make in the future, to the Company for working capital expenses.
The 2023 Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its
initial business combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. At the election of the Sponsor, up to
 of the unpaid principal amount of the 2023 Note may be converted into units of the Company, each unit consisting of one Class
A ordinary share of the Maker and one right exchangeable into one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share of the Company (the Conversion
Units ), equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of this 2023 Note being converted, divided by (y) , rounded up
to the nearest whole number of units. The Conversion Units are identical to the units issued by the Company to the Sponsor in the private
placement upon consummation of the Company s initial public offering. The Conversion Units and their underlying securities are entitled
to the registration rights set forth in the Note (see Note 9). 

F- 10 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

F- 11 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

and in cash and did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(including accrued interest on investments purchased
on October 27, 2022 maturing on of which was reinvested and was held in Cash in the Trust Account. 
was also recognized as unrealized gain on investments held in the Trust account during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no
withdrawals made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheet. There were
no Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Rights at issuance 

Class A shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, January 21, 2022 

Plus: Subsequent accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

which were
charged against shareholders deficit upon the completion of the IPO. 

F- 12 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company has not
experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Class A ordinary shares for which the outstanding Public Rights and Private Placement Rights are exercisable were excluded from diluted
earnings per share for the period ended December 31, 2022 because they are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet
been met. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the period. The table
below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share for each class of
shares. 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net income including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding including ordinary shares subject to redemption

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

F- 13 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net loss 

Denominator: 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding including ordinary shares subject to redemption

Basic and diluted net loss per share

Units (including Overallotment Units) at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share
of Class A ordinary shares and one right (the Public Rights ). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of a Business Combination (see Note 7). 

Private Placement Units (including Private Placement Units purchased simultaneously with the Overallotment Units) in a
private placement transaction at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of to the Sponsor Private Placement Units) and Maxim Private Placement Units). Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of
Class A ordinary shares and one right (the Private Placement Rights ). Each Private Placement Right will entitle the holder
thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary Private Placement Share share upon the consummation of a Business
Combination. 

Founder Shares for an aggregate price of . (See Note 7). On September 13, 2021, the Company effected a 0.5-for-1
split of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, such that the Sponsor owned Founder Shares. The Founder Shares will automatically
convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain
transfer restrictions, as described in Note 7. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B ordinary shares
into an equal number of shares of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment, at any time. The Initial Shareholders agreed to forfeit
up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. Since the overallotment
option was exercised in full, the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

F- 14 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that
results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or
other property. 

per month for the use of office and administrative support services following the consummation of the
IPO until the earlier of the consummation of the Business combination or liquidation for office space and administrative services. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid fees for these services. For the period from June 18, 2021 (Inception)
through December 31, 2021, no amounts have been accrued under this agreement. 

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to the First Note. The First
Note is non-interest bearing. On January 21, 2022, the First Note was repaid in full. 

million of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per unit. These units
would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were no Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

per Public Share or an aggregate
of ), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension. Any such payments would be made in
the form of a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note. Such notes would be paid upon consummation of a Business Combination. The
Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete a Business
Combination. 

F- 15 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

to the Sponsor, the Company s Sponsor, pursuant
to which the Extension Funds will be deposited into the Trust Account in monthly installments for the benefit of each outstanding Public
Share that was not redeemed in connection with the extension of the Company s termination date from January 21, 2023 to October
21, 2023 (see Note 9). 

to the Sponsor. The Third Note was issued in connection with
advances the Sponsor has made, and may make in the future, to the Company for working capital expenses (see Note 9). 

on behalf of the Company. Amounts due from the Sponsor amounting to was offset
against the advance. is included in advance from related party on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if
any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On January 21, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment
option and purchased Units at per Unit. 

per unit, or in the aggregate (including the Overallotment Units), upon the closing of the
IPO. An additional per unit, or in the aggregate, is payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions.
The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 16 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

of the economics; or, in the case of a three-handed deal of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity,
convertible and debt offerings for the Company or any of the Company s successors or subsidiaries. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(E)(i),
such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the IPO. 

, an option to purchase up to a total of Units exercisable, in whole or in part, at per Unit, commencing on the
consummation of our initial Business Combination (the Unit Purchase Option ). The purchase option may be exercised for
cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires from January 18, 2022. The option and the Units,
as well as the shares of Class A ordinary shares, and the rights to receive shares of Class A ordinary shares upon
a Business Combination that may be issued upon exercise of the option, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject
to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following January 18, 2022 pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s Rules, during
which time the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative
or put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities. Additionally, the option may not be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following January 18, 2022
except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants
to holders demand and piggy-back rights of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the underwriters and their related persons may not (i) have more than one demand registration right at
our expense, (ii) exercise their demand registration rights more than five (5) years from January 18, 2022, and (iii) exercise their piggy-back 
registration rights more than seven (7) years from January 18, 2022. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering
the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of
units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or our
recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of ordinary
shares at a price below its exercise price. The Company has no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of the purchase option or the
rights underlying the purchase option. The holder of the purchase option will not be entitled to exercise the purchase option unless a
registration statement covering the securities underlying the purchase option is effective or an exemption from registration is available.
If the holder is unable to exercise the purchase option or underlying rights, the purchase option or rights, as applicable, will expire
worthless. 

cash payment, as an expense of the IPO resulting in a charge directly to shareholder s
deficit. The Company estimated the fair value of Unit Purchase Option to be based a binomial model. 

shares of preference shares with a par value of per shares with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

shares of Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. . As of December 31, 2022 there were shares of Class A ordinary shares
outstanding (excluding shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption) and none were outstanding as of December
31, 2021. 

shares of Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 shares of Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 

F- 17 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of ordinary shares outstanding upon
the completion of the IPO plus all shares of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the
initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of
loans made to the Company). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B ordinary shares into an equal
number of shares of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

F- 18 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

F- 19 

AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

to its sponsor, pursuant to which the Extension Funds will be deposited into
the Trust Account in monthly installments for the benefit of each outstanding Public Share that was not redeemed in connection with the
extension of the Company s termination date from January 21, 2023 to October 21, 2023. The sponsor has agreed to pay per
month (or per public share not redeemed) that the Company decides to take to complete an initial business combination, commencing
on January 21, 2023 and continuing through October 21, 2023, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination,
for up to an aggregate of . On January 20, 2023, the first installment of the Extension Funds was deposited into the Trust Account
(see Note 9). The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the
initial business combination, and (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

per
month into the Trust Account, which equates to approximately per remaining Public Share, for each calendar month (commencing on
January 21, 2023 and on the 21st day of each subsequent month) until October 21, 2023, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete
an initial business combination, for up to an aggregate of . On January 20, 2023, the first installment of the Extension Funds
was deposited into the Trust Account. 

shares of the Company s
ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account.
As a result, (approximately per share) will be removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. 

to the Sponsor. The Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor has made, and
may make in the future, to the Company for working capital expenses. The Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier
to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of the
Company is effective. At the election of the Sponsor, up to of the unpaid principal amount of the Note may be converted into
units of the Company, each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share of the Maker and one right exchangeable into one-tenth of one
Class A ordinary share of the Company (the Conversion Units ), equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of this
Note being converted, divided by (y) , rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. The Conversion Units are identical to the
units issued by the Company to the Sponsor in the private placement upon consummation of the Company s initial public offering.
The Conversion Units and their underlying securities are entitled to the registration rights set forth in the Note. 

F- 20 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC. (4) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (2) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. (6) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent. (4) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. (5) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated December 31, 2021, issued to AIB LLC. (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (4) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated July 30, 2021, between the Registrant and AIB LLC. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Maxim Unit Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and between the Company and Maxim. (4) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Unit Purchase Option, dated January 21, 2022, issued by the Company to Maxim Partners LLC. (4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (2) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 18, 2022, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2023. (6) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Promissory Note issued to AIB LLC, dated January 20, 2023. (6) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Promissory Note issued to AIB LLC, dated January 23, 2023. (7) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (1) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (1) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document
and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260594), filed with the SEC on October 29, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-260594), filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-260594), filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 24, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2023. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2023. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 29, 2023 
 AIB ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Eric Chen 

Name: 
 Eric Chen 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Eric Chen 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Eric Chen 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Axel Hoerger 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Axel Hoerger 

/s/ Jie Gao 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Jie Gao 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ David Adelman 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 David Adelman 

/s/ Merry Tang 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Merry Tang 

Independent Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 David Knower 

36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_aibacquis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Eric Chen, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AIB Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer[s] and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant[, including its consolidated subsidiaries], is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer[s] and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Eric Chen 

Eric Chen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_aibacquis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jie Gao, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AIB Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer[s] and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, [including its consolidated subsidiaries], is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer[s] and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jie Gao 

Jie Gao 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_aibacquis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of AIB Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric Chen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Eric Chen 

Eric Chen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_aibacquis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of AIB Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jie Gao, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jie Gao 

Jie Gao 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aib-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 aib-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aib-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aib-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aib-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

