<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1137547_0001137547-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20788544</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>286539</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6185407</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7656705</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3230939</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3050114</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001137547-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329165650
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001137547-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED SECURITY BANCSHARES
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001137547
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				912112732
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32897
		FILM NUMBER:		23775945

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2126 INYO STREET
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93721
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5592484930

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2126 INYO STREET
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93721

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001137547-23-000012.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 ubfo-20221231.htm
 10-K

ubfo-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 . 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO . 
 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 CALIFORNIA (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Common Stock, no par value UBFO Nasdaq 
 (Title of Class) (Trading Symbol) (Exchange) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrants knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a small reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Small reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter - June 30, 2022: 
 Shares outstanding as of February 28, 2023: 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED SECURITY BANCSHARES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I: Item 1 - Business 
 4 
 Item 1A - Risk Factors 1 7 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 Item 2 - Properties 
 17 
 Item 3 - Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 PART II: Item 5 - Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6 - [Reserved] 19 
 Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 Item 9 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 90 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 90 
 Item 9B Other Information Item 9 C Disclosures Rega rd ing F oreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 91 
 PART III: Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 91 
 Item 11 - Executive Compensation 
 91 
 Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 91 
 Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 91 
 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 91 
 PART IV: Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 92 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART 1 
 
 Certain matters discussed or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report including, but not limited to, those described in Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Report that are not clearly historical in nature are forward-looking, and the words anticipate, assume, intend, believe, forecast, expect, estimate, plan, continue, will, should, look forward and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in them. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to: 
 
 the impacts on the Company s markets and customers of severe weather or natural disasters, such as wildfires, earthquakes, drought, or flood; 
 the impacts of supply chain disruption and inflation on our customers, employees, and suppliers; 
 asset/liability matching risks and liquidity risks; 
 volatility and devaluation in the securities markets; 
 our ability to compete effectively against other financial service providers in our markets; 
 the effect of the current interest rate environment or impact of changes in interest rates or levels of market activity, especially on the fair value of our loan and investment portfolio; 
 economic deterioration or a recession that may affect the ability of borrowers to make contractual payments on loans and may affect the value of real property or other property held as collateral for such loans, including the value of other real estate owned; 
 changes in credit quality and the effect of credit quality on our allowance for loan and lease losses; 
 our ability to attract and retain deposits and other sources of funding or liquidity; 
 the need to retain capital for strategic or regulatory reasons; 
 the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our business, business strategies, and cost of operations; 
 compression of the net interest margin due to changes in the interest rate environment, forward yield curves, loan products offered, spreads on newly originated loans, and leases and/or asset mix; 
 reduced demand for our services due to strategic or regulatory reasons; 
 our ability to successfully execute on initiatives relating to enhancements of our technology infrastructure, including client-facing systems and applications; 
 information security breaches; 
 legislative or regulatory requirements or changes, including an increase to capital requirements, change in tax policy, and increased political and regulatory uncertainty; 
 the impact on our reputation and business from our interactions with business partners, counterparties, service providers, and other third parties; 
 higher than anticipated increases in operating expenses; 
 inability for the Bank to pay dividends to the Holding Company; 
 a deterioration in the overall macroeconomic conditions or the state of the banking industry that could warrant further analysis of the carrying value of goodwill and could result in an adjustment to its carrying value resulting in a non-cash charge; 
 the effectiveness of our risk management framework and quantitative models; 
 the costs and effects of legal, compliance, and regulatory actions, changes, and developments, including the impact of adverse judgments or settlements in litigation, the initiation and resolution of regulatory or other governmental inquiries or investigations, and/or the results of regulatory examinations or reviews; 
 the impact of the changes in tax laws or regulations on our business and business strategies, or if other changes are made to tax laws or regulations affecting our business, including the disallowance of tax benefits by tax authorities and/or changes in tax filing jurisdictions or entity classifications; and 
 our success at managing risks involved in the foregoing items and all other risk factors described in our audited consolidated financial statements, and other risk factors described in this Report and other documents filed or furnished by the Company with the SEC. 
 
 Therefore, the information set forth therein should be carefully considered when evaluating the business prospects of the Company. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1 - Business 
 
 General 
 
 United Security Bancshares is a California corporation incorporated in March 2001 and is registered with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA ). The stock of United Security Bancshares is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol UBFO. 
 
 United Security Bank was chartered under the laws of the State of California in 1987 as a commercial bank. On June 12, 2001, United Security Bank reorganized into the bank holding company form of ownership and thereby became the wholly-owned subsidiary of United Security Bancshares and each share of United Security Bank stock was exchanged for a share of United Security Bancshares stock on a one-for-one basis. The principal business of United Security Bancshares is to serve as the holding company for United Security Bank. 
 
 References to the Bank refer to United Security Bank together with its wholly-owned subsidiary, York Monterey Properties. References to we, us, or the Company refer to United Security Bancshares together with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. References to the Holding Company, refer to United Security Bancshares, the parent company, on a stand-alone basis. 
 
 United Security Bank 
 
 The Bank is a California state-chartered bank headquartered in Fresno, California. At December 31, 2022, the Bank operates three branches (including its main office), one construction lending office, and one commercial lending office in Fresno, California and one branch each in Oakhurst, Caruthers, San Joaquin, Firebaugh, Coalinga, Bakersfield, Taft, Campbell, and Mendota California. The Bank has Interactive Teller Machines (ITMs) at all branch locations and four off-site ITMs and five off-site ATMs at nine different non-branch locations. In addition, the Holding Company and the Bank have administrative headquarters located at 2126 Inyo Street, Fresno, California, 93721. 
 
 York Monterey Properties, Inc. 
 
 York Monterey Properties, Inc. YMP was incorporated in California on April 17, 2019, for the purpose of holding specific parcels of real estate acquired by the Bank through, or in lieu of, foreclosures in Monterey County. These properties exceeded the 10-year regulatory holding period for other real estate owned, or OREO. YMP was funded with a 250,000 cash investment and the transfer of those parcels by the Bank to YMP. In December 2021 805,000 in additional funding was transferred to YMP to fund estimated expenses over a five-year period. As of December 31, 2022, these properties are included within the consolidated balance sheets as part of other real estate owned. 
 
 USB Capital Trust II 
 
 During July 2007, the Company formed USB Capital Trust II as a wholly-owned special purpose entity for the purpose of issuing Trust Preferred Securities. USB Capital Trust II is a Variable Interest Entity (VIE) and a deconsolidated entity pursuant to current accounting standards related to variable interest entities. On July 23, 2007, USB Capital Trust II issued 15 million in Trust Preferred Securities. These securities have a thirty-year maturity and bear a floating rate of interest (repricing quarterly) of 1.29 over the three-month LIBOR rate. Interest is payable quarterly. Concurrent with the issuance of the Trust Preferred Securities, USB Capital Trust II used the proceeds of the Trust Preferred Securities offering to purchase a like amount of junior subordinated debentures issued by the Company. The Company pays interest on the junior subordinated debentures to USB Capital Trust II, which represents the sole source of dividend distributions to the holders of the Trust Preferred Securities. During 2015, 3.0 million of the 15.0 million principal balance of the subordinated debentures related to the Trust Preferred Securities was purchased by the Bank and subsequently purchased by the Company from the Bank. The Company redeemed the 3.0 million in par value of the subordinated debentures, resulting in a remaining contractual principal balance of 12.0 million since year-end 2015. The Company may redeem the junior subordinated debentures at any time at par. 
 
 The following discussion of services should be read in conjunction with Item 7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 Bank Services 
 
 The Bank offers a full range of commercial banking services primarily to the business and professional community and individuals located in Fresno, Madera, Kern, and Santa Clara Counties, including a variety of deposit instruments including 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 personal and business checking accounts and savings accounts, interest-bearing negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) accounts, money market accounts, and time certificates of deposit. Most deposits are comprised of accounts from individuals and from small- and medium-sized business-related sources. Time deposits represent 5.0 and 5.7 of total deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Bank also offers a full complement of lending activities, including real estate mortgage (68.5 and 64.2 of total loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively), commercial and industrial (6.1 and 5.2 of total loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021), real estate construction (15.5 and 17.7 of total loans at December 31, 2022, respectively), agricultural (5.4 and 6.9 of total loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively), and installment loans (4.5 and 5.9 of total loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, resp). Approximately 84.0 of the Bank s loans are secured by real estate at December 31, 2022 and 2021. A loan may be secured (in whole or in part) by real estate even though the purpose of the loan is not to facilitate the purchase or development of real estate. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had total loans (net of unearned fees) outstanding of 980.2 million, which represented approximately 84.1 of total deposits and approximately 75.4 of total assets. At December 31, 2021, the Bank had total loans (net of unearned fees) outstanding of 871.5 million, representing approximately 73.4 of total deposits and 65.5 of total assets. 
 
 Real estate mortgage loans are secured by deeds of trust primarily on commercial property. The repayment of real estate mortgage loans generally is from the cash flow of the borrower. Commercial and industrial loans are diversified by industry. Loans may be originated in the Bank s market area, purchased, or participated with other financial institutions outside the market area. A substantial portion of commercial and industrial loans are secured by accounts receivable, inventory, leases, or other collateral. The remainder are unsecured. However, extensions of credit are predicated on the financial capacity of the borrower to repay. Repayment of commercial loans is generally from the cash flow of the borrower. Real estate construction loans consist of loans to residential and commercial contractors, which are secured by single-family residential or multi-family properties. All real estate loans have established equity requirements. The repayment of real estate construction loans is generally from long-term mortgages with other lending institutions. Agricultural loans are generally secured by land, equipment, inventory, and receivables. Repayment of agricultural loans is generally from the expected cash flow of the borrower. 
 
 While the Bank has a high concentration of commercial real estate loans, it is not in the business of making residential mortgage loans to individuals. Residential mortgage loans totaled 273.4 million, or 27.9 of the portfolio at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, mortgage loans totaled 226.9 million and represented 26.1 of the portfolio. The residential mortgage loan portfolio is primarily comprised of purchased fixed-rate 30-year residential mortgage pools. The Bank does not originate, or have in the loan portfolio, any subprime, Alt-A, or option adjustable-rate loans. The Bank does originate interest-only loans which are generally revolving lines of credit to commercial and agricultural businesses or for real estate development where the borrowers business may be seasonal or cash flows may be restricted until the completion of the project. In addition, the Bank has restructured certain loans to allow the borrower to continue to perform on the loan under a troubled debt restructuring plan. 
 
 Loan participations are purchased from and sold to other financial institutions. The underwriting standards for loan participations and purchases are the same as non-participated loans, and are subject to the same limitations, collateral requirements, and borrower requirements. As of December 31, 2022, purchased participation loans totaled 9.4 million. There were 9.6 million purchased loan participations held at December 31, 2021. Loan participations sold comprised 1.0 and 0.6 of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Bank makes various loan commitments, including granting customers collateralized and uncollateralized lines of credit, and incurs certain contingent liabilities. Due to the nature of the business of the Bank s customers, there is no absolute predictability to the utilization of unused loan commitments, including collateralized and uncollateralized lines of credit, and, therefore, it is not possible to forecast the extent to which these commitments will be exercised within the current year. While no assurance can be provided, it is not believed that any such utilization will constitute a material liquidity demand. 
 
 In addition to the loan and deposit services discussed above, the Bank also offers a wide range of specialized services designed to attract and service the needs of commercial customers and account holders. These services include online banking, mobile banking, safe deposit boxes, wire transfers, ITM services, ATM services, payroll direct deposit, cashier s checks, and cash management services. While the Bank does not operate a trust department, arrangements with correspondent banks for trust services can be requested. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Competition and Market Share 
 
 The banking business in California as well as the Bank s market area is highly competitive with respect to both loans and deposits. The Bank competes for loans and deposits with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, money market funds, credit unions, and other financial institutions. The Bank competes for loans and deposits by offering competitive interest rates and by seeking to provide a higher level of personalized service than is generally offered by larger competitors. Regulatory restrictions on interstate bank branching and acquisitions and on the provision of certain financial services, such as securities underwriting and insurance, have been reduced or eliminated. The availability of online and mobile banking services continues to expand. Changes in laws and regulations governing the financial services industry cannot be predicted; however, past legislation has served to intensify the competitive environment. Many of the major commercial banks operating in the Bank s market areas offer certain services, such as trust and wealth management services, which the Bank does not offer directly. In addition, banks with larger capitalization have larger lending limits and are thereby able to serve larger customers. 
 
 The Bank s primary market areas are Fresno, Madera, Santa Clara, and Kern County, California. There are 58 FDIC-insured financial institutions competing for business in those areas. The following table sets forth information regarding deposit market share and ranking by county as of June 30, 2022, which is the most current information available. 
 Rank Share Fresno County 9th 4.57 Madera County 6th 7.05 Kern County 13th 0.80 Santa Clara County 41st 0.01 Total of Fresno, Madera, Kern, and Santa Clara Counties 20th 0.33 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 
 Banking is a complex, highly regulated industry. Federal and state laws and the regulations of the federal and state bank regulatory agencies govern most aspects of a bank s business, including capital adequacy ratios, reserves against deposits, limitations on the nature and amount of loans which may be made, the location of branch offices, borrowings, and dividends. The primary goals of banking laws and regulations are to maintain a safe and sound banking system, to protect depositors and the FDIC s insurance fund, and to facilitate the conduct of sound monetary policy. In furtherance of these goals, Congress and the States have created several largely autonomous regulatory agencies and enacted numerous laws that govern banks, bank holding companies, and the financial services industry. Consequently, the growth and earnings performance of the Company and the Bank can be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements of applicable state and federal statutes, regulations, and the policies of various governmental regulatory authorities, including: 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC 
 The California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, or DFPI 
 The Federal Reserve Board, or FRB 
 
 Changes in applicable law or regulations, and in their application by the regulatory agencies, whether as the result of changes in the political climate or otherwise, cannot be predicted and may have a material effect on the business, operations, and financial results of the Company or the Bank. 
 
 Described below are elements of selected laws and regulations applicable to the Company and/or the Bank. The descriptions are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes and regulations described. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ),which was enacted in 2010, significantly revised and expanded the rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority of the federal bank regulatory agencies. The numerous rules and regulations being promulgated pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act are impacting banks operations and compliance costs. Provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act include: revisions in the deposit insurance assessment base for FDIC insurance and the permanent increase in deposit insurance coverage to 250,000; reduced interchange fees on debit card transactions; interest payments on business checking accounts; the removal of barriers to interstate branching; and required disclosure and shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation. Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act include: 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Capital Requirements . The Dodd-Frank Act: increased the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio from 4.00 to 6.00 of risk-weighted assets; created a new category and required 4.50 of risk-weighted assets ratio for common equity Tier 1 as a subset of Tier 1 capital limited to common equity; established a minimum non-risk-based leverage ratio set at 4.00 , eliminating a 3.00 exception for higher rated banks; changed the permitted composition of Tier 1 capital to exclude trust preferred securities (unless issued prior to May 19, 2010 by a bank holding company with less than 15 billion in assets), mortgage servicing rights and certain deferred tax assets and included unrealized gains and losses on available for sale debt and equity securities; added an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets over each of the required capital ratios, which must be met to avoid limitations on the ability to pay dividends, repurchase shares or pay discretionary bonuses; changed the risk weights of certain assets for purposes of calculating the risk-based capital ratios for high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans, certain past due non-residential mortgage loans and certain mortgage-backed and other securities exposures. 
 Deposit Insurance . The Dodd-Frank Act broadened the base for FDIC insurance assessments. Assessments are now based on the average consolidated total assets less tangible equity capital of a financial institution. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the FDIC to increase the reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund to 1.35 of insured deposits and eliminates the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to insured depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds. 
 Corporate Governance . The Dodd-Frank Act directed the federal banking regulators to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of depository institutions and their holding companies with assets in excess of 1.0 billion. 
 Interstate Branching . The Dodd-Frank Act authorized national and state banks to establish branches in other states to the same extent as a bank chartered by that state would be permitted to branch. 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . The Dodd-Frank Act created an independent federal agency called the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), which has been granted broad rulemaking, supervisory, and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth in Lending Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Consumer Financial Privacy provisions of the GLBA, and certain other statutes. The CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to depository institutions with 10 billion or more in assets. Smaller institutions are subject to rules promulgated by the CFPB but are still examined and supervised by their federal banking regulators for consumer compliance purposes. The CFPB has authority to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive practices in connection with the offering of consumer financial products. The Dodd-Frank Act authorized the CFPB to establish certain minimum standards for the origination of residential mortgages including a determination of the borrower s ability to repay. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act allows borrowers to raise certain defenses to foreclosure if they receive any loan other than a qualified mortgage as defined by the CFPB. The Dodd- Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and standards that are more stringent than those adopted at the federal level and, in certain circumstances, permits state attorneys general to enforce compliance with both the state and federal laws and regulations. 
 Final Volcker Rule . In December 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies adopted final rules that implemented a part of the Dodd-Frank Act commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule. The final rules were amended in October 2019. Under these rules and subject to certain exceptions, banking entities, including the Bank, are restricted from engaging in activities that are considered proprietary trading and from sponsoring or investing in certain entities, including hedge or private equity funds that are considered covered funds. Banks that do not have significant trading activities, such as the Bank, will be assumed to operate under a presumption of compliance. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also resulted in the creation of a new systemic risk oversight body, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the FSOC to oversee and coordinate the efforts of the primary U.S financial regulatory agencies in establishing regulations to address financial stability matters. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted under the administration of former President Barack Obama and many of the rules and regulations implementing the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act were enacted during that administration. The subsequent administration under President Donald Trump sought to roll-back key pieces of the Dodd-Frank Act in an effort to loosen regulatory restrictions on financial institutions including, but not limited to, easing the Volker Rule, stress tests, and other constraints on financial institutions. The Biden administration has expressed a commitment to reemphasize restrictions on financial institutions which were loosened during the previous administration. The Company cannot predict which provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will be repealed, put in to effect, delayed, or enforced and, therefore, cannot predict the effect, if any, that the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations promulgated thereunder or actions initiated by the Biden administration will have on its future results of operations and financial condition. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

The Company 
 
 General 
 
 The Company is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is registered with, and regulated and examined by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or FRB. The Company is subject to regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In addition, as the Company lists its common stock on Nasdaq, it is subject to the listing standards and rules of Nasdaq. 
 
 Source of Strength 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act codified existing FRB policy requiring the Company to act as a source of financial strength to the Bank, and to commit resources to support the Bank in circumstances where it might not otherwise do so. However, because the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA provides for functional regulation of financial holding company activities by various regulators, the GLBA prohibits the FRB from requiring payment by a holding company to a depository institution if the functional regulator of the depository institution objects to the payment. In those cases, the FRB could instead require the divestiture of the depository institution and impose operating restrictions pending the divestiture. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, non-bank subsidiaries of a holding company that engage in activities permissible for an insured depository institution must be examined and regulated in a manner that are at least as stringent as if the activities were conducted by the lead depository institution of the holding company. 
 
 Bank Holding Company Liquidity 
 
 As a legal entity, separate and distinct from the Bank, the Company must rely on its own resources to pay its operating expenses and dividends to its shareholders. In addition to raising capital on its own behalf or borrowing from external sources, the Company may also obtain funds from dividends paid by, and fees charged for services provided to, the Bank. However, statutory and regulatory constraints on the Bank may restrict or totally preclude the payment of dividends by the Bank to the Company. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders 
 
 The Company and any subsidiaries it may purchase or organize are deemed to be affiliates of the Bank within the meaning of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, and the FRB s Regulation W. Under Sections 23A and 23B and Regulation W, loans by the Bank to affiliates, investments by them in affiliates stock, and taking affiliates stock as collateral for loans to any borrower is limited to 10 of the Bank s capital, in the case of any one affiliate, and is limited to 20 of the Bank s capital, in the case of all affiliates. In addition, transactions between the Bank and any affiliates must be on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices and substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving non-affiliates. In particular, a bank and its subsidiaries generally may not purchase from an affiliate a low-quality asset, as defined in the Federal Reserve Act. These restrictions also prevent a bank holding company and a bank subsidiary s other affiliates from borrowing from the bank subsidiary unless the loans are secured by marketable collateral of designated amounts. 
 
 The Company and the Bank are also subject to certain restrictions with respect to engaging in the underwriting, public sale and distribution of securities. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Act and FRB Regulation O place limitations and conditions on loans or extensions of credit to a bank or bank holding company s executive officers, directors and principal shareholders; any company controlled by any such executive officer, director or shareholder; or any political or campaign committee controlled by such executive officer, director or principal shareholder. Additionally, such loans or extensions of credit must comply with loan-to-one-borrower limits; require prior full board approval when aggregate extensions of credit to the person exceed specified amounts; must be made on substantially the same and follow credit-underwriting procedures no less stringent than those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-insiders; must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment, or present other unfavorable features; and must not exceed the bank s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus in the aggregate. 
 
 Limitations on Business and Investment Activities 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Under the BHCA, a bank holding company must obtain the FRB s approval before: (i) directly or indirectly acquiring more than 5 ownership or control of any voting shares of another bank or bank holding company; (ii) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of another bank; (iii) or merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. 
 
 The FRB may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks located in any state of the United States without regard to whether the acquisition is prohibited by the law of the state in which the target bank is located. In approving interstate acquisitions however, the FRB must give effect to applicable state laws limiting the aggregate amount of deposits that may be held by the acquiring bank holding company and its insured depository institutions in the state in which the target bank is located, provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state depository institutions or their holding companies, and state laws which require that the target bank have been in existence for a minimum period of time, not to exceed five years, before being acquired by an out-of-state bank holding company. 
 
 In addition to owning or managing banks, bank holding companies may own subsidiaries engaged in certain businesses that the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. The Holding Company, therefore, is permitted to engage in a variety of banking-related businesses. 
 
 Additionally, qualifying bank holding companies making an appropriate election to the FRB may engage in a full range of financial activities, including insurance, securities, and merchant banking. The Company has not elected to qualify for these financial services. 
 
 Federal law prohibits a bank holding company and any subsidiary banks from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with the extension of credit. Thus, for example, the Bank may not extend credit, lease or sell property, or furnish any services, or fix or vary the consideration for any of the foregoing on the condition that: 
 
 the customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property, or services from or to the Bank other than a loan, discount, deposit or trust services; 
 the customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property, or service from or to the Company or any subsidiaries; or 
 the customer must not obtain some other credit, property, or services from competitors, except reasonable requirements to assure soundness of credit extended. 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 
 Bank holding companies must maintain minimum levels of capital under the FRB s risk-based capital adequacy guidelines. If capital falls below minimum guideline levels, a bank holding company, among other things, may be denied approval to acquire or establish additional banks or non-bank businesses. 
 
 The FRB s risk-based capital adequacy guidelines, discussed in more detail below in the section entitled The Bank - Capital Standards, assign various risk percentages or weights to different categories of assets and capital is measured as a percentage of risk-weighted assets. Under the terms of the guidelines, bank holding companies are expected to meet capital adequacy guidelines based both on total risk-weighted assets and on total assets, without regard to risk weights. 
 
 The risk-based guidelines are minimum requirements. Higher capital levels will be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual organizations. For example, the FRB s capital guidelines contemplate that additional capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk, or the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities or securities trading activities. Moreover, any banking organization experiencing or anticipating significant growth or expansion into new activities, particularly under the expanded powers under the GLBA, would be expected to maintain capital ratios, including tangible capital positions, well above the minimum levels. 
 
 Limitations on Dividend Payments 
 
 As applicable to the Company, California Corporations Code Section 500 provides that neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall make a distribution to the Company s shareholders unless the board of directors has determined in good faith that either: 
 
 The amount of retained earnings of the Company immediately prior to the distribution equals or exceeds the sum of (A) the amount of the proposed distribution plus (B) the preferential dividends arrears amount; or 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Immediately after the distribution, the value of the Company s assets would equal or exceed the sum of its total liabilities plus the preferential rights amount. 
 
 Additionally, the FRB s policy regarding dividends provides that a bank holding company should not pay cash dividends exceeding its net income for the past year or which can only be funded in ways that weaken the bank holding company s financial health, such as by borrowing. The FRB also possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. 
 
 Securities Registration and Listing 
 
 The Company s common stock is registered with the SEC under the Exchange Act and, as a result, is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading, corporate governance, and other disclosure requirements and restrictions of the Exchange Act, as well as the Securities Act, both administered by the SEC. The Company is required to file annual, quarterly and other current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site, http://www.sec.gov, where SEC filings may be accessed. The SEC filings are also available on the Bank s website at http://investors.unitedsecuritybank.com/Docs. 
 
 The Company s common stock is listed on Nasdaq and trades under the symbol UBFO. The Company is subject to Nasdaq standards for listed companies. Nasdaq has adopted corporate governance rules, which are intended to allow shareholders and investors to more easily and efficiently monitor the performance of companies and their directors. 
 
 The Bank 
 
 General 
 
 As a California state-chartered bank and a member of the FRB, the Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the FRB and the DFPI. The Bank is subject to California laws insofar as they are not preempted by federal banking law. Deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits in an amount up to 250,000 per customer and, as such, the Bank is subject to the applicable provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations of the FDIC. As a consequence of the extensive regulation of commercial banking activities in California and the United States, the Bank s business is particularly susceptible to changes in California and federal legislation and regulation, which may have the effect of increasing the cost of doing business, limiting permissible activities or increasing competition. 
 
 Capital Standards 
 
 Federal regulations require FDIC-insured depository institutions, including the Bank, to maintain adequate capital based on the size, asset composition, and complexity of the institution. Generally, FDIC-insured depository institutions must maintain several minimum capital ratios: a common equity tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio; a tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio; a total capital to risk-based assets; and a tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio. These ratios involve complex calculations of various categories of capital and various categories of assets. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandates and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the institution s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2020, pursuant to the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, enacted in May 2018, the Federal regulatory agencies adopted simplified capital requirements for certain qualifying community banking organizations. Depository institutions and depository institution holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria, including a leverage ratio (equal to tier 1 capital divided by average total consolidated assets) of greater than 9 percent, are eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework. Qualifying community banking organizations that elect to use the community bank leverage ratio framework and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than 9 percent are considered to have satisfied the applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the agencies capital rules and are considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements. Institutions that cease meeting the qualifying criteria have two calendar quarters within which to re-qualify, so long as the institution maintains a leverage ratio of greater than 8 percent during the grace period. 
 
 The Company and the Bank met the criteria and adopted the community bank leverage ratio framework in the third quarter of 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank were well capitalized under the applicable standards. The actual capitalization ratios for the Bank and the Company as of December 31, 2022 can be found at Note 21 - Regulatory Matters to 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act FDICIA requires each federal banking agency to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of insured depository institutions, including but not limited to those that fall below one or more prescribed minimum capital ratios. Pursuant to FDICIA, the FRB promulgated regulations defining the following five categories in which an insured depository institution will be placed, based on the level of its capital ratios: 
 
 Under the regulations, a bank shall be deemed to be: 
 
 well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or more, has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or more, has a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 or more, has a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 5 or more, and is not subject to specified requirements to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure; 
 adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 or more and a leverage capital ratio of 4 or more (3 under certain circumstances) and does not meet the definition of well capitalized 
 undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4 , or a leverage capital ratio that is less than 4 (3 under certain circumstances); 
 significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 3 or a leverage capital ratio that is less than 3 ; and 
 critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2 . 
 
 A bank s category is determined solely for the purpose of applying prompt corrective action regulations, and the capital category may not constitute an accurate representation of the bank s overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes. 
 
 While these benchmarks have not changed, due to market turbulence, the regulators have strongly encouraged and, in many instances, required, banks and bank holding companies to achieve and maintain higher ratios as a matter of safety and soundness. 
 
 Banks are prohibited from paying dividends or management fees to controlling persons or entities if, after making the payment, the bank would be undercapitalized, that is, the bank fails to meet the required minimum level for any relevant capital measure. Asset growth and branching restrictions apply to undercapitalized banks. Banks classified as undercapitalized are required to submit acceptable capital plans guaranteed by its holding company, if any. Broad regulatory authority was granted with respect to significantly undercapitalized banks, including forced mergers, growth restrictions, ordering new elections for directors, forcing divestiture by its holding company, if any, requiring management changes, and prohibiting the payment of bonuses to senior management. Even more severe restrictions are applicable to critically undercapitalized banks. Restrictions for these banks include the appointment of a receiver or conservator. All of the federal banking agencies have promulgated substantially similar regulations to implement this system of prompt corrective action. 
 
 A bank, based upon its capital levels, that is classified as well capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. Further, a bank that otherwise meets the capital levels to be categorized as well capitalized, will be deemed to be adequately capitalized, if the bank is subject to a written agreement requiring that the bank maintain specific capital levels. At each successive lower capital category, an insured bank is subject to more restrictions. The federal banking agencies, however, may not treat an institution as critically undercapitalized unless its capital ratios actually warrant such treatment. 
 
 Banking organizations that meet the criteria and have adopted the community bank leverage ratio framework, such as the Company and the Bank, are deemed to be well capitalized for prompt corrective action purposes. 
 
 In addition to measures taken under the prompt corrective action provisions, commercial banking organizations, such as the Bank, may be subject to potential enforcement actions by the federal or state banking agencies for unsafe or unsound practices in conducting their businesses or for violations of any law, rule, regulation or any condition imposed in writing by the agency or any written agreement with the agency. Enforcement actions may include the imposition of a conservator or receiver, the issuance of a cease and desist order that can be judicially enforced, the termination of insurance for deposits (in the case of a depository institution), the imposition of civil money penalties, the issuance of directives to increase capital, the issuance of formal and informal agreements, and the issuance of removal and prohibition orders against institution affiliated parties. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Brokered Deposit Restrictions 
 
 Well-capitalized institutions are not subject to limitations on brokered deposits, while an adequately capitalized institution is able to accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits only with a waiver from the FDIC and subject to certain restrictions on the rate paid on such deposits. Undercapitalized institutions are generally not permitted to accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was deemed to be well-capitalized and, therefore, eligible to accept brokered deposits. 
 
 Limitations on Dividend Payments 
 
 California law restricts the amount available for cash dividends the Bank may pay to the Company. Under California law, funds available for cash dividend payments by a bank are restricted to the lesser of: (1) retained earnings; or (2) the bank s net income for its last three fiscal years (less any distributions to shareholders made during such period). Cash dividends may also be paid out of the greater of: (i) net income for a bank s last preceding fiscal year; (ii) a bank s retained earnings; or (iii) net income for a bank s current fiscal year, upon the prior approval of the DFPI. If the DFPI finds that the stockholders equity of a bank is not adequate or that the payment of a dividend would be unsafe or unsound for the bank, the DFPI may order the bank not to pay any dividends. 
 
 Premiums for Deposit Insurance 
 
 The FDIC insures deposits up to 250,000 per qualified account. The FDIC utilizes a risk-based assessment system to set quarterly insurance premium assessments which categorizes banks into four risk categories based on capital levels and supervisory CAMELS ratings and names them Risk Categories I, II, III and IV. The CAMELS rating system is based upon an evaluation of the six critical elements of an institution s operations: Capital adequacy, Asset quality, Management, Earnings, Liquidity, and Sensitivity to risk. This rating system is designed to take into account and reflect all significant financial and operational factors financial institution examiners assess in their evaluation of an institution s performance. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act required the FDIC to maintain a reserve ratio of the FDIC s deposit insurance fund at not less than 1.35 of insured deposits and to adopt a restoration plan to achieve the statutory minimum within 8 years if the ratio falls below 1.35 . During 2020 the reserve ratio fell below 1.35 to 1.30 due to extraordinary growth in insured deposits and, accordingly, in September 2020, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan providing for FDIC monitoring deposit balance trends, potential losses, and other factors that affect the reserve ratio, while maintaining the current schedule of assessment rates for all insured institutions. Under the restoration plan, the FDIC is to provide updates at least semi-annually. In setting the assessments, the FDIC is required to offset the effect of the higher reserve ratio against insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion. Assessments are based on the average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity capital of a financial institution rather than on its insured deposits. The semi-annual update as of March 31, 2022, showed a decline of four basis points to 1.23 . As a result, on June 21, 2022, the FDIC adopted an amendment to the restoration plan resulting in a uniform increase in the base deposit insurance assessment of two basis points beginning with the first quarter of 2023 in order to meet the requirement of 1.35 by September 30, 2028. 
 
 The FDIC is authorized to terminate a depository institution s deposit insurance upon a finding by the FDIC that the institution s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or has violated any applicable rule, regulation, order or condition enacted or imposed by the institution s regulatory agency. The termination of deposit insurance would result in the forced closure of the Bank which would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Safety and Soundness Standards 
 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines designed to assist the federal banking agencies in identifying and addressing potential safety and soundness concerns before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines set forth operational and managerial standards relating to: (i) internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems; (ii) loan documentation; (iii) credit underwriting; (iv) asset growth; (v) earnings; and (vi) compensation, fees and benefits. In addition, the federal banking agencies have also adopted safety and soundness guidelines with respect to asset quality and earnings standards. These guidelines provide nine standards for establishing and maintaining a system to identify problem assets and prevent those assets from deteriorating. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Home Loan Bank System 
 
 The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (the FHLB-SF ). Among other benefits, each Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for its members within its assigned region. Each FHLB is financed primarily from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB system. Each FHLB makes available loans or advances to its members in compliance with the policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors of the individual FHLB. The FHLB-SF utilizes a single class of stock with a par value of 100 per share, which may be issued, exchanged, redeemed and repurchased only at par value. As an FHLB member, the Bank is required to own FHLB SF capital stock in an amount equal to the greater of: 
 
 a membership stock requirement with an initial cap of 25 million (100 of membership asset value as defined), or 
 an activity-based stock requirement (based on percentage of outstanding advances). 
 
 The FHLB SF capital stock is redeemable on five years written notice, subject to certain conditions. At December 31, 2022 the Bank owned 53,138 shares of the FHLB-SF capital stock. 
 
 Federal Reserve Bank 
 
 The FRB no longer requires depository institutions to maintain non-interest bearing reserves at specified levels against their transaction accounts and non-personal time deposits. 
 
 Consumer Regulation 
 
 The Company is subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern relationships with customers. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act, and these laws respective state-law counterparts, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by the state and local attorneys general in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection regulations may result in the failure to obtain required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions or other transactions where approval is not required. 
 
 The CFPB has broad rulemaking, supervisory, and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws. The CFPB is also authorized to engage in consumer financial education, track consumer complaints, request data, and promote the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. The CFPB has broad supervisory, examination, and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. State regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect business, financial condition, or results of operations. For example, on November 29, 2021 the DFPI proposed rules under the California Consumer Financial Protection Law to allow the DFPI to require businesses that provide financial products such as debt settlement, student debt relief, education financing, and wage-based advances to register with the DFPI and provide records to facilitate the oversight of the registrants in their interaction with consumers in California. The DFPI s expanding its authority to have an increased emphasis on consumer protection that may be viewed as an effort to create a state-run equivalent of the CFPB. 
 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 
 The PATRIOT Act, designed to deny terrorists and others the ability to obtain access to the United States financial system, has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers, and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The PATRIOT Act, as implemented by various federal regulatory agencies, requires the Company and the Bank to establish and implement policies and procedures with respect to, among other matters, anti money laundering, compliance, suspicious activity and currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers and prospective customers. The PATRIOT Act and its underlying regulations permit information sharing for counter terrorist purposes between federal law enforcement agencies and financial institutions, as well as among financial institutions, subject to certain conditions, and require the FRB, the FDIC 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 and other federal banking agencies to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering activities when considering a bank holding company acquisition and/or a bank merger. 
 
 The Bank regularly evaluates and continues to enhance the systems and procedures to continue to comply with the PATRIOT Act and other anti money laundering initiatives. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal, strategic, and reputational consequences for the institution and result in material fines and sanctions. 
 
 ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING ACT OF 2020 
 
 The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the AML Act was enacted effective January 1, 2021 and presents the most comprehensive revisions and enhancements to anti-money laundering and counter terrorism laws since the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 and the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the BSA ). The impact of the new legislation will not be fully known until required regulations are adopted and implemented, but the AML Act represents significant changes and reaffirms and broadens the government s oversight and commitment to addressing the illicit activities and financing of terrorism. 
 
 Many of the provisions of the AML Act deal with the operations of the federal agencies primarily responsible for addressing terrorism financing and the safeguarding of the national security of the United States, such as the U.S. Treasury and its Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN ), including the requirement for FinCEN to engage anti-money laundering AML and terrorist financing investigations experts and the requirement to facilitate information sharing with other federal and state and even foreign law enforcement agencies. On June 30, 2021, FinCEN issued the first government-wide priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism to encourage banks to incorporate the priorities into their risk-based BSA compliance programs. The priorities identified were: (i) corruption; (ii) cybercrime and cyber security; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) fraud; (v) transnational crime organizations; (vi) drug trafficking; (vii) human trafficking; and (viii) proliferation financing through support networks. 
 
 The AML Act also expands the reach of federal AML laws by extending their applicability to a broader range of industries, such as entities involved in futures, precious metals, precious stones and jewels, antiquities, and cryptocurrency. On September 24, 2021, FinCEN issued proposed rules to include a person engaged in the trade of antiquities under the definition of financial institution subjecting such person to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury. 
 
 The AML Act aims to balance the burdens imposed by reporting on financial institutions and the benefits derived by Federal law enforcement agencies. The AML Act requires a review of currency transaction and suspicious activity reports submitted by financial institutions to determine to what extent the reporting can be streamlined and made more useful. Included is the obligation to review the dollar thresholds for reporting currency transactions and to establish automated processes for filing simple, non-complex categories of reports. It calls for greater integration between financial institution systems and the electronic filing system to allow for automatic population of report fields and the submission of transaction data. 
 
 Other provisions of the AML Act enhance enforcement. One section provides protection for financial institutions keeping open a customer s account or transaction at the request of a federal law enforcement agency or at the request of a state or local agency with the concurrence of FinCEN. Other sections increase civil penalties for financial institutions and persons violating the recordkeeping and reporting obligations. Persons found to have committed repeated egregious violations may be barred from serving on boards of directors of financial institutions and fined in an amount that is equal to the profit gained by such person by reason of such violation. If that person is a partner, director, officer or employee of a financial institution, that person may be ordered to repay any bonus paid to that person, irrespective of the amount of the bonus or how it was calculated. New criminal penalties have been created for concealing from or misrepresenting to a financial institution any material facts concerning: (i) the ownership or control of assets involved in a monetary transaction involving a senior foreign political figure in amounts exceeding 1 million; or (ii) the source of funds in a monetary transaction involving an entity found to be a primary money laundering concern. Other enforcement enhancement provisions in the AML Act authorize the Treasury to pay whistleblower awards leading to fines or forfeitures of at least 50,000 up to the lower of 150,000 or 25 of the fine or forfeiture and allows for the payment to whistleblowers of up to 30 of the fine or forfeiture. 
 
 One of the most significant portions of the AML Act is The Corporate Transparency Act CTA ), which will require the reporting of certain information regarding beneficial owners of reporting companies to a confidential database to be established by FinCEN . Reporting companies are defined as any corporation, limited liability company or other entity formed in the U.S. under the laws of a state or Indian Tribe or registered as a foreign entity to do business in the U.S., other than those specifically excluded, such as: (i) companies reporting or with a class of securities registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1934; (ii) banks, bank holding companies, and credit unions; (iii) money transmitters, registered broker dealers, registered investment advisors, and investment companies; (iv) public utilities and insurance companies; (v) 503(c)(3) entities; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 (vi) entities that employ more than 20 employees, have reported gross receipts or sales to the Internal Revenue Service in excess of 5.0 million in the prior year, and have an operating presence in the U.S.; and (vii) certain inactive entities. 
 
 A beneficial owner is any individual who directly, or indirectly exercises substantial control over an entity or owns or controls 25 or more of the ownership interest of an entity. The reporting company will be required to provide FinCEN with the legal name, date of birth, current resident or business address, and an acceptable identification number of the beneficial owner. In September 2022, FinCEN issued a final rule requiring the reporting of beneficial ownership information by entities created or doing business in the United States before January 1, 2024, beginning January 1, 2025. 
 
 Under the CTA, the Treasury is to minimize the burden on reporting companies and ensure the information deposited in the database is maintained in the strictest confidence and made available for inspection or disclosure by FinCEN only for the purposes set forth in the AML Act and only to: (i) federal agencies engaged in national security, intelligence or law enforcement; (ii) state, local or Tribal law enforcement agencies, subject to authorization by a court of competent jurisdiction; (iii) financial institutions subject to customer due diligence requirements with the consent of the reporting company; (iv) requests by a federal or other appropriate regulatory agency; (v) certain Treasury officials for tax administration purposes; and (vi) authorized federal agencies on behalf of a properly recognized foreign authority. On January 25, 2022, FinCEN issued proposed regulations for a pilot program to permit financial institutions to share suspicious activity information with their foreign branches, subsidiaries and affiliates to combat illicit finance risks under the AML Act. 
 
 The foregoing is only a summary of selected provisions of the AML Act. Given that regulations implementing the new AML Act are being proposed but have not yet been adopted or implemented, the Company cannot determine at this time the effect, if any, the AML Act will have on the Company s future results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC Regulation 
 
 The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, designated nationals, and others. These rules are based on their administration by OFAC. The OFAC administered sanctions targeting designated countries take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked assets (e.g., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off, or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal, strategic, and reputational consequences, and result in civil money penalties on the Company and the Bank. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 The Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA generally requires the Bank to identify the communities it serves and to make loans and investments, offer products, make donations in, and provide services designed to meet the credit needs of these communities. The CRA also requires the Bank to maintain comprehensive records of its CRA activities to demonstrate how we are meeting the credit needs of the Bank s communities. These documents are subject to periodic examination by the FRB. During these examinations, the FRB rates such institutions compliance with CRA as Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve or Substantial Noncompliance. The CRA requires the FRB to take into account the record of a bank in meeting the credit needs of all of the communities served, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, in determining such rating. Failure of an institution to receive at least a Satisfactory rating could inhibit such institution or its holding company from undertaking certain activities, including acquisitions. The Bank received a CRA rating of Satisfactory as of its most recent examination. In the case of a bank holding company, such as the Company, when applying to acquire a bank, savings association, or a bank holding company, the FRB will assess the CRA record of each depository institution of the applicant bank holding company in considering the application. 
 
 Customer Information Privacy and Cybersecurity 
 
 The FRB and other bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines for safeguarding confidential, personal, and non public customer information. These guidelines require each financial institution, under the supervision and ongoing oversight of its board of directors or an appropriate committee thereof, to create, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazard to the security or integrity of such information, and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. We have adopted a customer information 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 security program to comply with these requirements. 
 
 In March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity. One statement indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing Internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. If we fail to observe the regulatory guidance, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 
 Privacy 
 
 The GLBA and the California Financial Information Privacy Act require financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of non-public personal information about consumers to non affiliated third parties. In general, the statutes require disclosures to consumers on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such non-public personal information and, except as otherwise required by law, prohibit disclosing such information except as provided in the Bank s policies and procedures. We have implemented privacy policies addressing these restrictions that are distributed regularly to all existing and new customers of the Bank. 
 
 Other Aspects of Banking Law 
 
 The Bank is subject to federal statutory and regulatory provisions covering, among other things, security procedures, management interlocks, funds availability and truth-in-savings. There are also a variety of federal statutes that regulate acquisitions of control and the formation of bank holding companies, and the activities beyond owning banks that are permissible. 
 
 Moreover, additional initiatives may be proposed or introduced before Congress, the California Legislature, and other government bodies in the future which, if enacted, may further alter the structure, regulation, and competitive relationship among financial institutions and may subject the bank holding companies and banks to increased supervision and disclosure, compliance costs and reporting requirements. In addition, the various bank regulatory agencies often adopt new rules and regulations and policies to implement and enforce existing legislation. Bank regulatory agencies have been very aggressive in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations, and this has resulted in the increased issuance of enforcement actions to financial institutions requiring action to address credit quality, liquidity and risk management, capital adequacy, compliance with Bank Secrecy Act, as well as other safety and soundness concerns. 
 
 It cannot be predicted whether, or in what form, any such legislation or regulatory changes in policy may be enacted or the extent to which the Bank s businesses would be affected thereby. In addition, the outcome of examinations, any litigation, or any investigations initiated by state or federal authorities may result in necessary changes in the Bank s operations and increased compliance costs. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 The Company employed 117 full-time equivalent staff as of December 31, 2022 . The employees are not represented by a collective bargaining unit, and the Company believes its relationship with its employees is good. 
 
 The Company s ability to attract, retain, and develop employees is a key to its success. We provide competitive pay that is consistent with the employee s position and experience. Annual increases in compensation are based on merit, which is documented throughout internal systems and communicated at the time of review and upon promotion or transfer. Certain employees participate in the Company s performance-based incentive programs, which may include additional bonus and incentive compensation and equity-based awards. Certain benefits are subject to eligibility, vesting, and performance requirements. Employee performance is measured formally at least annually. 
 
 Our employees health, wellness, and safety are a priority to the Company. Employees receive a comprehensive benefits package that includes paid time off, sick time, company matching contributions of 100 up to 4 of salary contributions to a qualified retirement plan, and other health and wellness benefits including participation in Company paid or subsidized medical, dental, term-life, accidental death and dismemberment (AD D), long-term disability, and employee assistance programs. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

The Company s code of ethics prohibits discrimination or harassment. The Company requires all employees to agree to the code of ethics and participate in harassment prevention training annually. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company files periodic reports and other reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, as well as the Company s Code of Ethics, are posted and are available at no cost on the Company s website at http://www.unitedsecuritybank.com as soon as reasonably practical after the Company files such reports with the SEC. The Company s periodic and other reports filed with the SEC are also available at the SEC s website http://www.sec.gov ). 

Item 1A - Risk Factors 
 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B - Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 The Company had no unresolved staff comments at December 31, 2022. 

Item 2 - Properties 
 
 The Company provides traditional banking services through twelve branches and two loan production offices located primarily throughout California s Central Valley. Bank branches are located in Fresno, Madera, and Kern Counties, in addition to one branch in Santa Clara County. The Company also has four remote ITM locations and five remo te ATM locations. Both loan production offices are housed at branch facilities in Fresno County. The administration building is located in Fresno, California, and does not provide branch services. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company held leases for six of the branches and the nine remote ITM and ATM locations, and owned the remaining six branches. The Company also owns its headquarters in Fresno, California. Most of the leases have renewal options and, in management s opinions, all properties are adequately covered by insurance. The Company considers its existing facilities to be sufficient for current and future use. Please see Note 5 - Premises and equipment in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 

Item 3 - Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, the Company is party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. At this time, the Company is not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which it is a party or of which any of its property is the subject, nor is the Company aware of any such proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental entities, which proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 

Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable 

PART II 

Item 5 - Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Trading History 
 
 The Company s common stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and is traded under the symbol UBFO. At December 31, 2022, there were approximately 549 record holders of common stock. This does not reflect the number of persons or entities who hold their stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms. 
 
 The following table sets forth the high and low closing sales prices by quarter for the common stock, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Closing Prices Quarter High Low Volume 4th Quarter 2022 7.44 6.51 894,800 3rd Quarter 2022 7.73 6.50 1,203,500 2nd Quarter 2022 8.67 7.24 453,300 1st Quarter 2022 8.74 8.03 678,400 4th Quarter 2021 8.21 7.75 981,342 3rd Quarter 2021 8.25 7.77 1,754,001 2nd Quarter 2021 8.56 7.70 5,946,233 1st Quarter 2021 8.85 6.76 2,631,103 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The Company s shareholders are entitled to dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore. Dividends paid to shareholders are subject to restrictions set forth in the California General Corporation Law, which provides that a California corporation may make a distribution, including paying dividends on its capital stock, from retained earnings to the extent that the retained earnings exceed (a) the amount of the proposed distribution plus (b) the amount, if any, of dividends in arrears on shares with preferential dividend rights. Alternatively, a California corporation may make a distribution, if, immediately after the distribution, the value of its assets equals or exceeds the sum of (a) its total liabilities plus (b) the liquidation preference of any shares which have a preference upon dissolution over the rights of shareholders receiving the distribution. As a bank holding company without significant assets other than its equity position in the Bank, the ability to pay dividends to shareholders depends primarily upon dividends received from the Bank. Such dividends paid by the Bank to the Company are subject to certain limitations. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial and Results of Operations - Regulatory Matters. 
 
 Cash dividends issued 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Date Declared Date Paid Dividend Amount Date Declared Date Paid Dividend Amount March 22, 2022 April 18, 2022 0.11 March 23, 2021 April 16, 2021 0.11 June 28, 2022 July 22, 2022 0.11 June 22, 2021 July 16, 2021 0.11 September 27, 2022 October 25, 2022 0.11 September 28, 2021 October 25, 2021 0.11 December 20, 2022 January 19, 2023 0.11 December 14, 2021 January 18, 2022 0.11 
 
 The amount and payment of dividends to our shareholders are set by the Board of Directors with numerous factors being taken into consideration including but not limited to earnings, financial condition, and the need for capital for expanded growth and general economic conditions. No assurance can be given that cash or stock dividends will be paid in the future. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table sets forth securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. All of our equity compensation plans have been approved by the shareholders. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options,warrants and rights (column a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 119,022 (1) 8.07 515,494 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A Total 119,022 8.07 515,494 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Under the United Security Bancshares 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the 2015 Plan ), we are authorized to issue restricted stock awards. Restricted stock awards are not included in the total in column (a). At December 31, 2022, there were 13,974 shares of restricted stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 A complete description of the above plans is included in Note 12 of the Financial Statements , within Item 8 of this Report, and is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 On April 25, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 3 million of the outstanding common stock of the Company. The duration of the program is open-ended and the timing of purchases will depend on market conditions. The Company did not repurchase any common shares under the stock repurchase plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Item 6 - [Reserved] 

Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Company 
 
 United Security Bancshares, a California corporation, is a bank holding company registered under the BHCA with corporate headquarters located in Fresno, California. The principal business of United Security Bancshares is to serve as the holding company for its wholly-owned subsidiary, United Security Bank. References to the Bank refer to United Security Bank together with its wholly-owned subsidiary, York Monterey Properties, Inc. References to the Company refer to United Security Bancshares together with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. References to the Holding Company refer to United Security Bancshares, the parent company, on a stand-alone basis. The Bank currently has twelve banking branches, which provide banking services in Fresno, Madera, Kern, and Santa Clara counties in the state of California. In addition to full-service branches, the Bank has several stand-alone ATM and ITM machines within its geographic footprint. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 During 2022, the Company continued its 2021 multi-phase strategy to deploy excess liquidity in a challenging interest rate environment. 
 
 2022 Financial Summary and 2021 Comparison 
 
 Net income increased to 15.7 million at December 31, 2022 compared to the 10.1 million in income reported at December 31, 2021. 
 Total assets decreased 2.4 to 1.30 billion, compared to 1.33 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Total loans, net of unearned fees, increased 12.5 to 980.2 million, compared to 871.5 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Total investments increased 15.4 , or 28.2 million, to 210.9 million, compared to 182.6 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Total deposits decreased 1.9 to 1.17 billion, compared to 1.19 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of gross loans decreased to 1.04 , compared to 1.07 at December 31, 2021. 
 Net interest income before the provision for credit losses increased 29.2 to 46.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 35.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a provision for credit losses of 2.1 million for the previous year. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Net interest margin increased to 3.69 at December 31, 2022 compared to 3.16 at December 31, 2021. 
 Annualized cost of deposits increased to 0.23 compared to 0.17 at December 31, 2021. 
 Book value per share decreased to 6.59, compared to 7.06 at December 31, 2021. 
 Net charge-offs totaled 1.0 million, compared to net charge-offs of 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Capital position remains well-capitalized with a 10.10 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio compared to 9.79 as of December 31, 2021. 
 Return on average assets ROAA was 1.16 , compared to 0.82 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Return on average equity ROAE was 13.75 , compared to 8.47 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Current Trends Affecting Results of Operations and Financial Position 
 The Company s overall operations are impacted by a number of factors, including not only interest rates and margin spreads, which impact the results of operations, but also the composition of the Company s balance sheet. One of the primary strategic goals of the Company is to maintain a mix of assets that will generate a reasonable rate of return without undue risk, and to finance those assets with a low-cost and stable source of funds. Liquidity and capital resources must also be considered in the planning process to mitigate risk and allow for growth. 
 Since the Bank primarily conducts banking operations in California s Central Valley, its operations and cash flows are subject to changes in the economic condition of the Central Valley. Our business results are dependent in large part upon the business activity, population, income levels, deposits and real estate activity in the Central Valley, and declines in economic conditions can have adverse material effects upon the Bank. In addition, the Central Valley remains largely dependent on agriculture. A downturn in agriculture and agricultural related business could indirectly and adversely affect the Company as many borrowers and customers are involved in, or are impacted to some extent, by the agricultural industry. While a great number of our borrowers are not directly involved in agriculture, they would likely be impacted by difficulties in the agricultural industry since many jobs in our market areas are ancillary to the regular production, processing, marketing and sale of agricultural commodities. The state of California periodically experiences severe droughts resulting in significantly reduced water allocations for farmers in the Central Valley. Due to these water issues, the impact on businesses and consumers located in the Company s market areas is not possible to quantify. In response the California state legislature passed the Sustainable Groundwater Management Act with the purpose of promoting better local and regional management of groundwater use and sustainable groundwater management in California by 2042. The local districts began to develop, prepare, and implement the Groundwater Sustainability Plans in 2020. The effect of such plans on Central Valley agriculture, if any, is still unknown. 
 
 The Company s earnings are impacted by monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies. The FRB has, and is likely to continue to have, an important impact on the operating results of depository institutions through its power to implement national monetary policy, among other things, to curb inflation or combat a recession. The FRB affects the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits through its control over the issuance of United States government securities, its regulation of the discount rate applicable to member banks, and its influence over reserve requirements to which member banks are subject. The FOMC has indicated that due to elevated inflation it expects to continue to raise interest rates in the near term, albeit at a reduced pace. While it had been expected that the FRB would continue to raise short-term interest rates in 2023, it is unknown what effects the recent banking turmoil and current international instability will have on inflation and the FRB s monetary policies. It is possible that interest rates will hold at current levels or decline. 
 
 Inflation may negatively affect the market value of investment securities and lead to increased interest expense on deposits and higher costs for borrowings as well as increased labor costs due to higher wages. Additionally, increased inflation levels could lead to higher oil and gas prices, which may negatively impact the net operating income of borrowers and affect their ability to repay their loans. 
 
 Elevated inflation and expectations for elevated future inflation can adversely impact economic growth, consumer and business confidence, and our financial condition and results. In addition, elevated inflation may cause unexpected changes in monetary policies and actions which may adversely affect consumer confidence, the economy, and our financial condition and results. 
 
 Supply chain constraints and a tightening of labor markets could potentially exacerbate inflation and sustain it at elevated levels, even as growth slows. The risk of sustained high inflation would likely be accompanied by monetary policy tightening with potential negative effects on various elevated asset classes. 
 
 The Company continually evaluates its strategic business plan as economic and market factors change in its market area. Balance sheet management, enhancing revenue sources, and maintaining market share will continue to be of primary importance. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth selected historical consolidated financial information for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022. The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data and ratios) 2022 2021 2020 Summary of Year-to-Date Earnings: Interest income 49,257 37,730 34,567 Interest expense 3,195 2,079 2,290 Net interest income 46,062 35,651 32,277 Provision for credit losses 1,802 2,107 2,769 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 44,260 33,544 29,508 Noninterest income 1,838 3,385 5,174 Noninterest expense 24,039 23,615 22,270 Income before provision for income taxes 22,059 13,314 12,412 Provision for income taxes 6,373 3,216 3,451 Net income 15,686 10,098 8,961 Per Share Data: Net income - Basic 0.92 0.59 0.53 Net income - Diluted 0.92 0.59 0.53 Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic 17,040,241 17,011,379 16,976,704 Weighted average common shares shares outstanding - Diluted 17,061,833 17,030,874 16,998,584 Book value per share 6.59 7.06 6.93 Financial Position at Year End: Total assets 1,299,193 1,330,944 1,092,654 Total net loans 969,996 862,200 645,825 Total deposits 1,165,484 1,188,106 952,651 Total shareholders equity 112,463 120,207 117,807 Selected Financial Ratios: Return on average assets 1.16 0.82 0.86 Return on average equity 13.75 8.47 7.55 Average equity to average assets 8.46 9.69 11.45 Net interest margin (1) 3.69 3.16 3.34 Allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total nonperforming assets 52.16 56.06 48.56 Net charge-offs to net loans 0.39 0.15 0.33 Allowance of credit losses as a percentage of period-end loans 1.04 1.07 1.30 Dividend payout ratio 47.82 74.16 83.34 
 (1)Fully taxable equivalent 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15.7 million or 0.92 per basic share 0.92 diluted) compared to 10.1 million or 0.59 per basic share 0.59 diluted) for year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 5.6 million between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 is primarily the result of increases in net interest income, offset by a loss on the fair value of the Company s junior subordinated debt. Interest income increased by 11.5 million, or 30.6 , between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. Taxes on income increased by 3.2 million, or 98.2 . 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Return on average assets was 1.16 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.82 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Return on average equity was 13.75 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 8.47 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The higher return on average assets experienced by the Company between 2022 and 2021 resulted from increases in income which outpaced increases in assets due to higher interest rates reflected in the loan and investment portfolios. Increases in the return on average equity were the result of growth in net income outpacing growth in shareholder s equity. The growth in equity is affected by our dividend payout ratio as well as changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income, the most significant component of earnings, is the difference between the interest and fees received on earning assets and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Earning assets consist primarily of loans and, to a lesser extent, investments in securities issued by federal, state and local authorities, and corporations, as well as interest-bearing deposits and overnight investments in federal funds loaned to other financial institutions. These earning assets are funded by a combination of interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing liabilities, primarily customer deposits, and may include short-term and long-term borrowings. 
 
 Net interest income before provision for credit losses was 46.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 10.4 million, or 29.2 , compared to net interest income before provision for credit losses of 35.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Market rate increases and disciplined deposit pricing saw the net interest margin, as shown in Table 1 below, increase to 3.69 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The net interest margin was 3.16 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Distribution of Average Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: 
 
 The following table summarizes the distribution of average assets, liabilities and shareholders equity, as well as interest income and yields earned on average interest earning assets and interest expense and rates paid on average interest bearing liabilities, presented on a tax equivalent basis for the years indicated: 
 22 

Table of Contents 

2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans and leases (1) 924,280 43,039 4.66 779,062 35,154 4.51 Investment securities 201,723 4,613 2.29 150,748 2,337 1.55 Interest-bearing deposits in FRB 122,575 1,605 1.31 199,610 239 0.12 Total interest-earning assets 1,248,578 49,257 3.95 1,129,420 37,730 3.34 Allowance for credit losses (9,708) (8,866) Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and due from banks 36,689 44,269 Premises and equipment, net 9,295 9,043 Accrued interest receivable 7,590 7,755 Other real estate owned 4,579 4,847 Other assets 54,159 47,002 Total average assets 1,351,182 1,233,470 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW accounts 136,568 175 0.13 157,014 226 0.14 Money market accounts 398,379 2,125 0.53 319,858 1,152 0.36 Savings accounts 123,396 137 0.11 106,979 118 0.11 Time deposits 69,741 378 0.54 65,386 403 0.62 Junior subordinated debentures 10,682 380 3.56 11,089 180 1.62 Total interest-bearing liabilities 738,766 3,195 0.43 660,326 2,079 0.31 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing checking 488,053 443,639 Accrued interest payable 146 106 Other liabilities 9,864 9,908 Total average liabilities 1,236,829 1,113,979 Total average shareholders equity 114,353 119,491 Total average liabilities and shareholders equity 1,351,182 1,233,470 Interest income as a percentage of average earning assets 3.95 3.34 Interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets 0.26 0.18 Net interest margin 3.69 3.16 
 (1) Loan amounts include nonaccrual loans, but the related interest income has been included only if collected for the period prior to the loan being placed on a nonaccrual basis. Loan interest income includes loan fees of approximately 505 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and loan fees of approximately 1,681 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The prime rate increased from 3.25 for the year ended 2021 to 7.50 for the year ended 2022. Future increases or decreases will affect rates for both interest income and expense and the resultant net interest margin. 
 
 Both net interest income and net interest margin are affected by changes in the amount and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, referred to as volume change. Both are also affected by changes in yields on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, referred to as rate change. The following table sets forth the changes in interest income and interest expense for each major category of interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability, and the amount of change attributable to volume and rate changes for the years ended December 31, indicated. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Rate and Volume Analysis: 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 (In thousands) Total Rate Volume Increase (decrease) in interest income: Loans 7,885 1,154 6,731 Investment securities 2,276 1,330 946 Interest-bearing deposits in FRB 1,366 2,409 (1,043) Total interest income 11,527 4,893 6,634 Increase (decrease) in interest expense: Interest-bearing demand accounts 922 738 184 Savings accounts 19 1 18 Time deposits (25) (51) 26 Subordinated debentures 200 207 (7) Total interest expense 1,116 895 221 Increase in net interest income 10,411 3,998 6,413 
 
 The net interest margin increased in 2022 due to increases in loan portfolio yields, yields on overnight investments with the Federal Reserve Bank FRB ), and investment securities yields. The increases in yields are a result of repricing of variable-rate loans, floating-rate investment securities, and higher rates on interest-bearing deposits at FRB. The yield on the loan portfolio was 4.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 4.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total interest income increased approximately 11.5 million, or 30.6 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, reflective of increases of 7.9 million in loan interest income and 2.3 million in investment income. Average interest-earning assets increased approximately 119.2 million between 2022 and 2021 and the rate on interest-earning assets increased 61 basis points between the two periods. The increase in average earning assets between 2022 and 2021 was the result of an increase of 145.2 million in loans and an increase of 51.0 million in investment securities, partially offset by a decrease of 77.0 million in interest-bearing deposits held with the FRB. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, total interest expense increased approximately 1,116,000, or 53.7 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Between the two periods, average interest-bearing liabilities increased by 78.4 million, and the average rates paid on these liabilities increased by 12 basis points. While the Company may utilize brokered deposits as an additional source of funding, the Company held no brokered deposits at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table summarizes the year-to-date averages of the components of interest-earning assets as a percentage of total interest-earning assets, and the components of interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of total interest-bearing liabilities: 
 Year to Date Average 2022 
 2021 
 Loans 74.02 68.99 Investment securities available for sale 16.16 13.35 Interest-bearing deposits in FRB 9.82 17.66 Total earning assets 100.00 100.00 NOW accounts 18.49 23.77 Money market accounts 53.92 48.44 Savings accounts 16.70 16.20 Time deposits 9.44 9.90 Subordinated debentures 1.45 1.69 Total interest-bearing liabilities 100.00 100.00 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 Provisions for credit losses are determined on the basis of management s periodic credit review of the loan portfolio, consideration of past loan loss experience, current and future economic conditions, and other pertinent factors. After reviewing these factors, management, at times, makes adjustments in order to maintain an allowance for credit losses adequate for the coverage of estimated losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Based on the condition of the loan portfolio, management believes the allowance is appropriate to cover risk elements in the loan portfolio. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, a 1.8 million provision was made to the allowance for credit losses. A provision totaling 2.1 million was made for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses decreased to 1.04 of total loans at December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.07 at December 31, 2021. The provision of 2.1 million recorded in 2021, and the provision of 1.8 million recorded during 2022, are a result of charge-offs recognized primarily within the student loan portfolio and adjustment in qualitative factors related to economic uncertainties. For further discussion, refer to Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Asset Quality and Allowance for Credit Losses. 
 
 We adopted the Current Expected Credit Loss CECL accounting standard effective January 1, 2023. The CECL allowance model calculates reserves over the life of the loan and is largely driven by portfolio characteristics, economic outlook, and other key methodology assumptions versus the current accounting practice that utilizes the incurred loss model. The adoption of this ASU will result in a one-time cumulative-effect adjustment to the allowance for loan losses as of the day of adoption. We currently estimate a combined increase to our allowance for credit losses and reserve for unfunded commitments totaling between 6.0 million to 8.0 million in the aggregate. This change, net of tax benefit, will decrease the opening retained earnings balance as of January 1, 2023. The above range is disclosed due to the fact that we are still in the process of finalizing the CECL allowance model, including the review of assumptions related to qualitative adjustments, finalizing the execution of internal controls, and evaluating the impact to our financial statement disclosures. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table summarizes significant components of noninterest income for the years indicated: 
 (In thousands) 2022 of Total 2021 of Total Customer service fees 3,027 164.69 2,793 82.51 Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance 555 30.20 555 16.40 Loss on fair value of marketable equity securities (429) (23.34) (106) (3.13) Loss on fair value of junior subordinated debentures (2,533) (137.81) (660) (19.50) Gain on sale of investment securities 30 1.63 (Loss) gain on sale of assets (10) (0.55) 8 0.23 Other 1,198 65.18 795 23.49 Total 1,838 100.00 3,385 100.00 
 
 Noninterest income consists primarily of fees and commissions earned on services provided to banking customers, fair value adjustments to the value of the junior subordinated debentures, and, to a lesser extent, loss on sales of Company assets and other miscellaneous income. 
 
 Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 1.5 million, or 45.7 , when compared to 2021. Customer service fees, the primary component of noninterest income, increased 234,000, or 8.4 , between the two periods. The decrease in noninterest income of 1.5 million between the two periods is primarily the result of changes in the fair value of junior subordinated debentures. A loss of 2.5 million was recorded during the year ended 2022 as compared to a loss of 660,000 during 2021. The change in the fair value of junior subordinated debentures was primarily caused by fluctuations in the LIBOR yield curve. An increase in the loss on the market value of equity securities of 323,000 added to the decrease. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Expense 
 
 The following table sets forth the components of total noninterest expense in dollars and as a percentage of average earning assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Average Earning Assets Amount of Average Earning Assets Salaries and employee benefits 11,833 0.95 11,713 1.04 Occupancy expense 3,467 0.28 3,537 0.31 Data processing 686 0.05 565 0.05 Professional fees 4,058 0.33 3,572 0.32 Regulatory assessments 794 0.06 743 0.07 Director fees 452 0.04 385 0.03 Correspondent bank service charges 93 0.01 88 0.01 Net cost of operation and sale of OREO 102 0.01 256 0.02 Other 2,554 0.20 2,756 0.24 Total 24,039 1.93 23,615 2.09 
 
 Noninterest expense increased 424,000, or 1.8 , between the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net increase in noninterest expense between the comparative periods is primarily the result of increases in professional fees, data processing expenses, and salaries and employee benefits, partially offset by declines in the net cost of operation of OREO and occupancy expense. The increase in professional fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 is attributed to increases in legal fees and consulting expense. Data processing increases are related to increased core processing charges. Included in net costs of operations of OREO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are OREO operating expenses totaling 102,000 and 256,000, respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of 185,000 and 204,000 respectively. This expense is included in noninterest expense under salaries and employee benefits. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The provision for income tax is impacted to some degree by permanent taxable differences between income reported for book purposes and income reported for tax purposes, as well as certain tax credits which are not reflected in the statements of operations and comprehensive income. As pretax income or loss amounts become greater, the impact of these differences becomes less significant and is reflected as variances in the effective tax rate for the periods presented. In general, the permanent differences and tax credits affecting tax expense have a positive impact and tend to reduce the effective tax rates shown in the statements of income and comprehensive income. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28.9 compared to 24.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition 
 
 The following table sets forth key financial data as of and for the years ended: 
 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Due from Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) 6,945 188,162 (181,217) (96.3) Net loans 969,996 862,200 107,796 12.9 Investment securities 210,860 182,646 28,214 15.4 Total assets 1,299,193 1,330,944 (31,751) (2.4) Total deposits 1,165,484 1,188,106 (22,622) (1.9) Total liabilities 1,186,730 1,210,737 (24,007) (2.0) Average interest-earning assets 1,248,578 1,129,420 119,158 10.6 Average interest-earning liabilities 738,766 660,326 78,440 11.9 
 
 Net loans increased due to growth in the loan portfolio and the purchase of real estate mortgage pools. Investment securities increased due to purchases of investment securities. Overnight interest-bearing deposits in the Federal Reserve Bank and federal funds sold decreased primarily due to the investment purchases and loan growth. Total deposits decreased due primarily to decreases in interest-bearing deposits. 
 
 Loans 
 
 The Company s primary business is that of acquiring deposits and making loans, with the loan portfolio representing the largest component of earning assets. Loans totaled 981.8 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 112.5 million, or 12.9 , from 869.3 million at December 31, 2021. During 2022, average loans increased 18.6 when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Average loans totaled 924.3 million and 779.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The following table sets forth the amounts of loans outstanding by category and the category percentages as of the year-end dates indicated: 
 2022 2021 (In thousands) Dollar Amount of Loans Dollar Amount of Loans Change Commercial and industrial 60,010 6.1 45,504 5.2 14,506 Real estate mortgage 672,115 68.5 558,056 64.2 114,059 RE construction development 152,310 15.5 154,270 17.8 (1,960) Agricultural 52,745 5.4 60,239 6.9 (7,494) Installment and student loans 44,592 4.5 51,245 5.9 (6,653) Total loans 981,772 100.0 869,314 100.0 112,458 
 
 Loan volume continues to be highest in what has historically been the primary lending emphasis: real estate mortgage, and construction lending. Total loans increased 12.9 during 2022. Commercial and industrial loans increased 31.9 and real estate mortgage loans increased 20.4 . Installment loans decreased 13.0 , agricultural loans decreased 12.4 and real estate construction and development loans decreased 1.3 . T he Bank is subject to internal limits of 115 of capital on the real estate construction and development portfolio and 345 of capital for the non-owner occupied commercial real estate portfolio, which also includes construction and development loans. At December 31, 2022, the real estate construction and development portfolio totaled 87 of capital, and non-owner occupied commercial real estate totaled 327 of capital. The current limits may affect the ability of the Bank to significantly grow these segments of the loan portfolio. The Bank is not approaching internal or regulatory concentration limits in other loan segments. 
 
 The real estate mortgage loan portfolio, totaling 672.1 million at December 31, 2022, consists of commercial real estate, residential mortgages, and home equity loans. Commercial real estate loans have remained a significant percentage of total loans over the past year, amounting to 40.6 and 38.1 , of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 2021, respectively. Commercial real estate balances increased to 398.6 million at December 31, 2022 from 331.1 million at December 31, 2021. Commercial real estate loans are generally a mix of short to medium-term, fixed and floating rate instruments and are mainly secured by commercial income and multi-family residential properties. Residential mortgage loans are generally 30-year amortizing loans with an average life of six to eight years. These loans totaled 273.4 million or 27.9 of the portfolio at December 31, 2022, and 226.9 million, or 26.1 of the portfolio at December 31, 2021. Real estate mortgage loans in total increased 114.1 million or 20.4 during 2022. During 2021 and 2022, the Company purchased residential mortgage pools of 201.0 million and 61.8 million, respectively. The home equity loan portfolio totaled 49,000 at December 31, 2022, and 80,000 at December 31, 2021. Real estate construction and development loans, representing 15.5 and 17.7 of total loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, consist of loans for residential and commercial construction projects, as well as land acquisition and development, or land held for future development. Loans in this category are secured by real estate including improved and unimproved land, as well as single-family residential, multi-family residential, and commercial properties in various stages of completion. All real estate loans have established equity requirements. Repayment of construction loans generally comes from long-term mortgages with other lending institutions obtained at completion of the project or from the sale of the constructed homes to individuals. 
 
 Purchased loan participations totaled 9.4 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 9.6 million at December 31, 2021. Loan participations sold increased from 5.3 million, or 0.6 , of the portfolio at December 31, 2021, to 9.7 million, or 1.0 , at December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 81.8 of commercial and industrial loans have floating rates and, although some may be secured by real estate, many are secured by accounts receivable, inventory, and other business assets. Construction loans are generally short-term, floating-rate obligations, which consist of both residential and commercial projects. Agricultural loans, are primarily short-term, floating-rate loans for crop financing. 
 
 Included within the installment loan portfolio are 42.1 million of student loans as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 48.5 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 6.3 million. The student loan portfolio consists of unsecured loans to medical and pharmacy students currently enrolled in medical and pharmacy schools in the U.S. and the Caribbean. The medical-student loans are made to U.S. citizens attending medical schools in the U.S. and Antigua, while the pharmacy-student loans are made to pharmacy students attending pharmacy school in the U.S. Upon graduation the loan is automatically placed on grace for six months. This may be extended as a deferment to 48 months for graduates enrolling in internship, medical residency, or fellowship. As approved, the student may receive additional deferment for hardship or administrative reasons in the form of forbearance for a maximum of 36 months throughout the life of the loan. The outstanding balance of student loans that are in school or grace and have not entered repayment status totaled 2.7 million at December 31, 2022. Accrued interest on student loans that are in school or grace and totaled 1.3 million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there were 875 loans within repayment, deferment, and forbearance which represented 23.4 million, 11.0 million, and 5.0 million in outstanding balances, respectively. No new student loans were originated during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Repayment of the unsecured student loans is premised on the medical and pharmacy students graduating and becoming high-income earners. Under program guidelines, repayment terms can vary per borrower; however, repayment occurs on average within 10 to 20 years. Underwriting is premised on qualifying credit scores. Currently the weighted average credit score for the portfolio is in the mid-700s. In addition, there are non-student co-borrowers for roughly one-third of the portfolio that provide additional repayment capacity. Graduation and employment placement rates are high for both medical and pharmacy students. The average student loan balance per borrower as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 100,646. Loan interest rates range from 5.75 to 10.75 . 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 23.4 million of student loans were in repayment compared to 23.8 million as of December 31, 2021. Accrued interest on student loans was 4.1 million and 4.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the reserve against the student loan portfolio totaled 2.6 million. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, 141,000 in accrued interest receivable was reversed, due to charge-offs of 1.3 million. At December 31, 2021, the reserve totaled 2.6 million and 122,000 in accrued interest was reversed due to charge-offs of 1.4 million. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the Bank s student loan portfolio with activity from December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022: 
 (In thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2020 57,385 Capitalized Interest 2,375 Payments Received (9,865) Loans Charged-off (1,439) Balance as of December 31, 2021 48,456 Capitalized Interest 2,609 Payments Received (7,587) Loans Charged-off (1,346) Balance as of December 31, 2022 42,132 
 
 Student Loan Finance Corporation (ZuntaFi) is the third-party servicer for the student loan portfolio. ZuntaFi provides servicing for the student loan portfolio, including application administration, processing, approval, documenting, funding, and collection of current and charged off balances. They also provide file custodial responsibilities. Except in cases where applicants/loans do not meet program requirements, or extreme delinquency, ZuntaFi provides complete program management. ZuntaFi is paid a monthly servicing fee based on the principal balance outstanding. This servicing fee is presented as part of professional fees within noninterest expense. 
 
 The following table sets forth the maturities of the Bank s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Amounts presented are shown by maturity dates rather than repricing periods: 
 (In thousands) Due in one year or less Due between one to five years Due between five to fifteen years Due after fifteen years Total Commercial and agricultural 45,111 57,155 10,490 112,756 Real estate construction development 100,331 51,979 152,310 Real estate mortgage 24,790 202,120 201,108 244,096 672,114 All other loans 588 1,874 2,055 40,075 44,592 Total loans 170,820 313,128 213,653 284,171 981,772 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the average yield on loans was 4.7 and 4.5 , respectively. Rate floors are occasionally used to mitigate interest rate risk if interest rates fall, as well as to compensate for additional credit risk under current market conditions. The loan portfolio is generally comprised of short-term or floating-rate loans that adjust in alignment to changes in market rates of interest. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 37.1 and 45.8 , respectively, of the loan portfolio consisted of floating rate instruments, with the majority of those tied to the prime rate. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the contractual maturities of the Bank s fixed and floating-rate loans at December 31, 2022. Amounts presented are shown by maturity dates rather than repricing periods, and do not consider renewals or prepayments of loans: 
 (In thousands) Due in one year or less Due between one to five years Due between five to fifteen years Due after fifteen years Total Loans with fixed rates: Commercial and industrial 2,011 9,424 11,435 Real estate mortgage 21,188 180,926 106,801 244,392 553,307 RE construction development 11,917 22,377 34,294 Agricultural 17,105 5,803 22,908 Installment and student loans 56 1,374 1,430 Total loans with fixed rates 35,172 231,206 112,604 244,392 623,374 Loans with variable rates: Commercial and industrial 22,325 26,694 72 49,091 Real estate mortgage 3,602 21,179 62,377 31,632 118,790 RE construction development 88,415 29,602 118,017 Agricultural 20,774 4,448 4,615 29,837 Installment and student loans 531 42,132 42,663 Total loans with variable rates 135,647 81,923 109,196 31,632 358,398 Total Loans 170,819 313,129 221,800 276,024 981,772 
 
 Securities 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding carrying values and percentage of total carrying value of available-for-sale securities for the years indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Carrying Value Percent of Total Carrying Value Percent of Total Available-for-sale: U.S. Government agencies 8,231 4.0 33,376 18.7 U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations 97,218 46.7 64,735 36.1 Corporate bonds 32,702 15.8 11,422 6.4 Asset-backed securities 4,130 2.3 Municipal bonds 40,170 19.4 50,052 28.0 U.S. Treasury securities 29,224 14.1 15,187 8.5 Total available-for-sale 207,545 100.0 178,902 100.0 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no securities classified as held to maturity. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The contractual maturities of investment securities as well as yields based on carrying value of those securities at December 31, 2022 are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 One year or less Between one to five years Between five to ten years After ten years Total (Dollars in thousands) Amount Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) Available-for-sale: U.S. Government agencies 5,390 4.71 2,841 4.11 8,231 4.50 U.S. Government sponsored entities agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations 171 1.52 119 3.88 6,173 2.99 90,754 2.53 97,217 2.56 Corporate bonds 16,399 3.23 16,303 3.96 32,702 3.59 Municipal bonds 98 1.31 1,502 1.35 34,576 1.75 3,995 1.92 40,171 1.75 U.S. Treasury securities 17,053 2.68 12,171 1.31 29,224 2.11 Total amortized cost 269 1.44 18,020 3.08 79,495 2.70 109,761 2.41 207,545 2.58 (1) Weighted average yields are not computed on a tax equivalent basis 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, available-for-sale securities with an amortized cost of approximately 78.8 million and 94.9 million, respectively (fair value of 69.0 million and 95.2 million, respectively) were pledged as collateral for public funds and FHLB borrowings. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized unrealized losses of 429,000 related to marketable equity securities within the consolidated statements of income, compared to unrealized losses of 106,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Deposits 
 
 The Bank attracts commercial deposits primarily from local businesses and professionals, as well as retail checking accounts, savings accounts and time deposits. Core deposits, consisting of all deposits other than time deposits of 250,000 or more and brokered deposits, continue to provide the foundation for the Bank s principal sources of funding and liquidity. Core deposits amounted to 98.7 and 98.2 of the total deposit portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank currently holds no brokered deposits as part of its continuing effort to maintain sufficient liquidity without a reliance on brokered deposits. 
 
 The following table sets forth the year-end amounts of deposits and balances as a percentage of total deposits by category for the years indicated: 
 December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Noninterest-bearing deposits 481,629 41.32 476,749 40.13 4,880 Interest-bearing deposits: NOW and money market accounts 499,861 42.89 529,841 44.60 (29,980) Savings accounts 125,946 10.81 113,930 9.59 12,016 Time deposits: Under 250,000 42,933 3.68 46,631 3.92 (3,698) 250,000 and over 15,115 1.30 20,955 1.76 (5,840) Total interest-bearing deposits 683,855 58.68 711,357 59.87 (27,502) Total deposits 1,165,484 100.00 1,188,106 100.00 (22,622) 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank s deposit base consists of two major components represented by noninterest-bearing (demand) deposits and interest-bearing deposits. Interest-bearing deposits consist of time certificates, NOW and money market accounts, and savings deposits. During the year ended December 31, 2022, s avings accounts increased 10.5 , noninterest-bearing deposits increased 1.0 , total time deposits decreased 14.1 , and NOW and money market deposits decreased 5.7 . Uninsured deposits totaled 706.2 million and 739.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included at December 31, 2022, are 15.1 million in uninsured time deposits exceeding 250,000, of which 3.1 million mature in three months or less, 6.6 million mature between three to twelve months, and 5.4 million mature in one to three years. 
 
 On a year-to-date average basis, total deposits increased 123.3 million, or 11.3 , between the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. Interest-bearing deposits increased by 78.8 million, or 12.1 , and noninterest-bearing deposits increased 44.4 million, or 10.0 , during 2022. On average, balances increased in all categories between the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table sets forth the average deposits and average rates paid on those deposits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Rate Average Balance Rate Interest-bearing deposits: NOW and money market accounts 534,947 0.43 476,872 0.29 Savings 123,396 0.11 106,979 0.11 Time deposits 69,741 0.54 65,386 0.62 Total interest-bearing deposits 728,084.00 649,237 Noninterest-bearing deposits 488,053 443,639 Total deposits 1,216,137 1,092,876 
 
 The following tables set forth estimated deposits exceeding the FDIC insurance limits for the years indicated: 
 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Uninsured deposits 706,183 739,443 
 
 December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Three months of less Over three months through six months Over six months through twelve months Over twelve months Total Uninsured time deposits (1) 
 362 412 3,419 1,173 5,366 
 (1) Represents amount over insurance limit 
 
 Short-term Borrowings 
 
 The Bank has access to short-term borrowings which may consist of federal funds purchased, discount window borrowings, securities sold under agreements to repurchase repurchase agreements ), and Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances as alternatives to retail deposit funds. Collateralized and uncollateralized lines of credit have been established with several correspondent banks. The FRB discount window, as well as a securities dealer, may also be accessed as needed. Funds may be borrowed in the future as part of the Company s asset/liability strategy, and may be used to acquire assets as deemed appropriate by management for investment purposes or for capital utilization purposes. Federal funds purchased represent temporary overnight borrowings from correspondent banks and are generally unsecured. Repurchase agreements are collateralized by mortgage backed securities and securities of U.S. Government agencies, and generally have maturities of one to six months, but may have longer maturities if deemed appropriate. FHLB advances are collateralized by investments in FHLB stock, securities, and certain qualifying mortgage loans. Additionally, borrowings collateralized by pledged loans may be secured from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco (FRB). Credit lines are subject to periodic review by the credit lines grantors relative to the Company s financial statements. Lines of credit may be modified or revoked at any time. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Lines of credit with the FRB of 435.6 million and 320.6 million, as well as FHLB lines of credit totaling 2.2 million and 3.1 million were available at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company maintains a 50 million uncollateralized line of credit with Pacific Coast Bankers Bank, a 40 million million uncollateralized line of credit with PNC Bank, a 20 million uncollateralized line of credit with Zion s Bank, and a 10 million uncollateralized line of credit with Union Bank. At December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding balances drawn against any lines of credit. These lines of credit generally have interest rates tied to the Federal Funds rate or are indexed to short-term U.S. Treasury rates or LIBOR. 
 
 Asset Quality and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Lending money is the principal business activity, and ensuring appropriate evaluation, diversification, and control of credit risks is a primary management responsibility. Losses are implicit in lending activities and the amount of such losses will vary, depending on the risk characteristics of the loan portfolio as affected by local economic conditions and the financial experience of borrowers. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level deemed appropriate by management to provide for known and inherent risks in existing loans and commitments to extend credit. The adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is based upon management s continuing assessment of various factors affecting the collectability of loans and commitments to extend credit, including current economic conditions, past credit experience, collateral, and concentrations of credit. There is no precise method of predicting specific losses which may ultimately be charged off on particular segments of the loan portfolio. The conclusion that a loan may become uncollectible, either in part or in whole is judgmental and subject to economic, environmental, and other conditions which cannot be predicted with certainty. The allowance for credit losses is determined in accordance with GAAP and the guidelines set forth in the Revised Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Statement issued by banking regulators in December 2006. The Statement is a revision of the previous guidance released in July 2001, and outlines characteristics that should be used in the segmentation of the loan portfolio for analytical purposes such as including risk classification, past due status, type of loan, industry, and collateral. It also outlines factors to consider when adjusting the loss factors for various segments of the loan portfolio and updates previous guidance that describes the responsibilities of the board of directors, management, and bank examiners regarding the allowance for credit losses. Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 102, released during July 2001, provides additional guidance regarding methodologies and supporting documentation for the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses includes an asset-specific component, as well as a general or formula-based component. The loan portfolio is divided into eight (8) segments and categorized primarily by loan class homogeneity and commonality of purpose for analysis under the formula-based component of the allowance. Loans which are determined to be impaired under current accounting guidelines are not subject to the formula-based reserve analysis, and are instead evaluated individually for specific impairment under the asset-specific component of the allowance. 
 
 The eight (8) segments of the loan portfolio are as follows (subtotals are provided as needed to allow the reader to reconcile the amounts to loan classifications reported elsewhere in this report): 
 Loan Segments for Loan Loss Reserve Analysis December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Commercial and business loans 59,925 42,194 Government program loans 85 3,310 Total commercial and industrial 60,010 45,504 Real estate mortgage: Commercial real estate 398,624 331,050 Residential mortgages 273,442 226,926 Home improvement and home equity loans 49 80 Total real estate mortgage 672,115 558,056 Real estate construction and development 152,310 154,270 Agricultural 52,745 60,239 Installment and student loans 44,592 51,245 Total loans 981,772 869,314 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The methodology for assessing the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses consists of several key elements, which include: 
 - the formula allowance; 
 - specific allowances for problem graded loans identified as impaired; 
 
 The formula allowance is calculated by applying loss factors to outstanding loans. Loss factors are based on the historical loss experience and on the internal risk grade of those loans and may be adjusted for significant factors that, in management s judgment, affect the collectability of the portfolio as of the evaluation date. Factors that may affect collectability of the loan portfolio include: 
 
 Levels of, and trends in delinquencies and nonaccrual loans; 
 Trends in volumes and term of loans; 
 Effects of any changes in lending policies and procedures including those for underwriting, collection, charge-off, and recovery; 
 Experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff; 
 National and local economic trends and conditions; and 
 Concentrations of credit that might affect loss experience across one or more components of the portfolio, including high-balance loan concentrations and participations. 
 
 Management determines the loss factors for loans based on a loss migration model. The migration analysis incorporates loan losses over the previous quarters as determined by management (time horizons adjusted as business cycles or environment changes). Loss factors are adjusted to recognize and quantify the loss exposure due to changes in market conditions as well as trends in the loan portfolio. For purposes of analysis, loans are grouped by internal risk classifications and categorized as pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful, or loss. Certain loans are homogeneous in nature and are therefore pooled by risk grade. These homogeneous loans include consumer installment and home equity loans. Special mention loans are currently performing but are potentially weak, as the borrower has begun to exhibit deteriorating trends which, if not corrected, could jeopardize repayment of the loan and result in further downgrades. Substandard loans have well-defined weaknesses which, if not corrected, could jeopardize the full satisfaction of the debt. A loan classified as doubtful has critical weaknesses that make full collection of the obligation improbable. Classified loans include impaired loans and loans categorized as substandard, doubtful, and loss, which are not considered impaired. At December 31, 2022, impaired and classified loans totaled 15.6 million, or 1.6 , of gross loans as compared to 13.7 million, or 1.6 , of gross loans at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loan participations are reviewed for allowance adequacy under the same guidelines as other loans in the portfolio, with an additional participation factor added, if required, for specific risks associated with participations. In general, participations are subject to certain thresholds and are reviewed for geographic location as well as the financial status of the underlying agent bank. 
 
 The formula allowance includes reserves for certain off-balance sheet risks including letters of credit, unfunded loan commitments, and lines of credit. Reserves for undisbursed commitments are generally formula allocations based on historical loss experience and other loss factors, rather than specific loss contingencies. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the formula reserve allocated to undisbursed commitments totaled 532,000 and 669,000, respectively. The reserve for unfunded commitments is considered a reserve for contingent liabilities and is therefore carried as a liability on the balance sheet for all periods presented. 
 
 Specific allowances are established based on management s periodic evaluation of loss exposure inherent in impaired loans. For impaired loans, specific allowances are determined based on the net realizable value of the underlying collateral, the net present value of the anticipated cash flows, or the market value of the underlying assets. Formula allowances for classified loans, excluding impaired loans, are determined on the basis of additional risks involved with individual loans that may be in excess of risk factors associated with the loan portfolio as a whole. The specific allowance is different from the formula allowance in that the specific allowance is determined on a loan-by-loan basis based on risk factors directly related to a particular loan, as opposed to the formula allowance which is determined for a pool of loans with similar risk characteristics, based on past historical trends and other risk factors which may be relevant on an ongoing basis. The specific allowance for impaired loans is measured based on the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 
 
 The unallocated portion of the allowance is based upon management s evaluation of various conditions that are not directly measured in the determination of the formula and specific allowances. The conditions may include, but are not limited to, general economic and business conditions affecting key lending areas, credit quality trends, collateral values, loan volumes and concentrations, and other business conditions. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the specific allowance, formula allowance, and unallocated allowance for the years ended:: 
 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Specific allowance impaired loans 53 130 Formula allowance classified loans not impaired 53 523 Formula allowance special mention loans 218 503 Total allowance for special mention and classified loans 324 1,156 Formula allowance for pass loans 8,827 7,408 Unallocated allowance 1,031 769 Total allowance 10,182 9,333 Impaired loans 15,628 12,034 Classified loans not considered impaired 1,645 Total classified and impaired loans 15,628 13,679 Special mention loans not considered impaired 27,237 40,289 
 
 The following table summarizes allowance for loan losses, nonperforming loans, and classified loans for the years ended: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan losses ALLL - beginning of period 9,333 8,522 Net loans charged-off during period 952 1,296 Provision for credit loss 1,802 2,107 Allowance for loan losses - end of period 10,183 9,333 Loans outstanding at period-end 981,772 869,314 ALLL as of loans at period-end 1.04 1.07 Nonaccrual loans 14,544 11,438 Accruing restructured loans 141 176 Loans, past due 90 days or more, still accruing 252 453 Total non-performing loans 14,937 12,067 ALLL as of nonperforming loans 68.17 77.34 Impaired loans 15,628 12,034 Classified loans not considered impaired 1,645 Total classified and impaired loans 15,628 13,679 ALLL as of classified loans 65.16 68.23 
 
 Impaired loans increased 3.6 million between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 and the specific allowance related to those impaired loans decreased 77,000 between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The increase in impaired loans was due primarily to the addition of one collateral-backed, real estate construction loan. The level of pass loans increased approximately 123.8 million between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, and the related formula allowance increased 1,419,000 during the same period. The formula allowance for pass loans is derived from loss factors using migration analysis and management s consideration of qualitative factors. The increase in formula allowance for pass loans was partially attributed to an adjustment in qualitative factors for economic uncertainty. The unallocated reserve totaled 1,031,000, or 10.1 of the total allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022, and 769,000, or 8.2 , of the total allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2021. In evaluating the level of the unallocated reserve, management considered loan relationships, construction and land development concentrations, and loss history relative to peers. 
 
 The general reserve requirements (ASC 450-70) were adjusted as a result of the overall condition of the local, state, and national economies and resultant impact on the local lending base. This has resulted in an increased qualitative component being used for the general reserve calculation. The stake-in-the-ground methodology requires the Company to use December 31, 2005 as the starting point of the look-back period to capture loss history and better capture an entire economic cycle. Time 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 horizons are subject to management s assessment of the current period, taking into consideration changes in business cycles and environment changes. 
 
 The amount of impaired loans is not directly comparable to the amount of nonperforming loans. The primary differences between impaired loans and nonperforming loans are: (i) all loan categories are considered in determining nonperforming loans while impaired loan recognition is limited to commercial and industrial loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, construction loans, and agricultural loans, and (ii) impaired loan recognition considers not only loans 90 days or more past due, restructured loans and nonaccrual loans, but may also include problem loans other than delinquent loans. 
 
 A loan is considered to be impaired when, based upon current information and events, it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans include nonaccrual loans, troubled debt restructurings, and performing loans in which full payment of principal or interest is not expected. Management bases the measurement of these impaired loans either on the fair value of the loan s collateral or the expected cash flows on the loans discounted at the loan s stated interest rates. Cash receipts on impaired loans not performing to contractual terms and that are on nonaccrual status are used to reduce principal balances. Impairment losses are included in the allowance for credit losses through a charge to the allowance, if applicable. 
 
 The following table sets forth impaired loan balances and related allowances for the years ended: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Balance Allowance Balance Allowance Impaired loans with specific allowance 249 52 355 130 Impaired loans without specific allowance 15,379 11,679 Total recorded investment 15,628 52 12,034 130 Average recorded investment 12,663 12,813 
 
 Specific allowances are allocated only to impaired loans that are not collateral dependent. During 2022, balances for loans with allocated allowances decreased while collateral-dependent impaired loan balances increased. I n most cases, the Company uses the cash basis method of income recognition for impaired loans. In the case of certain troubled debt restructuring for which the loan is performing under the current contractual terms, income is recognized under the accrual method. Interest recognized totaled 288,000 and 319,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The largest category of impaired loans at December 31, 2022 was real estate construction and development loans, comprising 92.4 of total impaired loans. Impaired construction loans increased 3.2 million, impaired agricultural loans increased 389,000, and impaired real estate mortgage loans decreased 5,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Specific collateral related to impaired loans is reviewed for current appraisal information, economic trends within geographic markets, loan-to-value ratios, and other factors that may impact the value of the loan collateral. Adjustments are made to collateral values as needed for these factors. Of total impaired loans, approximately 14.6 million, or 93.3 , were secured by real estate at December 31, 2022, as compared to 11.4 million, or 94.5 , of total impaired loans at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table summarizes the components of impaired loans and their related specific allowance at: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Balance Allowance Balance Allowance Real estate mortgage 141 4 146 3 Real estate construction and development 14,436 11,226 Agricultural 1,051 48 662 127 Total impaired loans 15,628 52 12,034 130 
 
 Included in impaired loans are loans modified in troubled debt restructurings (TDRs), where concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties in an attempt to enhance collection. The Company makes various types of concessions when structuring TDRs including rate reductions, payment extensions, and forbearance. 
 
 Total TDRs decreased by 17.5 at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. Nonaccrual TDRs decreased by 17.3 and accruing TDRs decreased by 19.9 over the same period. Concessions granted include lengthened maturities and/ 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 or rate reductions that enabled the borrower to complete projects. Current decreases are related to a recovering real estate market. 
 
 The following tables summarizes TDRs by type, classified separately as nonaccrual or accrual, which are included in impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 December 31, 2022 (In thousands 
 Total TDRs Nonaccrual TDRs Accruing TDRs Real estate - mortgage: Residential mortgages 141 141 Total real estate mortgage 141 141 Real estate construction and development 1,892 1,892 Agricultural 108 108 Total Troubled Debt Restructurings 2,141 2,000 141 
 
 December 31, 2021 (In thousands 
 Total TDRs Nonaccrual TDRs Accruing TDRs Real estate - mortgage: Residential mortgages 146 146 Total real estate mortgage 146 146 Real estate construction and development 2,206 2,206 Agricultural 242 212 30 Total Troubled Debt Restructurings 2,594 2,418 176 
 
 Total TDRs decreased 453,000 during the period ended December 31, 2022 and nonaccrual TDRs decreased 418,000 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no commercial real estate (CRE) workouts whereby an existing loan was restructured into multiple new loans. 
 
 For a restructured loan to return to accrual status, there needs to be at least six months of successful payment history. In addition, the Company s credit administration department performs a financial analysis of the credit to determine whether the borrower has the ability to continue to perform successfully over the remaining life of the loan. This includes, but is not limited to, a review of financial statements and a cash flow analysis of the borrower. Only after determining that the borrower has the ability to perform under the terms of the loans will the restructured credit be considered for accrual status. 
 
 The following table summarizes special mention loans by type for the years ended:. 
 December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Commercial and industrial 200 Real estate - mortgage: Commercial real estate 26,019 29,092 Agricultural 1,017 11,197 Total Special Mention Loans 27,236 40,289 
 
 The Company focuses on competition and other economic conditions within its market area and other geographical areas in which it does business, which may ultimately affect the risk assessment of the portfolio. The Company continues to experience increased competition from major banks, local community banks, and non-bank institutions which creates pressure on loan pricing. The Company continues to place increased emphasis on reducing both the level of nonperforming assets and the level of losses on the disposition of these assets. Management believes it is in the best interest of both the Company and the borrowers to seek alternative options to foreclosure in an effort to reduce the impacts on the real estate market. As part of this strategy, the Company enters into troubled debt restructurings when it improves collection prospects. While business and 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 consumer spending have shown improvement over the last several years, it is difficult to forecast the impact elevated inflation rates will have on the economy. Management recognizes the increased risk of loss due to the Company s exposure to local and worldwide economic conditions, as well as potentially volatile real estate markets, and takes these factors into consideration when analyzing the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the Company s allowance for credit losses, provisions made to that allowance, and charge-off and recovery activity affecting the allowance for the years indicated: 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Total loans outstanding at end of period before deducting allowances for credit losses 980,178 871,533 Average net loans outstanding during period 924,280 779,062 Balance of allowance at beginning of period 9,333 8,522 Loans charged off: Installment and student loans (1,364) (1,543) Recoveries of loans previously charged off: Real estate 42 18 Commercial, industrial agricultural 306 91 Installment and student loans 62 138 Total loan recoveries 410 247 Net loans charged off (954) (1,296) Provision charged to operating expense 1,802 2,107 Balance of allowance for credit losses at end of period 10,181 9,333 Net loan charge-offs to total average loans (0.10) (0.17) Net loan charge-offs to loans at end of period (0.10) (0.15) Allowance for credit losses to total loans at end of period 1.04 1.07 Net loan charge-offs to allowance for credit losses (9.37) (13.89) Net loan charge-offs to provision for credit losses (52.94) (61.51) 
 
 Loan charge-offs decreased 179,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Loan recoveries increased 247,000 during the same period. Student loan charge-offs totaled 1.3 million and 1.4 million during the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The following provides a summary of the Company s net charge-offs as a percentage of average loan balances in each category for the years indicated: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loan Balance Percentage Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loan Balance Percentage Commercial and industrial (271) 49,237 (0.55) (91) 48,959 (0.19) Real estate mortgages (42) 603,573 (0.01) (18) 444,058 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 532,000 and 669,000, respectively, of the formula allowance was allocated to unfunded loan commitments and was, therefore, carried separately in Other Liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Management believes that the 1.04 credit loss allowance to total loans at December 31, 2022 is adequate to absorb known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio. There is no guarantee, however, against economic conditions or other circumstances materializing which could adversely affect the Company s service areas resulting in increased losses in the loan portfolio not 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 captured by the current allowance for loan losses. Management is not currently aware of any conditions that may adversely affect the levels of losses incurred in the Company s loan portfolio. 
 
 The allocations to specific loan categories are estimates based upon the same factors considered by management in determining the amount of additional provisions to the credit loss allowance and the overall adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. The unallocated portion provides for coverage of credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio but not captured in the loss factors used in the risk rating-based component or in the specific impairment reserve component of the allowance for credit losses. The unallocated portion acknowledges the inherent imprecision of all loss prediction models. 
 
 The following table sets forth the allowance for credit loss and total loan percentages by category for the period ended: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Allowance for Credit Losses Total Loans (1) 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Total Loans (1) Commercial and industrial 955 6.1 597 5.2 Real estate mortgage 1,363 68.5 1,174 64.2 Real estate construction and development 3,409 15.5 2,840 17.8 Agricultural 525 5.4 1,233 6.9 Installment and student loans 2,898 4.5 2,720 5.9 Unallocated 1,032 769 Total allowance for credit losses 10,182 100.0 9,333 100.0 
 (1) Represents percentage of loans in category to total loans 
 
 During 2022, reserve allocations as a percentage of loans decreased for commercial and industrial, real estate construction and development, and installment and student loans These decreases are a result of a combination of factors including decreases in charge-offs, classified and past due loans, and credit quality improvements. The decrease in reserves was attributed to a decrease in the loss factor for the agricultural segment. Reserves for installment and student loans increased although the allowance as a percentage of loans decreased for that segment. 
 
 During 2021, reserve allocations as a percentage of loans decreased for commercial and industrial, real estate mortgage, and agricultural loans. These decreases are a result of a combination of factors including decreases in charge-offs, classified and past due loans, and credit quality improvements. Increases in reserve allocations for real estate construction and development loans were primarily due to the growth of the loan segment, adjusted by the change in the qualitative factors related to portfolio concentrations. Increases in reserve allocations for installment loans were a result of an increase in loss factors attributed to the student loan portfolio and qualitative adjustments related to student loan forbearance balances. The qualitative adjustments related to the student loan forbearance balances resulted in a 5 reserve for pharmacy school forbearance balances and a 15 reserve for medical school forbearance balances. 
 
 The following summarizes the allowance for credit losses related to the specific, formula, and unallocated reserves for the years ended: 
 December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Formula allowance 9,098 8,434 Specific allowance 53 130 Unallocated allowance 1,031 769 Total allowance 10,182 9,333 
 
 The total formula allowance has increased in the current period as a result of increased loan balances, qualitative adjustments for economic uncertainties, and qualitative adjustments related to student loans. 
 
 No loans were classified as doubtful at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The accrual of interest income on loans is discontinued when reasonable doubt exists with respect to the timely collectability of interest or principal due to the inability of the borrower to comply with the terms of the loan agreement. With the exception of student loans, loans are typically placed on nonaccrual status when the payment of principal or interest is 90 days past due, or earlier if warranted. Interest collected thereafter is credited to principal to the extent necessary to eliminate doubt as to the collectability of the net carrying amount of the loan. Exceptions may be granted to this policy if the loans are well secured and in the process of collection. 
 
 The following table sets forth nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans (1) 14,544 11,438 Accruing restructured loans 141 176 Loans, past due 90 days or more, still accruing 252 453 Total non-performing loans 14,937 12,067 Other real estate owned 4,582 4,582 Total non-performing assets 19,519 16,649 Non-performing loans to total gross loans 1.52 1.39 Non-performing assets to total gross loans 1.99 1.92 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 68.17 77.34 
 (1) Included in nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are restructured loans totaling 2,000 and 2,418, respectively. 
 
 Non-performing assets at December 31, 2022 increased 2.9 million between December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, due to increases of 3.1 million in nonaccrual loans, offset by decreases in accruing restructured loans and accruing loans past due 90 days. 
 
 Non-performing assets decreased 899,000 between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, due to decreases of 359,000 in accruing restructured loans, decreases of 58,000 in nonaccrual loans, and decreases in other real estate owned. 
 
 The loan portfolio increased from 869.3 million at December 31, 2021 to 981.8 million at December 31, 2022. Nonperforming loans increased to 14.9 million at December 31, 2022, from 12.1 million at December 31, 2021. Nonaccrual loans and accruing restructured loans are included in nonperforming loans. During the same period, total impaired and classified loans increased from 13.7 million at December 31, 2021, to 15.6 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table summarizes various nonperforming components of the loan portfolio as compared to total loans for the years ended: 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Provision for credit losses during period 1,802 2,107 Allowance as of nonaccrual loans 68.17 77.34 Nonperforming loans as total loans 1.52 1.39 Restructured loans as total loans 0.22 0.30 
 
 In determining the adequacy of the underlying collateral related to these loans, management monitors trends within specific geographical areas, loan-to-value ratios, appraisals, and other credit issues related to specific loans. 
 
 Management continues to monitor and reduce the level of problem assets by working with borrowers to identify options, such as loan restructurings, which may help borrowers facing difficulties. The number of restructured loans has been greatly reduced over the last four years. Net loan charge-offs during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 1.0 million, compared to 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Approximately 24 loans were charged-off during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 39 loans during the year ended December 31, 2021. Charge-offs of 1.3 million during the year were 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 related to the student loan portfolio. The percentage of net charge-offs to average loans was 0.10 , for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table summarizes the nonaccrual totals by loan category for the years ended: 
 December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Real estate - construction 14,436 11,226 3,210 Agricultural 108 212 (104) Total Nonaccrual Loans 14,544 11,438 3,106 
 
 Loans past due more than 30 days receive management attention and are monitored for increased risk. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans past due more than 30 days totaled 14.1 million and 18.4 million, respectively. Impaired loans, nonaccrual, and restructured loans are reviewed for specific reserve allocations and the allowance for credit losses is adjusted accordingly. 
 
 Except for the loans included in the above tables, there were no loans at December 31, 2022, where the known credit problems of a borrower made doubtful the ability of such borrower to comply with the present loan repayment terms resulting in such loan being included as nonaccrual, past due, or restructured at some future date. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company s asset/liability management, liquidity strategy, and capital planning are guided by policies, formulated and monitored by the Asset/Liability Committee ALCO and Management, to provide adequate liquidity and maintain an appropriate balance between interest-sensitive assets and interest-sensitive liabilities. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity management may be described as the ability to maintain sufficient cash flows to fulfill both on- and off-balance sheet financial obligations, including loan funding commitments and customer deposit withdrawals, without straining the Company s equity structure. To maintain an adequate liquidity position, the Company relies on, in addition to cash and cash equivalents, cash inflows from deposits and short-term borrowings, repayments of principal on loans and investments, and net interest income received. The Company s principal cash outflows are for loan origination, purchases of investment securities, depositor withdrawals and payment of operating expenses. 
 
 The Company s liquid asset base, which generally consists of cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, and investment securities, is maintained at levels deemed sufficient to provide the cash necessary to fund loan growth, unfunded loan commitments, and deposit runoff. Included in this framework is the objective of maximizing the yield on earning assets. This is generally achieved by maintaining a high percentage of earning assets in loans and investment securities, which are higher yielding assets compared to cash. 
 
 The following table sets forth asset balances for the period ended: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Total Assets Balance Total Assets Cash and cash equivalents 38,595 3.0 219,219 16.5 Net loans 980,178 75.4 871,533 65.5 Investment securities 210,860 16.2 182,646 13.7 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the loan to deposit ratio was 84.1 as compared to a loan to deposit ratio of 73.4 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liabilities used to fund liquidity sources include core and non-core deposits as well as short-term borrowings capability. Core deposits, which comprised approximately 98.7 of total deposits at December 31, 2022, provide a significant and stable funding source for the Company. At December 31, 2022, unused lines of credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank, Pacific 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Coast Banker s Bank, Zion s Bank, Union Bank and the Federal Reserve Bank totaling 517.8 million were collateralized in part by certain qualifying loans in the Company s loan portfolio. The carrying value of loans pledged on these used and unused borrowing lines totaled 590.4 million at December 31, 2022. For a further detail of the Company s borrowing arrangements, see Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased 180.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, and decreased 74.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year: 219,219 294,069 Cash flows from operating activities: 23,700 16,550 Cash flows from investing activities: (174,233) (319,366) Cash flows from financing activities: (30,091) 227,966 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year: 38,595 219,219 

The Company had a net cash inflows from operations of 23.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 16.6 million for the period ended December 31, 2021. The Company experienced net cash outflows from investing activities totaling 174.2 million and 319.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The net cash outflow from investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of purchases of residential mortgage loan pools and purchases of investment securities. The net cash outflow from financing activities totaling 30.1 million was due primarily to decreases in demand deposits, time deposits, and savings accounts. 
 
 Liquidity risk arises from the possibility the Company may not be able to satisfy current or future financial commitments, or the Company may become unduly reliant on alternative funding sources. The Company maintains a liquidity risk management policy and contingency funding plan to address and manage this risk. The policy identifies the primary sources of liquidity, sets wholesale funding limits, establishes procedures for monitoring and measuring liquidity, and establishes minimum liquidity requirements in compliance with regulatory guidance. The liquidity position is continually monitored and reported on a monthly basis to the Board of Directors. In addition to ongoing monitoring, the Company performs liquidity stress testing in accordance with industry best practices to ensure cash flow requirements are met under stressed scenarios. 
 
 The liquidity of the parent company, United Security Bancshares, is separate from the Bank and is primarily dependent on the payment of cash dividends by its subsidiary, United Security Bank, subject to limitations imposed by the Financial Code of the State of California and federal and state banking regulations. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Bank paid 7.9 million in cash dividends to the parent company. 
 
 Capital and Dividends 
 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements adopted by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Board of Governors ). Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandates and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 
 The Company has adopted a capital plan that includes guidelines and trigger points to ensure sufficient capital is maintained at the Bank and the Company, and that capital ratios are maintained at a level deemed appropriate under regulatory guidelines given the level of classified assets, concentrations of credit, allowance for credit losses, current and projected growth, and projected retained earnings. The capital plan also contains contingency strategies to obtain additional capital as required to fulfill future capital requirements for both the Bank, as a separate legal entity, and the Company on a consolidated basis. The capital plan includes a target for the Bank to maintain a ratio of tangible shareholders equity to total tangible assets equal to or greater than 9 . The Bank s ratio of tangible shareholders equity to total tangible assets was 10.5 and 9.5 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company s equity capital totaled 112.5 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 120.2 million at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid 7.5 million in cash dividends to shareholders. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

For a more detailed discussion of regulatory capital requirements and dividends, see Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements, as well as under the captions Supervision and Regulation - The Company - Capital Adequacy and Supervision and Regulation - The Bank - Capital Standards set forth in Part I, Item I. of this Annual Report. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. Management believes that, under the current regulations, both will continue to meet their minimum capital requirements in the foreseeable future. 
 Reserve Balances 
 
 The FRB no longer requires depository institutions to maintain non-interest bearing reserves at specified levels against their transaction accounts and non-personal time deposits. At December 31, 2022, the Bank was not subject to a reserve requirement. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 
 The Company has identified certain accounting estimates which involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact of its financial condition or results of operations. The Company follows financial accounting and reporting policies that are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The more significant of these policies are summarized in Note 1 - Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. Not all significant accounting policies require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments. However, the policies noted below could be deemed to meet the SEC s definition of a critical accounting policy. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses represents management s estimate of probable incurred credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because it requires significant judgment. The use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic trends and conditions may be susceptible to significant variations. The loan portfolio represents the largest asset type on the consolidated balance sheet. Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements describe the methodology used to determine the allowance for credit losses. A discussion of the factors driving changes in the amount of the allowance for credit losses is included in the Asset Quality and Allowance for Credit Losses section of this financial review. 
 
 Fair Value of Junior Subordinated Debt/Trust Preferred Securities 
 
 The Company elected the fair value option related to it s junior subordinated debt. The accounting standards related to fair value measurements define how applicable assets and liabilities are to be valued, and require expanded disclosures in regard to financial instruments carried at fair value. The fair value measurement accounting standard establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework associated with the level of pricing observability utilized in measuring financial instruments at fair value. The degree of judgment utilized in measuring the fair value of financial instruments generally correlates to the level of pricing observability. Financial instruments with readily available active quoted prices, or whose fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices of related financial instruments, generally will have a higher degree of pricing observability and a lesser degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Conversely, financial instruments infrequently traded or not quoted in an active market will generally have little or no pricing observability and a higher degree of subjectivity. Pricing observability is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market, and the characteristics specific to the transaction. Determining fair values under the accounting standards may include judgments related to measurement factors that may vary from actual transactions executed in the marketplace. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fair value adjustments related to the junior subordinated debt resulted in a gain of 413,000 and a loss of 268,000, respectively. (See Notes 10 and 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about financial instruments carried at fair value.) 

Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 50 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 52 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 United Security Bancshares 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Security Bancshares and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses on loans under the incurred loss model was 10,182,000 as of December 31, 2022 and consists of three components: (1) the general or formula-based allowance utilizing the Company s loss migration history which is modeled Loss Migration Model based on the internal risk grade of outstanding loan balances by loan segment multiplied by the Company s loss experience over a time horizon adjusted as business cycles or environment change which is then adjusted for qualitative factors that, in management s judgment, affect the collectability of the loans; (2) the specific allowance, which results from the analysis of identified loans that meet management s criteria of loans to be reviewed individually to determine the amount of impairment; and (3) an unallocated allowance based on management s evaluation of conditions not directly measured in the determination of the formula or specific allowances. The Company s allowance for credit losses for loans is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on such loans and is a material and complex estimate requiring significant management judgment in the estimation of probable incurred credit losses inherent in the Company s loan portfolio. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We identified the risk rating of loans, loss rates selected and qualitative factors assigned within the Loss Migration Model as critical audit matters. The Company considers relevant credit quality indicators for each loan segment based on risk rating, and estimates loss rates for each loan segment based upon historical experience over the loss rates. The Company utilizes qualitative adjustments to the calculated loss rates to recognize and quantify changes to loss exposure for current market conditions and trends in the Company s loan portfolio as compared to the historical loss rates. The estimation of the allowance for credit losses on loans requires significant management judgment, particularly as it relates to risk rating of loans, the historical loss rates selected and qualitative factors assigned in the model. Auditing management s judgments and assumptions involved significant audit effort as well as especially challenging and subjective auditor judgment when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included: 
 
 Testing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of internal controls relating to management s review of loans and assignment of risk ratings. 
 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the Company s loan risk ratings by testing a risk-based targeted selection of loans to obtain substantive evidence that the Company is appropriately rating these loans in accordance with its policies, and that the risk ratings for the loans are reasonable and consistently applied. 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness and appropriateness of the methodology and assumptions utilized by management as it relates to the loss rates by testing completeness and accuracy of the data used in the calculation and recalculating the impact on the allowance for credit losses on loans. 
 
 Evaluating whether both the methodology used by management related to the qualitative adjustments and the adjustments used in the calculation of the allowance for credit losses on loans are reasonable based on the analysis provided by management. 
 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy and computation of the allowance for credit losses for loans, including testing completeness and accuracy of the data used in the calculation, application of the loan risk classifications, loss rates, and qualitative adjustments determined by management and used in the calculation, and recalculation of the allowance for credit losses on loans. 

/s/ 

March 29, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 

46 

Table of Contents 

 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands except share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and noninterest-bearing deposits in other banks Due from Federal Reserve Bank FRB Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities (at fair value) Available-for-sale AFS securities Marketable equity securities Total investment securities Loans Unearned fees and unamortized loan origination costs - net ) Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment - net Accrued interest receivable Other real estate owned OREO Goodwill Deferred tax assets - net Cash surrender value of life insurance Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Shareholders Equity Liabilities Deposits Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Junior subordinated debentures (at fair value) Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 14 
 Shareholders Equity Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding: at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) 2022 2021 Interest Income: Interest and fees on loans Interest on investment securities Interest on deposits in FRB Total interest income Interest Expense: Interest on deposits Interest on other borrowed funds Total interest expense Net Interest Income Provision for Credit Losses Net Interest Income after Provision for Credit Losses Noninterest Income: Customer service fees Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance Unrealized (loss) gain on fair value of marketable equity securities ) ) (Loss) gain on fair value of junior subordinated debentures ) ) Gain on sale of investment securities (Loss) gain on sale of assets ) Other Total noninterest income Noninterest Expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy expense Data processing Professional fees Regulatory assessments Director fees Correspondent bank service charges Net cost of operation and sale of OREO Other Total noninterest expense Income before provision for taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per common share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net Income Unrealized holdings (losses) gains on debt securities ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on unrecognized post-retirement costs Unrealized gain (loss) on junior subordinated debentures Other comprehensive loss, before tax ) ) Tax benefit (expense) related to debt securities Tax (expense) benefit related to unrecognized post-retirement costs ) ) Tax (expense) benefit related to junior subordinated debentures ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (In thousands, except share data) Number of Shares Amount Retained Earnings Total Balance December 31, 2020 (1) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends payable per share) 
 ) ) Restricted stock units released Tax benefit from restricted stock units released ) ) Director stock grant Stock-based compensation expense Net Income Balance December 31, 2021 (2) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends payable per share) 
 ) ) Restricted stock units released Tax benefit from restricted stock units released ) ) Director stock grant Stock options exercised Stock-based compensation expense Net Income Balance December 31, 2022 (3) ) unvested restricted shares 
 unvested restricted shares 
 unvested restricted shares 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Amortization of premium/discount on investment securities, net Gain on sale of investment securities ) (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable ) Decrease (increase) in unearned fees and unamortized loan origination costs, net ) Decrease (increase) decrease in income taxes receivable ) Stock-based compensation expense and tax benefit Provision for deferred income taxes ) ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Write down on other real estate owned Loss on sale of other real estate owned Loss on marketable equity securities Impairment loss on investment securities Loss on fair value option of junior subordinated debentures Gain on bank owned life insurance Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Loss on tax credit limited partnership interest Gain on sale of premises and equipment Amortization of intangibles Loss (gain) on sale of assets ) Net (increase) decrease in other assets ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Net decrease in interest-bearing deposits with banks Purchases of FHLB stock, FRB stock, and other securities ) ) Maturities and calls on available-for-sale securities Principal payments on available-for-sale securities Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) Purchase of bank-owned life insurance ) Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities Net increase in loans ) ) Cash proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Payoff of senior liens on other real estate owned Cash proceeds from sales of premises and equipment Proceeds from bank owned life insurance Capital expenditures of premises and equipment ) ) Investment in limited partnership ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net (decrease) increase in demand deposit and savings accounts ) Net (decrease) increase in time deposits ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Dividends on common stock ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 See N ote 16 to the Company s consolidated financial statements for supplemental cash flow disclosures. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 business segment providing banking services to commercial establishments and individuals primarily in the San Joaquin Valley, and the greater Oakhurst/East Madera County area, as well as the Campbell area of Santa Clara County. The Company s participation loans with other financial institutions are primarily in the state of California. 
 
 branches, commercial lending office, consumer lending office, and construction lending office in an area from eastern Madera County to western Fresno County, as well as Taft and Bakersfield in Kern County, and Campbell in Santa Clara County. The Bank s primary source of revenue is interest income through providing loans to customers, who are predominantly small and middle-market businesses and individuals. The Bank engages in a full complement of lending activities, including real estate mortgage, commercial and industrial, real estate construction, agricultural and consumer loans, with particular emphasis on short and medium-term obligations. 
 
 The Bank offers a wide range of deposit instruments. These include personal and business checking accounts and savings accounts, interest-bearing negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) accounts, money market accounts and time certificates of deposit. Most of the Bank s deposits are attracted from individuals and from small and medium-sized business-related sources. 
 
 The Bank also offers a wide range of specialized services designed to attract and service the needs of commercial customers and account holders. These services include cashiers checks, foreign drafts, and person-to-person and bank-to-bank transfers for consumer customers. In addition, the Bank offers Internet banking services to its commercial and retail customers. The Bank does not operate a trust department; however, it makes arrangements with its correspondent bank to offer trust services to its customers upon request. 
 
 The Bank s wholly-owned subsidiary, York Monterey Properties, Inc. YMP ), was incorporated in California on April 17, 2019, for the purpose of holding specific parcels of real estate acquired by the Bank through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosures in Monterey County. These properties exceeded the 10-year holding period for other real estate owned, or OREO. YMP was funded with a cash investment and the transfer of those parcels by the Bank to YMP. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, these properties are included within the consolidated balance sheets as part of other real estate owned. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a summary of significant policies: 
 
 a. 
 b. 
 general segments and applying the appropriate OTTI model. 
 
 The Company considers many factors in determining OTTI, including: (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, (3) whether the market decline was affected by macroeconomic conditions, and (4) whether the Company has the intent to sell the debt security or more likely than not will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery. The assessment of whether an other-than temporary decline exists involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and is based on the information available to the Company at the time of the evaluation. 
 
 Marketable equity securities are reported at fair value with gains and losses included in non interest income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 c. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

54 

Table of Contents 

 -days or more, unless the asset is both well secured and in the process of collection that will result in repayment in the near future. 
 when the loan is identified as having loss elements and/or is risk rated 8 Doubtful. 
 
 Other circumstances which jeopardize the ultimate collectability of the loan include certain troubled debt restructurings, identified loan impairment, and certain loans to facilitate the sale of OREO. 
 
 All loans, outside of student loans, where principal or interest is due and unpaid for 90 days or more are placed on nonaccrual and the accrual of interest for financial statement purposes is discontinued. Previously accrued but unpaid interest is reversed and charged against interest income. See Note 4 - Student Loans for specific information on the student loan portfolio. 
 
 When a loan is placed on non-accrual status and subsequent payments of interest (and principal) are received, the interest received may be accounted for in two separate ways. 
 
 Cost recovery method : If the loan is in doubt as to full collection, the interest received in subsequent payments is diverted from interest income and treated as a reduction of principal for financial reporting purposes. 
 
 Cash basis : This method is only used if the recorded investment or total contractual amount is expected to be fully collectible, under which circumstances the subsequent payments of interest is credited to interest income as received. 
 
 Loans on non-accrual status are usually not returned to accruing status unless and until all delinquent principal and/or interest has been brought current, there is no identified element of loss, and current and continued satisfactory performance is expected (loss of the contractual amount not the carrying amount of the loan). Repayment ability is generally demonstrated through the timely receipt of at least monthly payments on a loan with monthly amortization. 
 
 f. Impai red loans - A loan is considered impaired when based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due, including principal and interest, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. 
 
 The Company applies its normal loan review procedures in making judgments regarding probable losses and loan impairment. The Company evaluates for impairment those loans on nonaccrual status, graded doubtful, graded substandard or those that are troubled debt restructurings. The primary basis for inclusion in impaired status under generally accepted accounting pronouncements is that it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. 
 
 A loan is not considered impaired if there is merely an insignificant delay or shortfall in the amounts of payments and the Company expects to collect all amounts due, including interest accrued, at the contractual interest rate for the period of the delay. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 56 

Table of Contents 

h. 
 i. 
 j. 
 
 years Furniture and equipment - years 

k. 
 
 l. million. The Company did not recognize any impairment charges on goodwill during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 m. 
 
 n. 
 
 o. 
 
 p. 
 q. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, of stock-based compensation. 
 r. 
 s. 
 t. 
 u. 
 v. 
 w. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 x. 

2. 
 
 ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Total securities available for sale ) December 31, 2021 Securities available for sale: U.S. Government agencies ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations ) Asset-backed securities Municipal bonds ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury securities Total securities available for sale ) 
 
 Proceeds and gross realized gains (losses) from sales of investment securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Gross realized gains from sales or calls Gross realized losses from sales or calls ) 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years U.S. Government sponsored entities agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, available-for-sale securities with an amortized cost of approximately million and million (fair value of million and million, respectively) were pledged as collateral for FHLB borrowings, securitized deposits, and public funds balances. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations ) ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) ) Total impaired securities ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Securities available for sale: U.S. Government agencies ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) U.S. Treasury securities Total impaired securities ) ) ) 
 
 U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations Municipal bonds Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury securities Total impaired securities 
 
 The decline in fair value for investment securities for the periods ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 was attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality. The fast pace and large increases in interest rate during the last year have led to decreases in bond prices and increases in yields. Because the Company does not have the intent to sell these impaired securities and will otherwise not be required to sell, the Company does not consider those securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of unrealized losses related to marketable equity securities, related to one mutual fund, held at December 31, 2022 in the consolidated statements of income. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized of unrealized losses related to marketable equity securities held at December 31, 2021 in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 The Company had held-to-maturity securities at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 
 Government program loans Total commercial and industrial Real estate mortgage: Commercial real estate Residential mortgages Home improvement and home equity loans Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and development Agricultural Installment and student loans Total loans 
 
 The Company s loans are predominantly in the San Joaquin Valley, and the greater Oakhurst/East Madera County area, as well as the Campbell area of Santa Clara County. The company s participation loans with other financial institutions are primarily in the state of California. 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans represented of total loans at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. They are generally made to support the ongoing operations of small-to-medium sized commercial businesses. Commercial and industrial loans have a high degree of industry diversification and provide working capital, financing for the purchase of manufacturing plants and equipment, or funding for growth and general expansion of businesses. A substantial portion of commercial and industrial loans are secured by accounts receivable, inventory, leases, or other collateral including real estate. The remainder are unsecured; however, extensions of credit are predicated upon the financial capacity of the borrower. Repayment of commercial and industrial loans generally comes from the cash flow of the borrower. 
 
 Real estate mortgage loans, representing of total loans at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, are secured by trust deeds on primarily commercial property and by trust deeds on single family residences. Repayment of real estate mortgage loans is generally from the cash flow of the borrower. 
 
 Commercial real estate mortgage loans comprise the largest segment of this loan category and are available on all types of income producing and commercial properties, including: office buildings and shopping centers; apartments and motels; owner occupied buildings; manufacturing facilities and more. Commercial real estate mortgage loans can also be used to refinance existing debt. Commercial real estate loans are made under the premise that the loan will be repaid from the borrower s business operations, rental income associated with the real property, or personal assets. 
 Residential mortgage loans are provided to individuals to finance or refinance single-family residences. Residential mortgages are not a primary business line offered by the Company, and a majority are conventional mortgages that were purchased as a pool. 
 Home improvement and home equity loans comprise a relatively small portion of total real estate mortgage loans. Home equity loans are generally secured by junior trust deeds, but may be secured by 1 st trust deeds. 
 
 Real estate construction and development loans, representing of total loans at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, consist of loans for residential and commercial construction projects, as well as land acquisition and development, or land held for future development. Loans in this category are secured by real estate including improved and unimproved land, as well as single-family residential, multi-family residential, and commercial properties in various stages of completion. All real estate loans have established equity requirements. Repayment on construction loans generally comes from long-term mortgages with other lending institutions obtained at completion of the project or from the sale of the constructed homes to individuals. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 of total loans at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, are generally secured by land, equipment, inventory and receivables. Repayment is from the cash flow of the borrower. 
 
 Installment loans, representing of total loans at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, consist primarily of student loans as well as loans to individuals for household, family, and other personal expenditures such as credit cards, automobiles or other consumer items. See Note 4 - Student Loans for specific information on the student loan portfolio. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk to meet the financing needs of its customers. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, these financial instruments include commitments to extend credit of million and million, respectively, and standby letters of credit of million and million, respectively. These instruments involve elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. The contract amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of the involvement the Company has in off-balance sheet financial instruments. 
 
 The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amounts of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer, as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Substantially all of these commitments are at floating interest rates based on the Prime rate. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, is based on management s credit evaluation. Collateral held varies but includes accounts receivable, inventory, leases, property, plant and equipment, residential real estate, and income-producing properties. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are generally unsecured and are issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. 
 
 Retirement of director during 2022 ) New loans or advances during year Repayments during year ) ) Aggregate amount outstanding, end of year Undisbursed commitments, end of year 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Government program loans Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate loans Residential mortgages Home improvement and home equity loans Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and development loans Agricultural loans Installment and student loans Total loans 
 
 The following is a summary of delinquent loans at December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2021 Loans 30-60 Days Past Due Loans 61-89 Days Past Due Loans 90 or More Days Past Due Total Past Due Loans Current Loans Total Loans Accruing Loans 90 or More Days Past Due Commercial and business loans Government program loans Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate loans Residential mortgages Home improvement and home equity loans Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and development loans Agricultural loans Installment and student loans Total loans 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 -days or more, unless the asset is both well secured and in the process of collection that will result in repayment in the near future. 
 - When the loan is identified as having loss elements and/or is risk rated 8 Doubtful. 
 
 Loans on non-accrual status are usually not returned to accruing status unless and until all delinquent principal and/or interest has been brought current, there is no identified element of loss, and current and continued satisfactory performance is expected (loss of the contractual amount not the carrying amount of the loan). Repayment ability is generally demonstrated through the timely receipt of at least monthly payments on a loan with monthly amortization. 
 
 There were remaining undisbursed commitments to extend credit on nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Agricultural loans Total loans 
 
 Impaired Loans 
 
 A loan is considered impaired when based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due, including principal and interest, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. A loan is not considered impaired if there is merely an insignificant delay or shortfall in the amounts of payments and the Company expects to collect all amounts due, including interest accrued, at the contractual interest rate for the period of the delay. 
 
 The method for recognizing interest income on impaired loans is dependent on whether the loan is on nonaccrual status or is a troubled debt restructure. For income recognition, the existing nonaccrual and troubled debt restructuring policies are applied to impaired loans. Generally, except for certain troubled debt restructurings which are performing under the restructure agreement, the Company does not recognize interest income received on impaired loans, but reduces the carrying amount of the loan for financial reporting purposes. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Government program loans Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate loans Residential mortgages Home improvement and home equity loans Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and development loans Agricultural loans Installment and student loans Total impaired loans 
 (1) The recorded investment in loans includes accrued interest receivable of . 
 (2) Information is based on the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following is a summary of impaired loans at December 31, 2021 (in thousands). 
 December 31, 2021 Unpaid Contractual Principal Balance Recorded Investment With No Allowance (1) Recorded Investment With Allowance (1) Total Recorded Investment Related Allowance Average Recorded Investment (2) Interest Recognized (2) Commercial and business loans Government program loans Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate loans Residential mortgages Home improvement and home equity loans Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and development loans Agricultural loans Installment and student loans Total impaired loans 
 (1) The recorded investment in loans includes accrued interest receivable of . 
 (2) Information is based on the twelve month period ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Defaults Additions Principal reductions ) ) ) ) Charge-offs Ending balance Allowance for loan loss 
 
 2021 Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Residential Mortgages Home Improvement and Home Equity Real Estate Construction Development Agricultural Installment and Student Loans Total Beginning balance Defaults Principal reductions ) ) ) ) Charge-offs Ending balance Allowance for loan loss 
 
 The Company makes various types of concessions when structuring TDRs including rate reductions, payment extensions, and forbearance. At December 31, 2022, the Company had restructured loans totaling million, as compared to restructured loans totaling million at December 31, 2021. The Company had unfunded commitments outstanding for TDRs at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 As part of its credit monitoring program, the Company utilizes a risk rating system which quantifies the risk the Company estimates it has assumed during the life of a loan. The system rates the strength of the borrower and the facility or transaction, and is designed to provide a program for risk management and early detection of problems. 
 
 For each new credit approval, credit extension, renewal, or modification of existing credit facilities, the Company assigns risk ratings utilizing the rating scale identified in this policy. In addition, on an on-going basis, loans and credit facilities are reviewed for internal and external influences impacting the credit facility that would warrant a change in the risk rating. Each loan credit facility is given a risk rating that takes into account factors that materially affect credit quality. 
 
 When assigning risk ratings, the Company evaluates risk rating approaches, a facility rating and a borrower rating as follows: 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 , recent earnings trends, while perhaps somewhat cyclical, are improving and cash flows are adequate to cover debt service and fixed obligations. Real estate and asset-borrowers fully complying with all underwriting standards and performing according to projections would be assigned this rating. These also include grade 5 loans which are leveraged or on management s watch list. While still considered pass loans (loans given a grade 5), the borrower s financial condition, cash flow, or operations evidence more than average risk and short term 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Grade 3 Grades 4 and 5 pass Grade 6 special mention Grade 7 substandard Grade 8 doubtful Total 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Grade 3 Grades 4 and 5 pass Grade 6 special mention Grade 7 substandard Grade 8 doubtful Total 
 
 The Company follows consistent underwriting standards outlined in its loan policy for consumer and other homogeneous loans but does not specifically assign a risk rating when these types of loans are originated. Consumer loans are monitored for credit risk and are considered pass loans until some issue or event requires that the credit be downgraded to special mention or worse. Within the student loan portfolio, the Company does not grade these loans individually, but monitors credit quality indicators such as delinquency and program defined status codes such as forbearance. 
 
 Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The Company analyzes risk characteristics inherent in each loan portfolio segment as part of the quarterly review of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. The following summarizes some of the key risk characteristics for the segments of the loan portfolio (Consumer loans include segments): 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans Commercial loans are subject to the effects of economic cycles and tend to exhibit increased risk as economic conditions deteriorate, or if the economic downturn is prolonged. The Company considers this segment to be one of higher risk given the size of individual loans and the balances in the overall portfolio. 
 
 Government program loans This is a relatively a small part of the Company s loan portfolio, but has historically had a high percentage of loans that have migrated from pass to substandard given their vulnerability to economic cycles. 
 
 Commercial real estate loans This segment is considered to have more risk in part because of the vulnerability of commercial businesses to economic cycles as well as the exposure to fluctuations in real estate prices because most of these loans are secured by real estate. Losses in this segment have however been historically low because most of the loans are real estate secured, and the bank maintains appropriate loan-to-value ratios. 
 
 Residential mortgages This segment is considered to have low risk factors both from the Company and peer statistics. These loans are secured by first deeds of trust. 
 
 Home improvement and home equity loans Because of their junior lien position, these loans have an inherently higher risk level. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 (Recovery of provision) provision for credit losses ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Net recoveries (charge-offs) ) ) Ending balance Period-end amount allocated to: Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Ending balance 
 
 December 31, 2021 Commercial and Industrial Real Estate Mortgage Real Estate Construction and Development Agricultural Installment Unallocated Total Beginning balance Provision (recovery of provision) for credit losses ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Net recoveries (charge-offs) ) ) Ending balance Period-end amount allocated to: Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Ending balance 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Government program loans Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate loans Residential mortgage loans Home improvement and home equity loans Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and development loans Agricultural loans Installment and student loans Total loans 
 
 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Loans Individually Evaluated for Impairment Loans Collectively Evaluated for Impairment Total Loans Commercial and business loans Government program loans Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate loans Residential mortgage loans Home improvement and home equity loans Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and development loans Agricultural loans Installment and student loans Total loans 

4. 
 
 million and million in student loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 made to medical and pharmacy school students. Upon graduation the loan is automatically placed on deferment for six months. This may be extended up to 48 months for graduates enrolling in internship, medical residency, or fellowship. As approved, the student may receive additional deferment for hardship or administrative reasons in the form of forbearance for a maximum of 24 months throughout the life of the loan. Accrued interest on loans that had not entered repayment status totaled at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 there were loans within repayment, deferment, and forbearance which represented million, million, and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021, there were loans within repayment, deferment, and forbearance which represented million, million and million, respectively. No new student loans were originated or purchased during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the reserve against the student loan portfolio was million and million, respectively. There were TDRs within the portfolio as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, student loans totaling and were included in the substandard category, respectively. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Grace Repayment Deferment Forbearance Total 
 
 School - The time in which the borrower is still actively in school at least half time. No payments are expected during this stage, though the borrower may begin immediate payments. 
 
 Grace - A six month period of time granted to the borrower immediately upon graduation, or if deemed no longer an active student. Interest continues to accrue. Upon completion of the six month grace period the loan is transferred to repayment status. Additionally, if applicable, this status may represent a borrower activated to military duty while in their in-school period, they will be allowed to return to that status once their active duty has expired. The borrower must return to an at least half time status within six months of the active duty end date in order to return to an in-school status. 
 
 Repayment - The time in which the borrower is no longer actively in school at least half time, and has not received an approved grace, deferment, or forbearance. Regular payment is expected from these borrowers under an allotted payment plan. 
 
 Deferment - May be granted up to 48 months for borrowers who have begun the repayment period on their loans but are (1) actively enrolled in an eligible school at least half time, or (2) are actively enrolled in an approved and verifiable medical residency, internship, or fellowship program. 
 
 Forbearance - The period of time during which the borrower may postpone making principal and interest payments, which may be granted for either hardship or administrative reasons. Interest will continue to accrue on loans during periods of authorized forbearance. If the borrower is delinquent at the time the forbearance is granted, the delinquency will be covered by the forbearance and all accrued and unpaid interest from the date of delinquency or, if none, from the date of beginning of the forbearance period, will be capitalized at the end of each forbearance period. The term of the loan will not change and payments may be increased to allow the loan to pay off in the required time frame. A forbearance that results in only a delay in payment considered insignificant, is not a concessionary change in terms, provided the borrower affirms the obligation. Forbearance is not an uncommon status designation; this designation is standard industry practice, and is consistent with the succession of students migrating to employed medical professionals. However, additional risk is associated with this designation. 
 
 Student Loan Aging 
 
 Student loans are generally charged off at the end of the month during which an account becomes 120 days contractually past due. Accrued but unpaid interest related to charged off student loans is reversed and charged against interest income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, in accrued interest receivable was reversed due to charge-offs of million within the student loan portfolio. For the year ended December 31, 2021, in accrued interest receivable was reversed due to charge-offs of million within the student loan portfolio. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 31 - 60 days 61 - 90 days Greater than 90 days Total 

5. 
 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total premises and equipment 
 
 million and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in occupancy expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

6. 
 
 interest in a limited partnership which provides private capital for small to mid-sized businesses used to finance later stage growth, strategic acquisitions, ownership transitions, and recapitalizations, or mezzanine capital. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the total investment in this limited partnership was million, and million, respectively. The investment is accounted for under the cost method. During the year ended December 31, 2022, in income related to the limited partnership was recognized and is reflected in other non-interest income on the Consolidated Statement of Income. During the year ended December 31, 2021, was recognized and reflected in non-interest income on the Consolidated Statement of Income. Remaining unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits: NOW and money market accounts Savings accounts Time deposits: Under 250,000 250,000 and over Total interest-bearing deposits Total deposits 
 
 More than one year, but less than or equal to two years More than two years, but less than or equal to three years More than three years, but less than or equal to four years More than four years, but less than or equal to five years Greater than five years 
 
 Deposit balances representing overdrafts reclassified as loan balances totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The rates paid on these deposits were similar to those customarily paid to the Bank s customers in the normal course of business. 

8. 
 
 million. The Company had collateralized lines of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco totaling million, as well as Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) lines of credit totaling million. At December 31, 2022, the Company had uncollateralized lines of credit of million with Pacific Coast Bankers Bank (PCBB), million with PNC, million with Zions First National Bank, and million with Union Bank. All lines of credit are on an as available basis and can be revoked by the grantor at any time. These lines of credit have interest rates that are generally tied to the Federal Funds rate or are indexed to short-term U.S. Treasury rates or LIBOR. FHLB advances are collateralized by the Company s stock in the FHLB and investment securities. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, million in investment securities at FHLB were pledged as collateral for FHLB advances. Additionally, million in loans were pledged at December 31, 2022 as collateral for used and unused borrowing lines with the Federal Reserve Bank. At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowing balances. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, the Company s available lines of credit totaled . The Company had collateralized lines of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco totaling million, as well as Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) lines of credit totaling million. At December 31, 2021, the Company had uncollateralized lines of credit of million with Pacific Coast Bankers Bank (PCBB), million with PNC, million with Zions First National Bank, and million with Union Bank. All lines of credit are on an as available basis and can be revoked by the grantor at any time. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

million in investment securities at FHLB were pledged as collateral for FHLB advances. Additionally, million in real-estate secured loans were pledged at December 31, 2021, as collateral for used and unused borrowing lines with the Federal Reserve Bank. At December 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding borrowing balances. 

9. 
 
 operating leases and financing leases. 
 
 Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Sublease income Total lease cost 
 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating cash flows used in operating leases (years ended) Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease terms in years for operating leases Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Less: present value discount ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments 

10. 
 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company may redeem the junior subordinated debentures at any time at par. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 basis points, and is adjusted quarterly. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company performed a fair value measurement analysis on its junior subordinated debt using a cash flow model approach to determine the present value of those cash flows. The cash flow model utilizes the forward 3-month LIBOR curve to estimate future quarterly interest payments due over remaining life of the debt instrument. These cash flows are discounted at a rate which incorporates a current market rate for similar-term debt instruments, adjusted for additional credit and liquidity risks associated with junior subordinated debt. The discount rate used represents what a market participant would consider under the circumstances based on current market assumptions. At December 31, 2022, the total cumulative gain recorded on the debt was million. At December 31, 2021, the total cumulative recorded gain was million. 
 
 The net fair value calculation performed as of December 31, 2022 resulted in a pretax gain adjustment of for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a pretax loss adjustment of for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the fair value gain adjustment was separately presented as a million loss recognized on the consolidated statements of income, and a million gain associated with the instrument-specific credit risk recognized in other comprehensive income. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the fair value loss adjustment was separately presented as a loss recognized on the consolidated statements of income, and a gain associated with the instrument-specific credit risk recognized in other comprehensive income. The Company calculated the change in the discounted cash flows based on updated market credit spreads for the periods ended. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 
 Deferred compensation Depreciation Accrued reserves Write-down on other real estate owned Unrealized gain on retirement obligation Deferred loss ASC 825 fair value option Unrealized gain on TRUPs Unrealized loss on available for sale securities Interest on nonaccrual loans Lease liability Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: State Tax ) ) FHLB dividend ) ) Loss on limited partnership investment ) ) Deferred gain ASC 825 fair value option ) Fair value adjustments for purchase accounting ) ) Unrealized loss on TRUPs ) Deferred loan costs ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Right-of-use asset ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 The Company periodically evaluates its deferred tax assets to determine whether a valuation allowance is required based upon a determination that some or all of the deferred assets may not be ultimately realized. The Company did not record a valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 Deferred ) ) ) 2021 Current Deferred ) ) ) 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 State franchise tax, net of federal income tax benefit Other ) ) 
 
 The Company periodically reviews its tax positions under the accounting standards related to uncertainty in income taxes, which defines the criteria that an individual tax position would have to meet for some or all of the income tax benefit to be recognized in a taxable entity s financial statements. Under the guidelines, an entity should recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position if it determines that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination. The term, more likely than not, means a likelihood of more than 50 percent. In assessing whether the more-likely-than-not criterion is met, the entity should assume that the tax position will be reviewed by the applicable taxing authority and all available information is known to the taxing authority. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has uncertain tax positions. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiary file income tax returns in the U.S federal jurisdiction and California. There are filings in foreign jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by taxing authorities for years before 2019 and 2018 for Federal and California jurisdictions, respectively. 

12. 
 
 shareholder approved stock based compensation plans. 
 
 In May 2005, the Company adopted the United Security Bancshares 2005 Stock Option Plan (2005 Plan) for which shares remain reserved for issuance for options already granted to employees and directors under incentive and nonstatutory agreements. The 2005 plan expired in May 2015. While outstanding arrangements to issue shares under this plan, including options, continue in force until their expiration in May 2025, no new options will be granted under this plan. 
 
 In May 2015, the Company adopted the United Security Bancshares 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan (2015 Plan). The 2015 Plan provides for the granting of up to shares of authorized and unissued shares of common stock in the form of stock options, restricted stock units, and restricted stock awards. The 2015 Plan requires that the exercise price may not be less than the fair value of the stock at the date the option is granted, and that the option price must be paid in full at the time it is exercised. 
 
 The options granted (incentive stock options for employees and non-qualified stock options for Directors) have an exercise price at the prevailing market price on the date of grant. All options granted are exercisable each year commencing after the date of grant and expire after the date of grant. Restricted stock units are granted at the prevailing market price of the Company s stock, subject to time based vesting. Restricted stock awards are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to vesting. The cost of these awards is recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of the common stock on the date of the grant. 
 
 Under the 2005 Plan, granted options are outstanding and vested incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Under the 2015 Plan, granted stock instruments are outstanding as of December 31, 2022, of which are exercisable. Of the granted stock instruments, are restricted stock units and are nonqualified stock options. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Granted during the year Exercised during the year ) Forfeited during the year Options outstanding December 31, 2022 
 
 A summary of the status of the Company s restricted stock unit and changes during the year are presented below: 
 Shares Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value Non-vested units at December 31, 2021 Granted during the year Vested during the year ) Forfeited during the year ) Non-vested units at December 31, 2022 
 
 Included in total outstanding options at December 31, 2022, are exercisable shares at a weighted average price of , a weighted average remaining contract term of and intrinsic value of . 
 
 Included in salaries and employee benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and of share-based compensation, respectively. The related tax benefit on share-based compensation recorded in the provision for income taxes was not material to any year. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was and , respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 Weighted average fair value of stock options vested Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was and , respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 The Bank determines fair value of stock options at grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model that takes into account the stock price at the grant date, the exercise price, the expected life of the option, the volatility of the underlying stock and the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate over the expected life of the option. The Bank determines fair value of restricted stock based on the quoted stock price as of the grant date. 
 
 The expected term of options granted is derived from management s experience, which is based upon historical data on employee exercise and post-vesting behavior. The risk free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Bank s stock over a period commensurate with the expected term of the options. The Company believes that historical volatility is indicative of expectations about its future volatility over the expected term of the options. The Bank expenses the fair value of the option on a straight-line basis over the vesting period for each separate service period portion of the award. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Expected term in years Expected stock price volatility Dividend yield 

13. 
 in all employee contributions. Participants may direct the investment of their contributions to the 401(k) Plan in any of several authorized investment vehicles. The Company contributes funds to the Plan up to of the employees eligible annual compensation. Company contributions are immediately vested at the time of contribution. The Company made matching contributions of and to the 401(k) Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Salary Continuation Plan 
 
 The Company has an unfunded, non-qualified Salary Continuation Plan for senior executive officers and certain other key officers of the Company, which provides additional compensation benefits upon retirement for a period of at least years. Future compensation under the Plan is earned by the employees for services rendered through retirement and vests over a period of to years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained a total of Salary Continuation agreements. 
 
 The Company s current benefit liability is determined based upon vesting and the present value of the benefits at a corresponding discount rate. The discount rate used is an equivalent rate for high-quality investment-grade bonds with lives matching those of the service periods remaining for the salary continuation contracts, which averages approximately years. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, had been accrued to date, based on a discounted cash flow using an average discount rate of a nd , respectively, and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Salary continuation expense is included in salaries and benefits expense, and totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Included within the total Salary Continuation agreements, the Company has separate agreements with officers of the Bank and accrues for this salary continuation liability based on anticipated years of service and vesting schedules provided under the individual agreements. The policies are considered individual contracts, and the Company applies guidance contained in ASC Topic 710. Additionally, the Company purchased company owned life insurance (COLI) and bank owned life insurance policies (BOLI) on the life of the officers in connection with the salary continuation agreements. The COLI policy premiums are paid over a seven year period and the BOLI policy premiums were paid in whole upon purchase of the policies. There was no premium expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Life insurance premium expense totaled for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 For the other Salary Continuation agreements in place prior to 2015, the Company recognizes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, the amounts that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs, per the guidance contained in ASC Topic 715 Compensation . These unrecognized costs arise from changes in estimated interest 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively in unrecognized net periodic benefit costs arising from changes in interest rates used in calculating the current post-retirement liability required under the Plan. This amount represents the difference between the plan liabilities calculated under net present value calculations, and the net plan liabilities actually recorded on the Company s books at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Officer Supplemental Life Insurance Plan 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and is included on the consolidated balance sheet in cash surrender value of life insurance. These policies resulted in income, net of expense, of approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Although the Salary Continuation Plan remains unfunded, the Company intends to utilize the proceeds of such policies to settle the Plan obligations. Under Internal Revenue Service regulations, the life insurance policies are the property of the Company and are available to satisfy the Company s general creditors 

14. 

Standby letters of credit 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer, as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Substantially all of these commitments are at floating interest rates based on the prime rate, and most have fixed expiration dates. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis, and the amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, is based on management s credit evaluation. Collateral held varies but includes accounts receivable, inventory, leases, property, plant and equipment, residential real estate, and income-producing properties. Many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon and, as a result, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements of the Company. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are generally unsecured and are issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The Company s letters of credit are short-term guarantees and generally have terms from less than to approximately years. At December 31, 2022, the maximum potential amount of future undiscounted payments the Company could be required to make under outstanding standby letters of credit totaled million. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company becomes involved in litigation arising out of its normal business activities. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, believes that the ultimate liability, if any, resulting from the disposition of such claims would not be material to the financial position of the Company. 

15. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Marketable equity securities Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Deposits Junior subordinated debt 
 
 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value Quoted Prices In Active Markets for Identical Assets Level 1 Significant Other Observable Inputs Level 2 Significant Unobservable Inputs Level 3 Financial Assets: Investment securities Marketable equity securities Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Deposits Junior subordinated debt 
 
 The Company performs fair value measurements on certain assets and liabilities as the result of the application of current accounting guidelines. Some fair value measurements, such as investment securities and junior subordinated debt are performed on a recurring basis, while others, such as impairment of loans, other real estate owned, goodwill and other intangibles, are performed on a nonrecurring basis. 
 
 The Company s Level 1 financial assets consist of money market funds and highly liquid mutual funds for which fair values are based on quoted market prices. The Company s Level 2 financial assets include highly liquid debt instruments of U.S. Government agencies, collateralized mortgage obligations, corporate debt instruments, and debt obligations of states and political subdivisions, whose fair values are obtained from readily-available pricing sources for the identical or similar underlying security that may, or may not, be actively traded. The Company s Level 3 assets include certain impaired loans, other real estate owned, and goodwill where the assumptions may be made by us or third parties about assumptions that market 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Junior Subordinated Debt Discounted cash flow Market credit risk adjusted spreads 
 
 Management believes that the credit risk adjusted spread utilized in the fair value measurement of the junior subordinated debentures carried at fair value is indicative of the nonperformance risk premium a willing market participant would require under current market conditions, that is, the inactive market. Management attributes the change in fair value of the junior subordinated debentures during the period to market changes in the nonperformance expectations and pricing of this type of debt, and not as a result of changes to the entity-specific credit risk. Generally, an increase in the credit risk adjusted spread and/or a decrease in the three month LIBOR swap curve will result in positive fair value adjustments (and decrease the fair value measurement). Conversely, a decrease in the credit risk adjusted spread and/or an increase in the three month LIBOR swap curve will result in negative fair value adjustments (and increase the fair value measurement). 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government collateralized mortgage obligations Asset-backed securities Municipal bonds Treasury securities Corporate bonds Total AFS securities Marketable equity securities Total assets Liabilities: Junior subordinated debt Total liabilities 
 
 There were no non-recurring fair value adjustments at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following tables summarize the Company s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2021: 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: AFS Securities: U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government collateralized mortgage obligations Asset-backed securities Municipal bonds Treasury securities Corporate bonds Total AFS securities Marketable equity securities Total assets Liabilities: Junior subordinated debt Total liabilities 
 
 The were no non-recurring fair value adjustments at December 31, 2021. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Total losses included in earnings Total losses included in other comprehensive income ) ) Capitalized interest ) Ending balance The amount of total losses (gains) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to liabilities still held at the reporting date 

16. 
 Income Taxes Noncash activities: Unrealized losses on junior subordinated debentures, net of tax Unrealized losses on available for sale securities, net of tax ) ) Unrealized losses on unrecognized post-retirement costs, net of tax Cash dividend declared 

17. 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding Add: dilutive effect of stock options Weighted average shares outstanding adjusted for potential dilution Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Anti-dilutive shares excluded from earnings per share calculation 

86 

Table of Contents 

 18. ) ) ) ) Current period comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 

19. 
 
 unimproved lots at a historical cost of million comprised of approximately acres in the York Highlands subdivision of the Monterra Ranch residential development in Monterey County, California Properties together with cash contributions. The Bank transferred the Properties to York Monterey Properties Inc., in order to maintain ownership beyond the ten-year regulatory holding period applicable to a national bank. The Bank acquired of the lots through a non-judicial foreclosure on or about May 29, 2009. In addition, the Bank purchased of the lots from another bank. The Bank had continuously held the Properties since the date of foreclosure and acquisition. At the time of transfer, the Properties had reached the end of the ten-year regulatory holding period limit. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank s investment in York Monterey Properties Inc. totaled million. York Monterey Properties Inc. is included within the consolidated financial statements of the Company, with million of the total investment recognized within the balance of other real estate owned on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 20. 
 
 Investment in bank subsidiary Other assets Total assets Liabilities Shareholders Equity Liabilities: Junior subordinated debt securities (at fair value) Dividends declared Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders Equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding: at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 United Security Bancshares (parent only) Year ended December 31, Income Statements (In thousands) 2022 2021 Income Gain (loss) on fair value of junior subordinated debentures ) ) Dividends from subsidiary Total income Expense Interest expense Other expense Total expense Income before taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiary Provision for income taxes ) ) Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary Net Income 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary ) ) Provision for deferred income taxes Loss on fair value of junior subordinated debentures Decrease in income tax receivable Net change in other assets ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Financing Activities Dividends paid ) ) Net cash used in by financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

21. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022 (Bank): Tier 1 Leverage (to Average Assets) As of December 31, 2021 (Company): Tier 1 Leverage (to Average Assets) As of December 31, 2021 (Bank): Tier 1 Leverage (to Average Assets) 
 (1) The minimum required Community Bank Leverage Ratio is 9.00 , but the CARES Act temporarily lowered the minimum to 8.5 through December 31, 2021. 
 (2) If the subsidiary bank s Leverage Ratio exceeds the minimum ratio under the Community Bank Leverage Ratio Framework, it is deemed to be well capitalized under all other regulatory capital requirements. The Company may revert back to the regulatory framework for Prompt Corrective Action if the subsidiary bank s Leverage Ratio falls below the minimum under the Community Bank Leverage Ratio Framework 

22. 
 
 . As a result, the director is currently not considered an independent director. 

23. 

Item 9 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 CONCLUSION REGARDING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based upon this evaluation, the Company s management has determined that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a 15(f). The Company s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, the Company s management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 Pursuant to Instruction G, the information required by this item is hereby incorporated herein by reference from the captions entitled Election of Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Principles and Board Matters set forth in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Statement ). 

Item 11 - Executive Compensation 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G, the information required by this item is hereby incorporated herein by reference from the captions entitled Executive Compensation and Director Compensation set forth in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G, the information required by this item is hereby incorporated herein by reference from the caption entitled Shareholdings of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management set forth in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G, the information required by this item is hereby incorporated herein by reference from the captions entitled Certain Transactions and Corporate Governance Principles set forth in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement. 

Item 14 - Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G, the information required by this item is hereby incorporated herein by reference from the caption entitled Independent Accountant Fees and Services set forth in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement. 

91 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15 - Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements are set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto or is not material. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant (1) 3.2 
 Bylaws of Registrant (1) 4.1 
 Specimen common stock certificate of United Security Bancshares (1) 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Executive Salary Continuation Agreement for Dennis Woods (2) 10.2 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement for Dennis R. Woods (5) 10.3 
 Amended and Restated Executive Salary Continuation Agreement for David Eytcheson (2) 10.4 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement for David Eytcheson (5) 10.5 
 USB 2005 Stock Option Plan (3) 10.6 
 United Security Bancshares 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan (4) 10.7 
 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement for Bhavneet Gill (5) 10.8 
 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement for William Yarbenet (5) 10.9 
 Employment Agreement for William Yarbenet (5) 10.10 
 Change in Control Agreement for Robert Oberg (6) 10.11 
 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement for Robert Oberg (6) 10.12 
 Information Technology Engagement Letter with Mahmood, LLC, dated June 29, 2022 (filed herewith) 10.13 
 Employment Agreement for David Kinross (7) 11.1 
 Computation of earnings per share. See Note 1 7 to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. 

93 

Table of Contents 

 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company (filed herewith) 23.1 
 Consent of Moss Adams LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith) 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of United Security Bancshares pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of United Security Bancshares pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of United Security Bancshares pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of United Security Bancshares pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. (Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S T, this information is deemed furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.) (Filed herewith). 
 
 (1) Previously filed on April 4, 2001 as an exhibit to the Company s filing on Form S-4 (file number 333-58256). 
 (2) Previously filed on March 17, 2008 as an exhibit to the Company s filing on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 (file number 000-32897). 
 (3) Previously filed on April 18, 2005 as Exhibit B to the Company s 2005 Schedule 14A Definitive Proxy (file number 000-32897). 
 (4) Previously filed on April 13, 2015 as Appendix A to the Company s 2015 Schedule 14A Definitive Proxy (file number 000-32897). 
 (5) Previously filed on March 2, 2018 as an exhibit to the Company s filing on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (file number 000-32897). 
 (6) Previously filed on March 1, 2019 as an exhibit to the Company s filing on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (file number 000-32897). 
 (7) Previously filed on November 1, 2022 as an exhibit to the Company s filing on Form 8-K (file number 000-32897). 
 
 (b) Exhibits filed: 
 
 See Exhibit Index under Item 15(a)(3) above for the list of exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K with this Report. 
 
 (c) Financial statement schedules filed : 
 
 See Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 United Security Bancshares 
 
 March 29, 2023 /s/ Dennis R. Woods Dennis R. Woods President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 /s/ David A. Kinross David A. Kinross Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

POWERS OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Dennis R. Woods and David A. Kinross, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney in fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys in fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the date indicated: 

Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Stanley J. Cavalla Director Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Tom Ellithorpe Director Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Heather Hammack Director Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Benjamin Mackovak Director Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Nabeel Mahmood Director Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Kenneth D. Newby Director Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Sue Quigley Director Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Brian Tkacz Director Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Dora Westerlund Director 

96 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 mahmoodusbengagementletter.htm
 EX-10.14 MAHMOOD ENGAGEMENT LETTER

Document 

PROPOSAL PROVIDED TO 
 United Security Bank 
 Dennis Woods 
 2126 Inyo Street 
 Fresno, CA 93721 
 
 PROPOSAL PROVIDED BY 
 Mahmood, LLC 
 www.mahmood.one 
 Nabeel Mahmood 
 nm mahmood.one 
 
 USB OCIO V2.0 June 29, 2022 United Security Bank Information Technology Outsourced Chief Information Officer 
 
 This response includes data that will not be disclosed outside, the recipient evaluator organization and will not be duplicated, used, or disclosed in whole or in part for any purpose other than to evaluate this response. If, however, a contract is awarded to this offeror as a result of or in connection with the submission of this data, the recipient evaluator organization will have the right to duplicate, use, or disclose the data to the extent provided in the resulting contract. This restriction does not limit, the recipient evaluator organization s right to use information contained in this data if it is obtained from another source without restriction. The data subject to this restriction are contained in sheets All. 
 DM3 8851149.3 

USB OCIO Proposal 
 2126 Inyo Street, Fresno, CA 93721 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 1 Executive Summary 
 3 
 2 Statement of Work 
 3 
 2.1 Location 
 3 
 2.2 Scope of Work 
 3 
 3 Project Timing 
 4 
 4 FEES 
 4 
 5 Terms and Conditions 
 5 
 6 Confidentiality 
 6 
 7 Acceptance and Authorization 
 7 

Mahmood, LLC 
 mahmood.one 
 Use or disclosure of data contained on this sheet is subject to the restriction on the title page of this proposal. 
 06292022.M2 
 June 29, 2022 
 Page 2 
 
 DM3 8851149.3 

USB OCIO Proposal 
 2126 Inyo Street, Fresno, CA 93721 

1 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 Mahmood, LLC will provide Chief Information and Technology officer resource and service to help augment the resource and technology gap at United Security Bank (USB). 
 At Mahmood, we consider outsourced CIO services to be a robust and strategic effort that pairs perfectly with other managed IT services like network performance, IT risk management, cloud services, and tech support. Our virtual CIOs' most significant concern is ensuring that your business operates in the most secure, productive, and effective IT environment. 
 Our CIO will provide you with expert guidance for implementing the appropriate technology. This ongoing advisory service will give your businesses a competitive edge by implementing a viable IT and digital transformation strategy, integrating it with your overall business strategy, and avoiding potential risks. 
 2 STATEMENT OF WORK 
 2.1 Location 
 Hybrid Engagement will require Mahmood, LLC to be at USB HQ, other USB locations periodically and accessible remotely. USB 2126 Inyo Street, Fresno, CA 93721 
 2.2 Scope of Work 
 Using a three-step approach consisting of listen, design and create, Mahmood, LLC will deliver the following 
 Review existing org and recommend changes including and not limited to the role of IT moving forward recommend the immediate short-term actions to stabilize IT 
 Assess the department readiness for core operations with immediate actions towards backfilling open positions i.e., employees and contractors 
 o Access existing staff (below IT Manager) 
 o Reporting structure of CIO 
 Determine what will make the biggest impact in the short term 
 o Assess existing projects in-flight and planned 
 o Assess existing process and recommend adjustments 
 Assist management with the search for CIO add language i.e. make recommendations to the CEO and board 
 Mahmood, LLC 
 mahmood.one 
 Use or disclosure of data contained on this sheet is subject to the restriction on the title page of this proposal. 
 06292022.M2 
 June 29, 2022 
 Page 3 
 
 DM3 8851149.3 

USB OCIO Proposal 
 2126 Inyo Street, Fresno, CA 93721 

3 PROJECT TIMING 
 The letter of engagement is intended to provide you with an outline of the scope of work and our estimates of the effort to achieve technology control, evaluate human capital and assist with initiating the recruitment process. The recruitment process is best effort, and the timeline based on the contract heretofore to hire a CIO that fits the business is not guaranteed. As you would expect, we will provide flexible arrangements as we understand your needs will likely change over time. Hence, the engagement might initially require Mahmood, LLC to be on-site in Fresno, CA, and or available for at least six business days per month, i.e., in-person or remote. The goal heretofore is to stabilize functions and, over time, reduce the billable engagement days. 
 4 FEES 
 USB will be charged fees for recurring OCIO services, which will be capped at 200,000 with respect to each fiscal year of USB (the Cap ). The Cap shall be subject to any amendments made pursuant to the terms of this Contract. 
 Subject to the Cap, our fees will be billed approximately at 30,000 month depending on the number of engagement dates worked in person or remotely, beginning July 2022 through December 2022. All invoices are due and payable upon receipt. In addition to consulting fees, Travel and or any other business-related expenses will be billed separately as actuals. 
 Our ability to provide services in accordance with our estimated fees depends on the quality, timeliness and accuracy of the the company s records and support by all business units and the leadership team. To assist you in this process, we will provide you with a Task Preparation Schedule that identifies the key work you will need to perform in with requested delivery date of those items. We will also need your staff to be readily available during the engagement to respond in a timely manner to our requests. Lack of preparation, poor records, and or untimely assistance will result in an increase of our fees. 
 
 OCIO Fee Daily Billable Rate 5,000.00 Travel Rate billed at half day 2,500.00 
 
 Mahmood, LLC 
 mahmood.one 
 Use or disclosure of data contained on this sheet is subject to the restriction on the title page of this proposal. 
 06292022.M2 
 June 29, 2022 
 Page 4 
 
 DM3 8851149.3 

USB OCIO Proposal 
 2126 Inyo Street, Fresno, CA 93721 

5 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 The following terms and conditions apply. 
 Payment Terms 
 Due on Receipt 
 All payments shall be made to 
 Mahmood, LLC 
 Waiver of Consequential Damages No Personal Liability No Third-Party Beneficiaries. No partner, member, manager, director, officer, shareholder, employee, representative or agent of Mahmood, LLC shall have any individual liability to USB. Each party waives consequential damages for claims, disputes or other matters in question arising out of or relating to this agreement. 
 Mahmood, LLC will provide the services to USB under this Agreement as an independent contractor and not as USB s partner, agent, employee, or joint venturer under this Agreement. Neither Mahmood, LLC nor USB will have any right, power or authority to bind the other party. 
 This engagement letter agreement (the Agreement reflects the entire agreement between the parties relating to the services (or any reports, deliverables, or other work product) covered by this Agreement. The engagement letter and any attachments (including without limitation the Engagement Terms) are to be construed as a single document, with the provisions of each section applicable throughout. This Agreement may not be amended or varied except by a written document signed by each party. It replaces and supersedes any other proposals, correspondence, agreements, and understandings, whether written or oral, relating to the services covered by this letter, and each party agrees that in entering this Agreement, it has not relied on any oral or written representations, statements or other information not contained in or incorporated into this Agreement. Any non-disclosure or other confidentiality agreement is replaced and superseded by this Agreement. Each party shall remain obligated to the other party under all provisions of this Agreement that expressly or by their nature extend beyond and survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. If any provision (in whole or in part) of this Agreement is found unenforceable or invalid, this will not affect the remainder of the provision or any other provisions in this Agreement, all of which will continue in effect as if the stricken portion had not been included. This Agreement may be executed in two or more actual, scanned, emailed, or electronically copied counterparts, each and all of which together are one and the same instrument. Accurate transmitted copies (transmitted copies are reproduced documents that are sent via mail, delivery, scanning, email, photocopy, facsimile or other process) of the executed Agreement or signature pages only (whether handwritten or electronic signature), will be considered and accepted by each party as documents equivalent to original documents and will be deemed valid, binding and enforceable by and against all 
 Mahmood, LLC 
 mahmood.one 
 Use or disclosure of data contained on this sheet is subject to the restriction on the title page of this proposal. 
 06292022.M2 
 June 29, 2022 
 Page 5 
 
 DM3 8851149.3 

USB OCIO Proposal 
 2126 Inyo Street, Fresno, CA 93721 

parties. This Agreement must be construed, governed, and interpreted under the laws of the State of California, without regard for choice of law principles. Mahmood, LLC shall be liable to USB for any damages, losses, claims, costs or expenses arising from any acts of gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach of this Agreement by Mahmood, LLC, and Mahmood, LLC shall indemnify and hold USB harmless with respect to any such damages, losses, claims, costs or expenses. USB shall be liable to Mahmood, LLC for any damages, losses, claims, costs or expenses arising from any acts of gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach of this Agreement by USB, and USB shall indemnify and hold Mahmood, LLC harmless with respect to any such damages, losses, claims, costs or expenses. This Agreement shall have an initial term of one year from the date of this Agreement, and may be extended for additional terms by Agreement in writing signed by each of the parties hereto. This Agreement may be terminated by either party hereto for cause, including breach of this Agreement by the other party, at any time, and may be terminated by either party hereto without cause upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party hereto. 
 6 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 Each party hereto (as applicable, the Beneficiary Party has developed, uses and maintains trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information, including, without limitation, customer lists, operations, services, products, research, inventions, invention facilities, methods, systems, trade secrets, copyrights, software, source code, object code, patent applications, procedures, manuals, specifications, any other intellectual property, confidential reports, price lists, pricing formulas, customer lists, financial information (including the revenues, costs, or profits associated with any products or services), business plans, strategies, projections, prospects, opportunities or strategies, acquisitions or mergers, advertising or promotions, personnel matters, legal matters, any other confidential or proprietary information, and any other information not generally known outside of the Beneficiary Party that may be of value to the Beneficiary Party (the Confidential Information ). It is understood that for purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information does not include information that (i) is in the public domain at the time of the other party s (as applicable, the Receiving Party receipt thereof, (ii) otherwise becomes public other than as a result of the Receiving Party s breach of the Receiving Party s obligations hereunder, (iii) is rightfully received from a third party without any obligation of confidentiality to the Beneficiary Party, or (iv) is independently developed by the Receiving Party. 
 Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that during the term of this Agreement, each Receiving Party will (in the case of Mahmood, LLC) or may (in the case of USB) have direct access to and knowledge of the Confidential Information of the Beneficiary Party. Each party hereto, as the Receiving Party, covenants and agrees that all Confidential Information of the Beneficiary Party is and shall remain the sole property of the Beneficiary Party and that the Receiving Party will hold in strictest confidence, and will not without the prior written consent of the Beneficiary Party (except as required in the course of the provision of services 
 Mahmood, LLC 
 mahmood.one 
 Use or disclosure of data contained on this sheet is subject to the restriction on the title page of this proposal. 
 06292022.M2 
 June 29, 2022 
 Page 6 
 
 DM3 8851149.3 

USB OCIO Proposal 
 2126 Inyo Street, Fresno, CA 93721 

contemplated hereby) disclose to any business, firm, entity or person, either directly or indirectly, any of the Confidential Information of the Beneficiary Party. Each party, as the Receiving Party, further agrees that it will return all Confidential Information of the Beneficiary Party (regardless of how it is maintained) and any copies thereof to the Beneficiary Party within three days of the request from the Beneficiary Party to do so. The terms of this Paragraph 6 are in addition to, and not in lieu of any legal or other contractual obligations that each Receiving Party may have relating to the protection of the Confidential Information of the Beneficiary Party. The terms of this Paragraph 6 shall survive indefinitely the termination of this Agreement. Each Receiving Party shall indemnify the Beneficiary Party for any breach by the Receiving Party of this Paragraph 6. 
 7 ACCEPTANCE AND AUTHORIZATION 
 This Agreement, and the document(s) incorporated by reference herein, constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and expressly supersedes any prior understandings and representations. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing signed by both parties. 
 
 No Further Text on this Page Signature Page on Next Page 
 
 Mahmood, LLC 
 mahmood.one 
 Use or disclosure of data contained on this sheet is subject to the restriction on the title page of this proposal. 
 06292022.M2 
 June 29, 2022 
 Page 7 
 
 DM3 8851149.3 

USB OCIO Proposal 
 2126 Inyo Street, Fresno, CA 93721 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized representatives as of the date first above written. 

United Security Bank Mahmood, LLC 
 
 s Dennis Woods 
 s Nabeel Mahmood Signature Signature Dennis Woods Nabeel Mahmood Name Name Chairman, President, and CEO CEO Title Title 
 
 Mahmood, LLC 
 mahmood.one 
 Use or disclosure of data contained on this sheet is subject to the restriction on the title page of this proposal. 
 06292022.M2 
 June 29, 2022 
 Page 8 
 
 DM3 8851149.3 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ubfo-20221231exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1 UBFO 12312022

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors 
 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiary 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-89362, No. 333-10078, No. 333-134125, and No. 333-203397) of United Security Bancshares and Subsidiary (United Security Bancshares) of our report dated March 29, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of United Security Bancshares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended, appearing in this annual report on Form 10-K of United Security Bancshares for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Moss Adams LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ubfo-20221231exhibit3111.htm
 EX-31.1 UBFO 12312022

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Dennis R. Woods, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of United Security Bancshares 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a) - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 29, 2023 S Dennis R. Woods Dennis R. Woods President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to United Security Bancshares and will be retained by United Security Bancshares and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ubfo-20221231exhibit3121.htm
 EX-31.2 UBFO 12312022

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David Kinross, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of United Security Bancshares 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a) - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 29, 2023 S David Kinross David Kinross Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to United Security Bancshares and will be retained by United Security Bancshares and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ubfo-20221231exhibit3211.htm
 EX-32.1 UBFO 12312022

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission solely for the purpose of complying with Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 Date March 29, 2023 
 
 Dennis R. Woods, the Chief Executive Officer of United Security Bancshares certifies 
 
 1. that this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. that information contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United Security Bancshares. 
 s Dennis R. Woods Dennis R. Woods President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ubfo-20221231exhibit3221.htm
 EX-32.2 UBFO 12312022

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission solely for the purpose of complying with Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 David Kinross, the Chief Financial Officer of United Security Bancshares certifies 
 
 1. that this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. that information contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United Security Bancshares. 
 
 s David Kinross David Kinross Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ubfo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ubfo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ubfo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ubfo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ubfo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

