<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1021561_0001140361-23-007348.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16078632</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>714724</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2342539</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5535628</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3776071</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3046881</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-007348.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215202639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-007348
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001021561
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				870565309
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12421
		FILM NUMBER:		23636908

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 WEST CENTER ST
		STREET 2:		ATTN: GREGORY BELLISTON
		CITY:			PROVO
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-345-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 WEST CENTER ST
		STREET 2:		ATTN: GREGORY BELLISTON
		CITY:			PROVO
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NU SKIN ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980909

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NU SKIN ASIA PACIFIC INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960919

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-007348.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 brhc10046901_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ________ to ________

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
 growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

Based on the closing sales price of the Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s second fiscal
 quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately billion. All
 executive officers and directors of the Registrant, and all stockholders holding more than 10 of the Registrant s outstanding voting stock (other than institutional investors, such as registered investment companies, eligible to file beneficial
 ownership reports on Schedule 13G), have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be affiliates of the Registrant.

As of January 31, 2023, shares of the
 Registrant s Class A common stock, .001 par value per share, and no shares of the Registrant s Class B common stock, .001 par value per share, were outstanding.

Documents incorporated by reference . Portions of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy
 Statement for the Registrant s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this report. The Definitive Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 within 120 days after the Registrant s fiscal year end.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PART I 

1

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS 

1

PRODUCTS 

1 

DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL 

3 

GEOGRAPHIC REGIONS 

8 

REGULATION 

8 

COMPETITION 

14

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 

15

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

16

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

16 

ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS 

18 

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

40

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES 

40

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

41

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

41

PART II 

42

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

42

ITEM 6.

RESERVED 

43 

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

44 

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

56 

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

58 

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

91

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

91

ITEM 9B.

OTHER INFORMATION 

91

ITEM 9C.

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

91

PART III 

92 

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

92

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

92

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

92

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

92

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

92

PART IV 

92

ITEM 15.

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

92

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

94 

SIGNATURES 

95 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, IN PARTICULAR ITEM 1. BUSINESS AND ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING
 STATEMENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 21E OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, THAT REPRESENT OUR CURRENT EXPECTATIONS AND BELIEFS. ALL STATEMENTS OTHER THAN STATEMENTS OF
 HISTORICAL FACT ARE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS FOR PURPOSES OF FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO, STATEMENTS OF MANAGEMENT S EXPECTATIONS REGARDING OUR PERFORMANCE, INITIATIVES, STRATEGIES, PRODUCTS,
 INGREDIENTS, PRODUCT INTRODUCTIONS AND OFFERINGS, PRODUCT SOURCING, GROWTH, ACQUISITIONS AND ACQUIRED COMPANIES PERFORMANCE, GLOBAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS, OPPORTUNITIES AND RISKS; STATEMENTS OF PROJECTIONS REGARDING FUTURE SALES, EXPENSES, OPERATING
 RESULTS, TAXES AND DUTIES, CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, SOURCES AND USES OF CASH, FOREIGN-CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS OR DEVALUATIONS, REPATRIATION OF UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS, AND OTHER FINANCIAL ITEMS; STATEMENTS OF MANAGEMENT S EXPECTATIONS, PLANS AND BELIEFS
 REGARDING OUR MARKETS, SALES FORCE, SALES COMPENSATION PLAN AND CUSTOMER BASE; STATEMENTS REGARDING THE PAYMENT OF FUTURE DIVIDENDS AND STOCK REPURCHASES; STATEMENTS REGARDING THE OUTCOME OF LITIGATION, AUDITS, INVESTIGATIONS AND OTHER LEGAL
 MATTERS, INCLUDING GOVERNMENT POLICIES AND REGULATIONS IN MAINLAND CHINA; ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS; STATEMENTS OF BELIEF; AND STATEMENTS OF ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING ANY OF THE FOREGOING. IN SOME CASES, YOU CAN IDENTIFY THESE STATEMENTS BY
 FORWARD-LOOKING WORDS SUCH AS BELIEVE, EXPECT, PROJECT, ANTICIPATE, ESTIMATE, COMMIT, INTEND, PLAN, TARGETS, LIKELY, WILL, WOULD, COULD, MAY, MIGHT, THE NEGATIVE OF THESE WORDS AND OTHER SIMILAR WORDS. WE UNDERTAKE NO
 OBLIGATION TO PUBLICLY UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT, WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION, FUTURE EVENTS OR OTHERWISE, EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY LAW. WE CAUTION AND ADVISE READERS THAT THESE STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON ASSUMPTIONS THAT
 MAY NOT BE REALIZED AND INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE EXPECTATIONS AND BELIEFS CONTAINED HEREIN. FOR A SUMMARY OF THESE RISKS, SEE ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to dollars and are to U.S. dollars.

Nu Skin, Pharmanex and ageLOC are our trademarks. The italicized product names used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are product names and also, in certain cases, our
 trademarks.

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. develops and distributes a comprehensive line of premium-quality beauty and wellness solutions in approximately 50 markets worldwide. In 2022, our revenue of
 2.2 billion was primarily generated by our three primary brands: our beauty brand, Nu Skin; our wellness brand, Pharmanex; and our anti-aging brand, ageLOC. We operate in the direct selling channel,
 primarily utilizing person-to-person marketing to promote and sell our products, including through the use of social and digital platforms. 

In addition to our core Nu Skin business, we also explore new areas of growth and opportunity through our strategic investment arm known as Rhyz Inc. Rhyz investments include beauty and wellness
 product manufacturing companies and other investments. In 2022, the Rhyz companies generated 153.3 million, or 7 , of our 2022 reported revenue (excluding sales to our core Nu Skin business).

In 2022, we generated approximately 24 of our revenue from the United States and approximately 16 from Mainland China. Given the size of our international operations, our results, as reported in
 U.S. dollars, are often impacted by foreign-currency fluctuations; in 2022, our revenue was negatively impacted 5 from foreign-currency fluctuations compared to 2021. Our results also can be impacted by global economic, political, demographic
 and business trends and conditions.

Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations globally, particularly with respect to our product categories and our distribution channel. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a more detailed
 description of the risks associated with our business.

PRODUCTS 

We offer a branded, differentiated product portfolio. We believe our innovative approach to product development and distribution provides us with a competitive advantage in beauty and wellness
 products and direct selling. We believe that our acquired and licensed technologies, manufacturing and innovation facilities, research collaborations and in-house research expertise enable us to introduce innovative, proprietary products. We seek
 to offer products that are demonstrable and well suited for social sharing. Sustainability is also an important part of our product strategy; we take sustainability into account as we formulate our products, and we have an ongoing initiative to
 transition to packaging that is recycled, recyclable, reusable, reduced or renewable.

Beginning in the second half of 2021 and continuing into 2022, we launched our Beauty Focus Collagen+ skin care supplement and our ageLOC Meta nutritional supplement that helps support metabolic health.

During the past several years, we have generated success in our business with innovative beauty devices. Devices are an important part of our strategy. In the second half of 2022, we began launching
 our first connected beauty device, ageLOC LumiSpa iO . We plan to launch additional connected devices in the coming years, including a new connected body device in most of our markets during 2023. These
 devices will gather data to provide insights into consumer behavior, with the goal of enabling us to provide more personalized experiences for our consumers. Please refer to Distribution Channel below for additional information about our
 connected devices and our business strategy that they fit into.

Product Categories

We have two primary product categories: beauty products and wellness products. We develop and distribute innovative, premium-quality products in these two categories under our Nu Skin and Pharmanex
 brands, respectively. We also develop and distribute products under our ageLOC brand, which features innovative, premium-quality anti-aging products in both the beauty and wellness categories and in many cases is co-branded with our Nu Skin and
 Pharmanex products. Our innovative beauty devices are among our ageLOC beauty products.

1 

Table of Contents 

Presented below are the U.S. dollar amounts and associated revenue percentages from the sale of beauty and wellness products, as well as our Rhyz companies, for the last three years. This table
 should be read in conjunction with the information presented in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which discusses the factors impacting revenue trends and the costs associated with
 generating the aggregate revenue presented.

Revenue by Product Category

(U.S. dollars in millions)

Year Ended December 31,

Product Category

2022

2021

2020

Beauty (1) 

1,069.7

48.1

1,442.7

53.5

1,491.8

57.8

Wellness (1) 

992.3

44.6

1,062.5

39.4

922.6

35.7

Other (2) 

163.7

7.3

190.5

7.1

167.5

6.5

2,225.7

100.0

2,695.7

100.0

2,581.9

100.0

(1) 

Includes sales of beauty and wellness products in our core Nu Skin business. The beauty category includes 440 million, 658 million and 712 million in sales of devices and related consumables for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

(2) 

Other includes the external revenue from our Rhyz companies along with a limited number of other products and services, including household products and technology services.

Beauty Products. Our strategy for our beauty products category is to leverage our distribution channel to strengthen Nu Skin s position as
 an innovative leader in the masstige and premium beauty markets. Our products in this category include our innovative skin care devices, cosmetics and other personal care products. We are committed to continuously improving and evolving our product
 formulations to develop and incorporate innovative and proven ingredients. We formulate many of the products in our beauty category with ingredients that are scientifically proven to provide visible results. In 2022, our top-selling product lines
 by revenue in this category were our ageLOC LumiSpa devices (consisting of both ageLOC LumiSpa and the recently launched ageLOC
 LumiSpa iO ), ageLOC Body Spa and our Nutricentials skin care products. Our ageLOC beauty products accounted for 44 of our beauty product category revenue
 and 21 of our total revenue in 2022.

Wellness Products. Our strategy for our wellness category is to continue to introduce innovative, substantiated nutritional supplements
 based on research and development and quality manufacturing. Direct selling has proven to be an effective method of marketing our high-quality wellness products because our sales force can personally educate consumers on the quality and benefits
 of our products, differentiating them from our competitors offerings. In 2022, our top-selling products by revenue in this category were ageLOC Meta , our LifePak 
 nutritional supplements, our ageLOC TR90 weight management system, and Beauty Focus Collagen+ . Our ageLOC wellness products accounted for 42 of our wellness
 product category revenue and 19 of our total revenue in 2022.

Product Development

We are committed to developing and marketing innovative products. We have several products in development, including next-generation skin care products and nutritional supplements. In
 our research and product development, we leverage the three disciplines of science, technology and sourcing to create innovative products that address consumer needs. 

Our research and product development activities include:

Global consumer research to identify needs and insights and refine product concepts;

Internal research, product development and quality testing;

Joint research projects, collaborations and clinical studies;

Identification and assessment of technologies for potential licensing arrangements; and

Acquisition of technologies.

We maintain research and product development facilities in the United States and Mainland China. We also contract with third parties for clinical studies and collaborate on basic research projects
 with researchers from universities and other research institutions in the United States and Asia, whose staffs include scientists with basic research expertise in, among others, natural product chemistry, biochemistry, dermatology, nutrition,
 pharmacology and clinical studies.

2 

Table of Contents 

We also work to identify and assess innovative technologies developed by third parties for potential licensing, supply or acquisition arrangements. Because of the nature of our distribution channel,
 which allows us to provide a high level of product information on a person-to-person basis, we often have third parties who are interested in licensing innovative technologies to us to incorporate into our products and commercialize through our
 distribution channel. Licensing arrangements allow us to leverage the research activities of third parties that have provided demonstrated technologies, clinical support and/or proprietary innovation, without all of the upfront costs and
 uncertainty associated with internal development. We have also invested in acquisitions to supplement our research capabilities and to acquire technologies.

Intellectual Property

Our trademarks are registered in the United States and in markets where we operate or have plans to operate, and we consider trademark protection to be very important to our business. Our major
 trademarks include Nu Skin , our fountain logos, Pharmanex , ageLOC , LifePak , Galvanic Spa , TR90 , Epoch , ageLOC Me , LumiSpa and ageLOC Boost . In addition, a number of our products, including our facial spas, ageLOC Body Spa , LumiSpa , ageLOC Boost , TR90 and Pharmanex
 BioPhotonic Scanner , are based on proprietary technologies and designs, some of which utilize patented technologies and/or technologies licensed from third parties. We also rely on patent and trade secret protection to protect our
 proprietary technology and other proprietary information for some of our ageLOC products and other products.

Sourcing and Production

For markets other than Mainland China, in 2022, we sourced most of our beauty and wellness products from trusted third-party suppliers and manufacturers, and approximately 23 from our manufacturing
 subsidiaries. Our manufacturing entities also provide a cost of goods sold benefit and help us to maintain a more consistent supply source. In Mainland China, we operate manufacturing facilities where we produce the majority of our beauty and
 wellness products sold in Mainland China. We also produce some products at these facilities that are exported to other markets.

In 2022, one of our manufacturing subsidiaries, but no third-party suppliers, accounted for more than 10 of our product purchases. We procure our ageLOC Galvanic
 Facial Spa , ageLOC Body Spa , and Nu Skin Facial Spa devices and some other products or ingredients from single vendors that may own or control the product formulations, ingredients, or other
 intellectual property rights associated with the products or ingredients. While we generally maintain good relationships with our suppliers, in the event we become unable to source any products or ingredients from our current suppliers, we believe
 that we would be able to locate alternative vendors, use substitute ingredients, or develop and manufacture alternative products and source them from other suppliers, as applicable. Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of risks
 and uncertainties associated with our supplier relationships and with the sourcing of raw materials and ingredients.

Our manufacturing subsidiaries are owned by our Rhyz strategic investment arm. We plan to continue making strategic acquisitions going forward, as we believe these acquired companies allow us to
 vertically integrate our business and leverage their expertise to enhance our innovation, sustainability, speed to market and supply chain capabilities. In addition to the products and services provided to our core Nu Skin business, our Rhyz
 companies continue to operate outside of our core Nu Skin business, generating 153.3 million in revenue from sales to external customers in 2022.

DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL

We operate in the direct selling channel, primarily utilizing person-to-person marketing to promote and sell our products. We believe that direct selling, which has traditionally relied
 on face-to-face, word-of-mouth marketing, is currently being impacted by the convergence of social commerce, influencer and affiliate marketing, and the growing gig economy. These macroeconomic shifts have also disrupted traditional advertising
 and retail business practices, as well as e-commerce generally, in favor of socially enabled and direct-to-consumer models. The COVID-19 pandemic further accelerated disruption across many industries by
 causing migration to remote work and online shopping. 

We endeavor to transform and adapt our business to these trends by helping our sales force to become more socially enabled and to grow their businesses online. We are currently working through a significant digital
 transformation in our business to achieve widespread adoption of social commerce in all of our markets. This transformation involves the development of new and enhanced digital tools for our Sales Leaders and consumers, including new digital apps
 and an improved website design and functionality. Our products also have served an important role in our social commerce strategy as we have developed products that are shareable and demonstrable on social media platforms. Products continue to play
 an important role as we transform to a more digital and socially enabled business; in particular, we believe that connected devices will provide data on consumer behaviors and needs that will engender a more personalized experience for our
 consumers and improved brand loyalty.

3 

Table of Contents 

Our digital transformation will require significant expenditures over the next several years. It and social sharing also present certain risks and challenges to our business, and some social media platforms impose
 restrictions or prohibitions on content related to multi-level marketing. For further information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors.

We believe our direct selling distribution channel is an effective vehicle to distribute our products because:

our sales force has rapid reach to potential customers through their social networks and the social networks of those to whom they are connected;

our sales force can personally educate and share company content with consumers about our products, which we believe is more effective for differentiating our products than using traditional mass-media
 advertising; 

our distribution channel allows for personalized product demonstrations and trial by potential consumers;

our distribution channel allows our sales force to provide personal testimonials of product efficacy;

as compared to other distribution methods, our sales force has the opportunity to provide consumers higher levels of personalized service based on consumers needs, including through providing
 personalized purchasing offers, discounts and regimens; and

as compared to other distribution methods, our sales force knows their customers and can foster loyalty through data-driven customer-relationship management and our subscription program.

While our person-to-person marketing philosophy remains consistent globally, various aspects of our business may differ from market to market, including product mix and pricing, customer type mix, the
 manner and tools used to engage potential customers, social media and third-party platforms, compensation structure, the manner and tools used to engage potential affiliates (including programs and incentives), access to distribution outlets or
 product stores, the manner of getting products to consumers, product claims, branding and product formulations. In addition, in Mainland China we have implemented a business model that, unlike the business model we use in our other markets,
 utilizes retail stores, sales employees, independent direct sellers and independent marketers to market our products.

Given that members of our sales force are independent contractors in most markets, we do not control or direct their promotional efforts. We do, however, require that our sales force abide by policies
 and procedures that require them to act in an ethical and consumer-protective manner and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. As a member of direct selling associations globally, we promote and abide by the industry s codes of ethics
 and consumer-protective standards to support and protect those who sell and purchase our products through the direct selling channel.

In all of our markets besides Mainland China, we refer to members of our independent sales force as Brand Affiliates because their primary role is to promote our brand and products through their
 personal and social networks.

Consumer Group and Sales Network

Our distribution channel is composed of two primary groups: our consumer group individuals who buy our products primarily for personal or family consumption and share products with friends and family;
 and our sales network individuals who personally buy, use and resell products, and who also attract new consumers, and recruit, train and develop new sellers. We strive to develop both our consumer group and our sales network. Our strategy for
 growing our consumer group is to offer high-quality, personalized, innovative products that provide demonstrable benefits. Our strategy for growing our sales network is to provide a business opportunity for those persons who demonstrate the desire
 and ability to develop both a consumer group and a team of sellers, including through sales compensation, incentives and recognition.

To monitor the growth trends in our consumer group, we track the number of persons who purchased directly from the company during the previous three months Customers ). Our Customer numbers include
 members of our sales force who made such a purchase, including Paid Affiliates and those who qualify as Sales Leaders, but they do not include consumers who purchase directly from members of our sales force. We believe a significant majority of
 Customers purchase our products primarily for personal or family consumption but are not actively pursuing the opportunity we offer to generate supplemental income by actively and consistently marketing and reselling products.

To monitor the growth in our sales network, we track the number of Paid Affiliates and Sales Leaders, which are defined as follows:

Paid Affiliates are any Brand Affiliates, as well as members of our sales force in Mainland China, who earned sales compensation during the previous three months. As we continue to focus on customer
 acquisition, our Paid Affiliates, who primarily share products, are a bridge to attracting new customers and nurturing relationships and community. Paid Affiliates power our social commerce model and are an important indicator of consumer
 purchasing activity in our business.

Sales Leaders are the three-month average of our monthly Brand Affiliates, as well as sales employees and independent marketers in Mainland China, who achieved certain qualification requirements as of the end
 of each month of the quarter.

4 

Table of Contents 

The following chart sets forth information concerning our Customers, Paid Affiliates and Sales Leaders for the last three years. During the first quarter of 2022, in connection with the introduction
 of the new metric Paid Affiliates, we reviewed how we define Sales Leaders and adjusted this metric s definition to what we believe provides a better insight into the trends of our business. We have recast the 2020 and 2021 Sales Leaders to the new
 definition. The definition of our Customer metric remained unchanged.

Total Number of Customers, Paid Affiliates and Sales Leaders by Region

Three Months Ended

 December 31,

Customers

2022

2021

2020

Americas

299,287

336,564

366,688

Mainland China

202,933

315,418

381,460

Southeast Asia/Pacific

141,183

169,601

192,622

South Korea

123,749

146,354

158,953

Japan

119,152

122,813

128,400

EMEA

197,917

210,414

258,587

Hong Kong/Taiwan

62,903

66,395

70,592

Total

1,147,124

1,367,559

1,557,302

Three Months Ended

 December 31,

Paid Affiliates

2022

2021

2020

Americas

42,633

49,328

52,821

Mainland China

23,436

30,546

48,266

Southeast Asia/Pacific

38,653

44,050

48,756

South Korea

45,058

52,036

52,526

Japan

38,021

38,428

38,973

EMEA

31,869

36,482

40,553

Hong Kong/Taiwan

17,286

20,155

18,861

Total

236,956

271,025

300,756

Three Months Ended

 December 31,

Sales Leaders

2022

2021

2020

Americas

9,594

10,879

13,252

Mainland China (1) 

12,359

18,207

24,560

Southeast Asia/Pacific

6,999

8,800

10,167

South Korea

6,094

8,224

7,358

Japan

5,936

5,864

6,373

EMEA

4,740

5,743

6,650

Hong Kong/Taiwan

3,015

3,666

4,165

Total

48,737

61,383

72,525

(1) 

The December 31, 2022 number reflects a modified Sales Leader definition. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Mainland China for more information.

5 

Table of Contents 

Global Direct Selling Channel

Outside of Mainland China, individuals can elect to participate in our business as follows:

Brand Affiliate-Direct Consumers Individuals who purchase products directly from a Brand Affiliate at a price established by the Brand Affiliate.

Company-Direct Consumers Individuals who purchase products directly from the company. These consumers are typically referred by a Brand Affiliate and may purchase at retail price or at a discount.
 These individuals do not have the right to build a Nu Skin business by reselling product or by recruiting others.

Basic Brand Affiliates Brand Affiliates who purchase products for personal or family use or for resale to other consumers. These individuals are not eligible to receive compensation on a multi- level basis unless they elect to qualify as a Sales Leader under our global sales compensation plan. We consider these individuals to be part of our consumer group, as we believe a significant majority of these Brand
 Affiliates are purchasing products for personal use and not actively recruiting others. 

Sales Leaders and Qualifiers Brand Affiliates who have qualified or are trying to qualify as a Sales Leader. These Brand Affiliates have elected to pursue the business opportunity as a Sales Leader and are
 actively attracting consumers, recruiting Brand Affiliates and building a sales network under our global sales compensation plan and constitute our sales network.

To become a Brand Affiliate, an individual signs a Brand Affiliate agreement and receives a business portfolio, which is free in most markets. In some markets, we charge a small fee for the business
 portfolio, which is limited to our costs. The business portfolio generally consists of documentation concerning the business, including copies of the sales compensation plan, Brand Affiliate policies and procedures, product catalog and other
 documentation, but does not include products. There are no requirements to purchase products or other materials to become a Brand Affiliate, and no commissions are paid on any purchase of a business portfolio.

We offer a generous product return policy, which also includes returns of business support materials. In most markets, we offer a return policy that allows our Brand Affiliates to return
 unopened and unused items for up to 30 days for a full refund, or 12 months subject to a 10 restocking fee. Brand Affiliates are not required to terminate their accounts to return product. Actual returns have historically been less than
 5 of annual revenue. We believe our generous return policy minimizes the financial risks associated with being a Brand Affiliate.

In addition to our product return policy, we strive to be as customer protective as possible. We seek to ensure that those who use our products or participate in our business opportunity are treated fairly and are
 not misled by inappropriate product or earnings claims.

There are two fundamental ways in which our Brand Affiliates can earn money:

through retail markups on resales of products purchased from the company; and

through sales compensation earned on the sale of products under our global sales compensation plan.

We believe that our global sales compensation plan is among the most generous in the direct selling industry and is one of our competitive advantages. Our Brand Affiliates can receive
 sales compensation for product sales from the company to their own consumer groups. Likewise, our Sales Leaders can receive sales compensation under our global sales compensation plan for product sales from
 the company to their own network of consumers as well as for product sales from the company to other Sales Leaders and their consumer groups. This type of sales compensation is often referred to as multi-level compensation. Our sales force is
 not required to recruit or sponsor others, and we do not pay any sales compensation for recruiting or sponsoring. While all of our Brand Affiliates can sponsor others at any time, our Sales Leaders and those
 in qualification to become Sales Leaders are those who generally are the most active in sponsoring others. Pursuant to our global sales compensation plan, we pay consolidated sales compensation in a Sales
 Leader s home market, in local currency, for product sales in the Sales Leader s own consumer group and for product sales in the Sales Leader s team of Sales Leaders across all geographic markets. 

Mainland China Business Model

Because of restrictions on direct selling and multi-level commissions in Mainland China, we have implemented a business model for that market that is different from the business model we use in our
 other markets. We have structured our business model in Mainland China based on several factors: the guidance we have received from government officials, our interpretation of applicable regulations, our understanding of the practices of other
 international direct selling companies operating in Mainland China, and our understanding as to how regulators are interpreting and enforcing the regulations.

In Mainland China, we utilize sales employees to sell products through our retail stores, website and digital platforms; independent direct sellers, who can sell away from our stores where we have a
 direct selling license and a service center and can also sell through our website and digital platforms; and independent marketers, who are licensed business owners authorized to sell our products at their own approved premises or through our
 stores, website and digital platforms. We rely on our sales employees, independent direct sellers and independent marketers to attract new consumers, promote repeat purchases, and educate our sales force about our products, culture and policies
 through training meetings.

6 

Table of Contents 

Our sales employees, independent direct sellers and independent marketers in Mainland China do not participate in our global sales compensation plan but are instead compensated according to a separate
 compensation model established for Mainland China, which is separate and different from our global compensation plan. Independent direct sellers and sales employees who have not achieved certain qualification requirements receive monthly bonuses
 based on their monthly product sales. Sales employees who achieve qualification requirements and independent marketers earn (1) monthly bonuses based on their monthly product sales and other bonuses based on various performance metrics; and (2) a
 salary (for sales employees, consisting of position pay and performance pay) or service fee (for independent marketers). The salary or service fee and position/title are reviewed and adjusted quarterly based on their performance relative to other
 sales leaders, taking into account such factors as the sales productivity of the Sales Leader him/herself and of the sales force that such Sales Leader trains, collaborates with, supports and services. We utilize our global system to track and
 assess the sales productivity of each Sales Leader him/herself and the sales force that such Sales Leader trains, collaborates with, supports and services in setting his/her salary or service fee and in connection with the evaluation of their
 position/title. We generally compensate our Mainland China Sales Leaders at a level that is competitive with other direct selling companies in the market and comparable to the compensation of our Sales Leaders globally.

Operating in Mainland China entails certain risks and uncertainties to our business, as discussed further in Item 1. Business Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors . We endeavor
 to mitigate these risks and uncertainties through various measures, including by seeking to understand and obey laws and regulations, training our employees and sales force, engaging in dialogue with government officials to better understand their
 goals and explain our plans, and cooperating in inquiries and other matters of interest to regulators. However, these efforts do not eliminate the significant risks associated with operating in Mainland China. Furthermore,

we believe the regulatory environment in Mainland China is becoming increasingly challenging and will continue to be so over the medium and long terms. We currently plan to implement certain changes to the structure of our sales
 compensation in Mainland China due to the evolving commercial and regulatory environment. These changes could have a negative impact on our sales in that market.

Our global sales compensation plan and our Mainland China business model, including our related know-how, processes and systems, play a significant role in helping us to attract and incentivize our
 sales force. We have strategically developed and refined our global sales compensation plan and our Mainland China business model to distinguish the business opportunity that we offer from those of other companies and to seek to provide us with a
 competitive advantage.

Sales Incentives, Meetings, Recognition and Training

An important part of our distribution channel is motivating our Sales Leaders and recognizing their achievements. We hold regular meetings and events globally to recognize Sales Leaders who have
 achieved various levels of success in our business. These meetings, which may be held either virtually or in-person, also allow the company and key Sales Leaders to provide training to other Sales Leaders. We utilize a variety of sales incentives
 such as incentive trips to motivate Sales Leaders. In addition to rewarding performance, incentive trips provide Sales Leaders and the company opportunities to share best practices, set goals, generate alignment of Sales Leaders around key
 initiatives, and provide a high level of motivation and team building.

Product Launch Process

Prior to making a product generally available for purchase in a market, we often do one or more introductory offerings of the product, such as a preview of the product to our Sales Leaders or other product
 introduction or promotion. We refer to the entire process, beginning with the introductory offering through general availability of the product, as a product launch or our product launch process. The timing of the launch of a particular product
 often varies from market to market depending on such factors as customer demand, product registration or other local legal requirements, and product availability in our supply chain.

Sales Leader previews and other product introductions and promotions sometimes generate significant activity and a high level of purchasing, which can result in a higher-than-normal increase in revenue during the
 quarter and can skew year-over-year and sequential comparisons. We believe our product launch process attracts new Customers, Paid Affiliates and Sales Leaders to our business, increases consumer trial and provides us with important marketing and
 forecasting information about our products. Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for more information on risks related to our product launch process. 

7 

Table of Contents 

GEOGRAPHIC REGIONS

We currently sell and distribute our Nu Skin business s products in approximately 50 markets. We have divided our markets into seven segments: Mainland China; South Korea;
 Southeast Asia/Pacific, which includes Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, Australia, New Zealand and other markets; Americas, which includes Canada, Latin America and the United States; Japan; Hong Kong/Taiwan,
 which also includes Macau; and Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA ), which includes markets in Europe as well as Israel and South Africa. Our Rhyz strategic investment arm also includes two additional segments:
 Manufacturing and Rhyz other. The following table sets forth the revenue for each of the segments and the Other category for the last three years. 

Year Ended December 31,

(U.S. dollars in millions)

2022

2021

2020

Nu Skin

Americas

508.5

23

547.8

20

453.0

18

Mainland China

360.4

16

568.8

21

625.5

24

Southeast Asia/Pacific

344.4

16

336.7

13

361.6

14

South Korea

268.7

12

354.3

13

326.5

13

Japan

224.9

10

266.2

10

273.7

10

EMEA

204.3

9

283.2

11

230.2

9

Hong Kong/Taiwan

157.2

7

162.6

6

161.1

6

Other

4.0

3.5

1.0

Total Nu Skin

2,072.4

93

2,523.1

94

2,432.6

94

Manufacturing

149.5

7

172.1

6

149.3

6

Rhyz other

3.8

0.5

Total Rhyz Investments

153.3

7

172.6

6

149.3

6

Total

2,225.7

100

2,695.7

100

2,581.9

100

Additional comparative revenue and related financial information is presented in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.

REGULATION

Our business is subject to various laws and regulations globally, particularly with respect to our direct selling business models and our product categories. In addition, as a United States entity
 operating through subsidiaries in foreign jurisdictions, we are subject to foreign exchange control, transfer pricing and customs laws that regulate the flow of funds between us and our subsidiaries and for product purchases, management services
 and contractual obligations, such as the payment of sales commissions. As is the case with most companies in our industry, we receive inquiries from time to time from government regulatory authorities regarding the nature of our business and other
 issues, such as compliance with local direct selling, transfer pricing, customs, taxation, foreign exchange control, securities and other laws.

Direct Selling Regulations

Direct selling is regulated by various national, state and local government agencies in the United States and foreign markets. These laws and regulations are generally intended to
 prevent fraudulent or deceptive schemes, including pyramid schemes, which compensate participants primarily for recruiting additional participants without significant emphasis on product sales to
 consumers. The laws and regulations in our current markets generally: 

impose requirements related to order cancellations, product returns, inventory buy-backs and cooling-off periods for our sales force and consumers;

require us, or our sales force, to register with government agencies;

impose limits on the amount of sales compensation we can pay;

impose reporting requirements; and

require that our sales force is compensated for sales of products and not for recruiting others.

8 

Table of Contents 

The laws and regulations governing direct selling may be modified or reinterpreted from time to time, which may cause us to modify our sales compensation and business models. In almost all of our markets, regulations are subject to discretionary interpretation by regulators and judicial authorities. There is often ambiguity and uncertainty with respect to the state of direct selling and
 anti-pyramiding laws and regulations. In the United States, for example, federal law provides law enforcement agencies, such as the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), broad latitude in policing unfair or deceptive trade practices, but does not
 provide a bright-line test for identifying a pyramid scheme. A number of states have passed legislation that more clearly distinguishes between illegal pyramid schemes and legitimate multi-level marketing business models. Recent settlements between
 the FTC and other direct selling companies and guidance from the FTC have addressed inappropriate earnings and lifestyle claims, problematic compensation structures and the importance of focusing on consumers. In addition, during 2021 the FTC
 announced that it is initiating a review of its Business Opportunity Rule, which imposes certain obligations on business opportunity sellers in their dealings with prospective buyers; the FTC issued a request for public comment on this rule in
 November 2022. Currently, multi-level marketing companies are exempted from this rule. If this exemption is eliminated or if new regulations are adopted for multi-level marketing companies, it could negatively impact the growth of our sales force
 and our revenue. Also during 2021, the FTC sent a notice to more than 1,100 companies, including us and two of our subsidiaries (Pharmanex, LLC and Big Planet, Inc.), that outlined several practices that the FTC determined to be unfair or deceptive
 in prior administrative cases. These practices relate to earnings claims, other money-making opportunity claims, and endorsements and testimonials. Pursuant to the FTC s penalty offense authority, companies that received the notice are expected
 to comply with the standards set in the prior administrative cases and could incur significant civil penalties if they or their representatives fail to do so. The penalties could be up to 46,517 per violation, and there is some ambiguity in how a
 violation would be defined for these purposes. In addition, during 2022, the FTC issued an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ANPR indicating that it is considering proposing a rule regarding earnings claims. The ANPR also suggested,
 among other things, that the FTC might not consider a disclaimer (such as results not typical to be sufficient to correct a misleading impression from an atypical earnings claim. For more information about these matters, other regulatory
 actions, and their potential impact on our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Challenges to the form of our network marketing system or to our business practices could harm our business and Laws and
 regulations may prohibit or severely restrict direct selling and cause our revenue and profitability to decline, and regulators could adopt new regulations that harm our business. 

The regulatory environment in Mainland China is particularly complex and continues to evolve. Mainland China s direct selling and anti-pyramiding regulations contain various
 restrictions, including a prohibition on the payment of multi-level compensation. The regulations are subject to discretionary interpretation by state, provincial and local regulators as well as local customs and practices. Regulators continue to
 act cautiously as they monitor the development of direct selling in Mainland China. To expand our direct selling model into additional provinces in Mainland China, we currently must obtain a series of approvals from the local Department of
 Commerce in such provinces, the Shanghai Municipal Commission of Commerce (our supervisory authority), as well as the Ministry of Commerce, PRC MOFCOM ), which is the national governmental authority overseeing direct selling. In the course of
 obtaining these approvals, the respective authorities under MOFCOM must also consult and seek opinions on our business operations from the Ministry of Public Security and the Administration for Market Regulation at both provincial and state
 levels. Government authorities have not been issuing new licenses for direct selling since the beginning of the 100-day action in early 2019.

Our operations in Mainland China are subject to significant government and media scrutiny and investigations. At times, investigations and other regulatory actions have limited our ability to conduct business in
 Mainland China. For example, the government s scrutiny of activities within the health products and direct selling industries has been at higher levels since 2019, following negative media coverage about the healthcare-related product claims made
 by another direct selling company in Mainland China. During this time, we have been receiving and addressing an increased number of government reviews, inspections, and inquiries and consumer complaints in Mainland China; our ability to hold
 certain business meetings has been limited; and negative media coverage has spread to include additional companies, including ours. Another example occurred in 2014. In response to media and government scrutiny of our Mainland China business in
 2014, we voluntarily took a number of actions in Mainland China, including temporarily suspending our business meetings, temporarily suspending acceptance of applications for any new sales representatives, and extending our product refund and
 return policies. These voluntary measures and the adverse publicity had a significant negative impact on our business. We face a risk that future investigations and other regulatory actions may result in fines, revocation of licenses or other
 significant sanctions.

Several markets, including Mainland China, South Korea, Indonesia and Vietnam, impose limits on the amount of sales compensation we can pay to our sales force. For example, under regulations in Mainland China, direct
 selling companies may pay independent direct sellers in Mainland China up to a maximum 30 of the revenue they generate through their own sales of products to consumers. Additionally, in South Korea, local regulations limit sales compensation to
 35 of the total price of goods or services supplied in South Korea. We have implemented various measures to comply with these limits.

In some markets, regulations applicable to the activities of our Sales Leaders may affect our business because we are, or regulators may assert that we are, responsible for our Sales Leaders conduct. In these
 markets, regulators may request or require that we take steps to ensure that our Sales Leaders comply with local regulations. For example, in Japan, we have taken steps to comply with strict requirements regarding how Brand Affiliates approach
 prospective customers. From time to time, we receive information from consumer centers in certain prefectures about the number of general inquiries and complaints about us and our Brand Affiliates, and we also sometimes receive warnings to reduce
 such complaints. Based on this information, we continually evaluate and enhance our Brand Affiliate compliance, education and training efforts in Japan.

9 

Table of Contents 

Our sales force is required to comply with work authorization and other local legal requirements prior to working in a market. Some markets, including Mainland China and Vietnam, also prohibit or restrict
 participation of overseas personnel or foreigners in direct selling activities. We have implemented policies that are designed to comply with these regulations and inform our sales force regarding the types of activities that are not permitted.
 However, we cannot assure that actions of our sales force will not violate local laws or regulations or our policies.

Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for more information on regulatory and other risks associated with our business.

Product Regulations

Our beauty and wellness products and related promotional and marketing activities are subject to extensive government regulation by numerous federal, state and local government agencies and
 authorities, including the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Department of Agriculture, United States and State Attorneys General and other
 state regulatory agencies in the United States, as well as the State Administration for Market Regulation in Mainland China, the Food and Drug Administration in Taiwan, the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety in South Korea, the Ministry of Health,
 Labour and Welfare in Japan and similar government agencies in all other markets in which we operate. In the United States, the FDA, in particular, regulates the formulation, manufacture and labeling of over-the-counter OTC drugs, cosmetics,
 dietary supplements, foods and medical devices such as those that we distribute.

Regulation of Beauty Products in the United States. Our beauty products are subject to various laws and regulations that regulate cosmetic
 and personal care products and set forth regulations that, among other things, determine whether a product can be marketed as a cosmetic or requires further approval as an OTC drug. In the United States, the regulation of cosmetic content and
 labeling is under the primary jurisdiction of the FDA. Cosmetics are not subject to pre-market approval by the FDA, but their ingredients and their label and labeling content are regulated by the FDA, and those who sell cosmetics have the burden to
 ensure that they are safe for use as directed and not adulterated or misbranded. The labeling of cosmetic products is subject to the requirements of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act and other
 FDA regulations.

The FDCA defines cosmetics by their intended use, as articles intended to be rubbed, poured, sprinkled, or sprayed on, introduced into, or otherwise applied to the human body . . . for cleansing,
 beautifying, promoting attractiveness, or altering the appearance . . . . Among the products included in this definition are skin moisturizers, perfumes, lipsticks, fingernail polishes, eye and facial makeup preparations, shampoos, permanent
 waves, hair colors, toothpastes and deodorants, as well as material intended for use as a component of a cosmetic product. A product may be considered a drug if it is intended for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of
 disease, or is intended to affect the structure or any function of the body structure/function claims ). A product s intended use can be inferred from marketing or product claims, and regulators may consider the marketing claims of our sales
 force. Structure/function claims are generally prohibited for cosmetic products as are disease prevention and treatment claims. The FDA prohibits certain ingredients from being included in cosmetic products. It is possible that cosmetic product
 ingredients now commonly in use that are the product of certain scientific advancements or production processes may be restricted or prohibited in the future as more is learned about such ingredients.

In recent years, the FDA has issued warning letters to many cosmetic companies alleging improper structure/function claims regarding their cosmetic products, including, for example, product claims
 regarding gene activity, cellular rejuvenation, and rebuilding collagen. Cosmetic companies confront difficulty in determining whether a claim would be considered by the FDA to be an improper structure/function claim. Given this difficulty, and our
 research and product development focus on the sources of aging and the influence of certain ingredients on gene expression, there is a risk that we could receive a warning letter, be required to modify our product claims, or take other actions to
 satisfy the FDA if the FDA determines any of our marketing materials contain improper structure/function claims for our cosmetic products. In addition, plaintiffs lawyers have filed class action lawsuits against some of our competitors after our
 competitors received these FDA warning letters. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to government actions or lawsuits, which could harm our business.

Certain products, such as sunscreens and acne treatments, are classified as over-the-counter OTC drugs (and cosmetics, depending on claims) and have specific ingredient, labeling and manufacturing
 requirements. OTC drug products may be marketed if they conform to the requirements of an FDA-established OTC drug monograph that is applicable to that drug. Drug products not conforming to monograph requirements require an approved New Drug
 Application NDA before marketing may begin. Under these provisions, if the agency were to find that a product or ingredient of one of our OTC drug products is not generally recognized as safe and effective or is not included in a final
 monograph that is applicable to one of our OTC drug products, we may be required to reformulate or cease marketing that product until it is the subject of an approved NDA or until the time, if ever, that the monograph is amended to include such
 product. The labeling of these products is subject to the requirements of the FDCA and the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act and other FDA regulations.

10 

Table of Contents 

Regulation of Beauty Products in Other Markets. The other markets in which we operate have similar regulations. In Mainland China, beauty
 products, other than devices, are placed into one of two categories, special-purpose cosmetics and general cosmetics. Products in both categories require adequate substantiation of efficacy, which must be made available to authorities prior to
 marketing a product and which can be reviewed and enforced upon at any time thereafter. The product registration process for some categories of beauty products in Mainland China takes from three to six months to complete under the latest
 regulations governing cosmetics. Certain cosmetics are categorized as special cosmetics and carry a more unpredictable process and timing frequently in excess of two years. In Japan, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare regulates the sale
 and distribution of cosmetics and requires us to have an import business license and to register each beauty product imported into Japan. In Taiwan, all medicated cosmetic products require registration. In South Korea, all functional cosmetics
 are required to either undergo examination by or be reported to the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety. The sale of cosmetic products is regulated in the European Union (the EU under the EU Cosmetics Directive, which requires a uniform application
 for foreign companies making beauty product sales. Similar regulations in any of our markets may limit our ability to import products or utilize key ingredients or technologies globally and may delay product launches while the registration and
 approval process is pending. Changing regulations may require us to stop selling, discontinue, or reformulate and re-register products in order to sell those products.

Regulation of Wellness Products in the United States. Our wellness products are also subject to applicable regulations of government
 agencies in the markets in which we operate. In the United States, we generally market our wellness products as conventional foods or dietary supplements. The FDA has jurisdiction over this regulatory area. The FDA imposes specific requirements for
 the labels and labeling of food and dietary supplements, including the requirements of the Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act of 2004, which mandates declaration of the presence of major food allergens. In addition, the Public
 Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 contains requirements with regard to the sale and importation of food products in the United States.

The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act FSMA ), which was signed into law in 2011, also increased the FDA s authority with respect to food safety and made significant changes to the FDCA
 with respect to strengthening the U.S. food safety system. It enables the FDA to focus more on preventing food safety problems rather than primarily reacting to problems after they occur. The law also provides the FDA with enforcement authorities
 designed to achieve higher rates of compliance with prevention- and risk-based food safety standards and to better respond to and contain problems when they do occur. The law also gives the FDA important tools to hold imported foods to the same
 standards as domestic foods and directs the FDA to build an integrated national food safety system in partnership with state and local authorities. The FDA is actively enforcing FSMA requirements, subjecting
 food and nutritional supplements to increased regulatory scrutiny. Pursuant to FSMA, the FDA is authorized, among other things, to order mandatory recalls, issue administrative detention orders, and revoke manufacturing facility registrations
 (effectively preventing the operation of a food or dietary supplement manufacturing facility), and importers of foods and nutritional supplements are subject to Foreign Supplier Verification Program requirements. 

The FDA regulates dietary supplements principally under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 DSHEA ). DSHEA formally defines what may be sold as a dietary supplement, defines
 statements of nutritional support and the conditions under which they may lawfully be used, and includes provisions that permit the FDA to regulate manufacturing practices and labeling claims applicable to dietary supplements. Because the majority
 of our wellness products are regulated under DSHEA, we are generally not required to obtain regulatory approval prior to introducing a dietary supplement into the United States market. Prior to marketing a product, we are obligated to notify the
 FDA of any structure/function claims that we intend to make about the product in any product-related materials.

Generally, under DSHEA, dietary ingredients that were on the market before October 15, 1994 may be used in dietary supplements without notifying the FDA. However, a new dietary ingredient (i.e., a
 dietary ingredient that was not marketed in the United States before October 15, 1994) must be the subject of a new dietary ingredient notification submitted to the FDA unless the ingredient has been present in the food supply as an article used
 for food without having been chemically altered. The enforcement of the term chemically altered has and continues to evolve within the FDA. As such, an ingredient that is deemed today not to be chemically altered may be viewed otherwise in
 the future, which could lead to our being required to reformulate or cease marketing the product until such time that we can find a suitable replacement. A new dietary ingredient notification must provide the FDA with evidence of a history of use
 or other evidence of safety which establishes that use of the dietary ingredient will reasonably be expected to be safe. A new dietary ingredient notification must be submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before the new dietary ingredient can be
 marketed. Under DSHEA, the FDA may seek to remove from the market any new dietary ingredient that the FDA determines to be unsafe. In addition, the FDA may also deem a dietary supplement an unapproved drug where the marketing claims made in
 connection with the sale or promotion of the product effectively place it in the drug category.

From time to time, efforts are made by some individuals or groups to repeal DSHEA. If this were to happen, significant burdens would be imposed on our product development, and the costs of running our
 business would increase significantly.

11 

Table of Contents 

Regulation of Wellness Products Globally. In our foreign markets, nutritional supplements are generally regulated by similar government
 agencies, such as the Mainland China State Administration for Market Regulation, the South Korea Ministry of Food and Drug Safety; the Japan Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare and the Taiwan Department of Health. We typically market our
 wellness products in international markets as foods, health foods, dietary supplements, food supplements or other similar categorizations under applicable regulatory regimes. With few exceptions, in the event a product or ingredient is classified
 as a drug or pharmaceutical product in any market, we will generally not be able to distribute that product in that market through our distribution channel because of pre-market approvals and strict regulations applicable to drug and pharmaceutical
 products. Mainland China also has highly restrictive nutritional supplement product regulations. A vast majority of products marketed as health foods are subject to extensive laboratory and clinical analysis by government authorities, and the
 product registration process in Mainland China takes a minimum of two years and may be substantially longer. In some cases it has taken us four years or longer to obtain product registrations. A pre-market process has been established for a
 minority of health foods, which allows products with only basic nutritional ingredients (some vitamins and minerals) to be notified rather than registered. We market both health foods and general foods in Mainland China. There is some risk
 associated with the common practice in Mainland China of marketing a product as a general food while seeking health food classification. If government officials feel the categorization of our products is inconsistent with product claims, form
 of delivery, ingredients or function, this could end or limit our ability to market such products in Mainland China in their current form. In addition, we are not permitted to market or sell general foods through our direct sales channel in
 Mainland China and any efforts by our independent direct sellers to do so could result in negative publicity, fines and other government sanctions being imposed against us.

The markets in which we operate all have varied regulations that distinguish foods and nutritional supplements from pharmaceutical products. Because of the varied regulations, some products or
 ingredients that are recognized as a food in certain markets may be treated as a pharmaceutical in other markets. In Japan, for example, if a specified ingredient is not listed as a food by the Ministry of Health and Welfare, we must either
 modify the product to eliminate or substitute that ingredient, or petition the government to treat such ingredient as a food. We experience similar issues in our other markets. This is particularly a challenge in Europe, where regulations often
 still differ from member state to member state, despite EU regulations designed to harmonize the laws of EU member states. With markets in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ASEAN ), certain member states have amended some of their
 requirements in anticipation of the harmonization of ASEAN supplement regulations, even though these changes may not be identical to the eventual ASEAN requirements nor consistent with other member states. As a result, we often must modify the
 ingredients and/or the levels of ingredients in our products for certain markets or create unique formulations for multiple markets. In some circumstances, the regulations in foreign markets may require us to obtain regulatory approval prior to
 introduction of a new product or limit our use of certain ingredients altogether.

Because of negative publicity associated with some adulterated or misbranded supplements, including pharmaceutical drugs marketed as dietary supplements, there has been an increased movement in the
 United States and other markets to expand the regulation of dietary supplements, which could lead to additional restrictions or requirements in the future. In general, the regulatory environment is becoming more complex with increasingly stricter
 regulations each year.

Manufacturing Process. In 2008, and as subsequently updated under the regulations implementing the FSMA, the FDA established regulations
 to require current good manufacturing practices for dietary supplements and food products in the United States. The regulations ensure that dietary supplements and food products are produced in a quality manner, do not contain contaminants or
 impurities above pre-established levels, and are accurately labeled. The regulations include requirements for establishing quality control procedures for us and our vendors and suppliers, designing and constructing manufacturing plants, and
 testing ingredients and finished products throughout our supply chain. The regulations also include requirements for record keeping and handling consumer product complaints. If dietary supplements or food products contain contaminants or
 allergens or do not contain the type or quantity of dietary ingredient they are represented to contain, the FDA would consider those products to be adulterated or misbranded. Our business is subject to additional FDA regulations, such as new
 dietary ingredient regulations and adverse event reporting regulations that require us to document and track adverse events and report serious adverse events that involve hospitalization, permanent impairment or death associated with consumers 
 use of certain of our products. Compliance with these regulations has increased, and may further increase, the cost of manufacturing and selling certain of our products as we incur internal costs, oversee and inspect more aspects of third-party
 manufacturing and work with our vendors to assure they are in compliance and maintain accurate recordkeeping to establish controls. Failure to comply with good manufacturing practices could also result in product recalls.

Advertising and Product Claims. Most of our major markets also regulate advertising and product claims regarding the efficacy and quality of
 products and require adequate and reliable scientific substantiation of all claims. In most of our foreign markets, we are typically not able to make any medicinal claims with respect to our wellness products. In some cases, such regulations may
 limit our ability to inform consumers of some of the benefits our products offer.

In the United States, the FDA generally prohibits disease diagnosis, prevention and treatment claims when made for a dietary supplement. DSHEA, however, permits substantiated, truthful
 and non-misleading statements of nutritional support to be included in labeling for dietary supplements without FDA pre-approval. Such statements may describe how a particular dietary ingredient affects the structure, function or general
 well-being of the body, or the mechanism of action by which a dietary ingredient may affect the structure, function or well-being of the body, but such statements may not state that a dietary supplement will reduce the risk or incidence of a
 disease unless such claim has been reviewed and approved by the FDA. In addition, the FDA permits companies to use FDA-approved full and qualified health claims for products containing specific ingredients that meet stated requirements.

12 

Table of Contents 

A company that uses a statement of nutritional support in labeling must possess evidence substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading. The FDA has issued guidance defining a manufacturer s
 obligations to substantiate structure/function claims. Such statements, when used in labeling, must also be submitted to the FDA no later than 30 days after first marketing the product with the statement that they possess the necessary evidence and
 must be accompanied by an FDA mandated label disclaimer that This statement has not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. There can be no assurance, however, that the FDA or FTC
 will not determine that a particular statement of nutritional support that we want to use is an unacceptable disease claim or an unauthorized nutrient-disease relationship claim otherwise permitted with FDA approval as a health claim or that such
 claims have competent and reliable scientific evidence. Such a determination might prevent the use of such a claim or result in additional FDA enforcement.

We are aware of media reports regarding dietary supplements, which call for the repeal or amendment of DSHEA. Individuals or groups that are opposed to supplements or question their safety or efficacy attempt, from
 time to time, to use these media reports to propose legislation intended to amend or repeal DSHEA. Some of the legislative proposals may include variations on premarket approval, enhanced premarket safety or substantiation required and changing the
 definition of a dietary ingredient to remove either botanicals or selected classes of ingredients now treated as dietary ingredients.

Most of the other markets in which we operate have not adopted legislation like DSHEA, and we may be subject to more restrictive limitations on the claims we can make about our products in these
 markets. For example, in Japan, our nutritional supplements are marketed as food products, which significantly limits our ability to make claims regarding these products. If marketing materials produced or used by us or our sales force globally
 make claims that exceed the scope of allowed claims for nutritional supplements, the FDA or other regulatory authorities could deem our products to be unapproved drugs. In Mainland China, we also face significant restrictions on our ability to make
 product claims regarding the efficacy of our products. Violations, alleged violations, or negative media attention related to our compliance with these restrictions could harm consumers perception of our business and products and could negatively
 impact the registration, licensing status and sales of our products.

The FTC, which exercises primary jurisdiction over the advertising of all of our products in the United States, has instituted enforcement actions against dietary supplement, food, and cosmetic
 companies for, among other things, deceptive advertising and lack of adequate scientific substantiation for claims. We also face limitations on our use of the scientific experts who have helped us develop and test some of our products. In the
 United States, for example, the FTC s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising may restrict marketing to those results obtained by a typical consumer and require disclosure of any material connections between an
 endorser and the company or products they are endorsing. In Mainland China, some media outlets have questioned the nature and extent of our connections with our Scientific Advisory Board and others who have helped in developing our scientific
 approach or testing our products. This negative publicity could harm consumers perception of our business and our products, which could negatively impact our revenue. We cannot be sure that the FTC, or comparable foreign agencies, will not
 question our advertising or other operations in the future.

In recent years, the FTC has initiated numerous investigations of and actions against companies that sell dietary supplements and cosmetic products. The FTC may enforce compliance with
 the law in a variety of ways, both administratively and judicially, using compulsory process, cease and desist orders, and injunctions. FTC enforcement can result in consent decrees or orders requiring, among other things, injunctive provisions,
 corrective advertising, consumer redress, and such other relief as the agency deems necessary to protect the public. Violation of these consent decrees or orders could result in substantial financial or other penalties. The FTC also sends warning
 letters as it monitors companies activities. For example, during 2020 to 2022, the FTC issued letters that warned several direct-selling companies to remove and address claims that they or members of their sales force were making about
 their products ability to treat or prevent COVID-19 and/or about the earnings that people who have recently lost income could make. No assurance can be given that the FTC will not question our advertising or other
 operations in the United States in the future. Any action in the future by the FTC could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully market our products in the United States. 

In connection with investigations that occurred in the 1990s of certain alleged unsubstantiated product and earnings claims made by our Brand Affiliates, we entered into two consent
 decrees with the FTC and various agreements with state regulatory agencies. The consent decrees require us to, among other things, supplement our procedures to enforce our policies, not allow our Brand Affiliates to make earnings representations
 without making certain average earnings disclosures and not allow our Brand Affiliates to make unsubstantiated product claims. The FTC could initiate an enforcement action to the extent the FTC determines that
 our advertising or promotional practices are deceptive or contrary to the requirements of the consent decrees. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Regulation of Medical Devices. In 2014, our Nu Skin Facial Spa was cleared for marketing through the 510(k) process with the FDA as a
 medical device with cosmetic benefit. Medical devices are highly regulated by the FDA. Manufacturers of medical devices must register and list their products with the FDA annually, whether they are located domestically or overseas. Foreign
 jurisdictions may take note of the fact that we have registered a medical device in the United States and require us to register in their market as well. The FDA has broad regulatory powers in the areas of clinical testing, manufacturing and
 labeling of medical devices. Medical devices must be labeled in accordance with the FDA s general device labeling requirements and whatever particular label requirements the FDA may designate for that type of device.

In addition, medical device manufacturers must adhere to certain good manufacturing practices in accordance with the FDA s Quality System Regulation, which regulates the manufacture of medical
 devices, prescribes record-keeping procedures and provides for the routine inspection of facilities for compliance with such regulations. If in connection with these inspections, the FDA believes the manufacturer has failed to comply with
 applicable regulations and/or procedures, it may issue observations that would necessitate prompt corrective action. If the FDA inspection observations are not addressed and/or corrective action taken in a timely manner and to the FDA s
 satisfaction, the FDA may issue a warning letter (which would similarly necessitate prompt corrective action) and/or proceed directly to other forms of enforcement action. Failure to respond timely to FDA inspection observations, a warning letter
 or other notice of noncompliance and to promptly come into compliance could result in the FDA bringing enforcement action against us, which could include the shutdown of our production facilities, denial of importation rights to the United States
 for products manufactured in overseas locations and criminal and civil fines.

Our Pharmanex BioPhotonic Scanner and our current and future device products may be subject to the regulations of
 various health, consumer-protection and other government authorities around the world. These regulations vary from market to market and affect whether our products are required to be registered as medical devices, the claims that can be made with
 respect to these products, who can use them, and where they can be used. Our connected devices are subject to specific testing, certification, and/or registration governing the connectivity to mobile devices. We have been required to register our ageLOC Galvanic Facial Spa and ageLOC Body Spa systems as medical devices in a few markets, and we also have received clearance
 from the FDA to market our Nu Skin Facial Spa for over-the-counter use. We have registered ageLOC Boost as a medical device in Thailand, and we are seeking medical device registration in the United States
 and Thailand for the new connected body device that we plan to begin launching during 2023. We have been subject to regulatory inquiries in the United States, Japan and other markets with respect to the status of the Pharmanex BioPhotonic Scanner as a non-medical device. Any determination that medical device clearance is required for one of our products, in a market where we currently market and sell such product as a cosmetic or non-medical
 device, could require us to expend significant time and resources in order to meet the additional stringent standards imposed on medical device companies or prevent us from marketing the product.

Under applicable direct selling regulations in Mainland China, our Pharmanex BioPhotonic Scanner , ageLOC LumiSpa , ageLOC Galvanic Facial Spa 
 and ageLOC Body Spa systems are registered as health care equipment or household appliances, which enables us to market and sell them through our
 direct sales channel in that market. The process for registering products for the direct sales channel in Mainland China is subject to delays. However, this process and registration requirement do not apply to all of our sales channels in
 Mainland China; although our independent direct sellers are prohibited from earning commissions by selling products that are not so registered, sales by our sales employees or independent marketers are not subject to this requirement. Please
 refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors f or more information on the regulatory risks associated with our device products.

COMPETITION

Products

The markets for our products are highly competitive. Our competitors include a broad array of marketers of beauty and wellness products and pharmaceutical companies, such as L Or al, Clinique, Est e
 Lauder, Nature s Way, Avon Products and Mary Kay, many of which have longer operating histories and greater name recognition and financial resources than we do. We compete in these markets by emphasizing the innovation, value and premium quality of
 our products and the reach, convenience and customer servicing of our distribution system.

Direct Selling

We compete with other direct selling companies, some of which have a longer operating history, and greater visibility, name recognition and financial resources than we do. Leading global direct
 selling companies include Amway, Natura Cosmeticos and Herbalife. We also compete with local direct selling companies in the markets in which we operate. We compete with these companies to attract and retain our sales force and consumers based on
 the strength of our product offerings, sales compensation, multiple business opportunities, management and international operations.

14 

Table of Contents 

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 3,800 full- and part-time employees worldwide. This does not include approximately 9,600 sales employees in our Mainland China operations. Although we
 have statutory employee representation obligations in certain markets, our employees are generally not represented by labor unions except where expressly required by law. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good, and we do not
 foresee a shortage in qualified personnel necessary to operate our business.

Our human capital objectives include the following:

Culture. All of our full- and part-time employees are responsible for upholding the Nu Skin Code of Conduct and for striving to perpetuate
 the Nu Skin Way, our global culture aspiration, which includes the following principles:

A force for good 

Direct and decisive 

Accountable and empowered 

Exceptional 

Bold innovators 

Fast speed 

Customer obsessed 

One global team 

Hiring, Engagement, Development and Retention. We seek to hire and retain employees with the talents and capabilities to succeed at our
 company. The level of competition for qualified employees is high, owing to employment market trends both internationally and in Utah, where our corporate headquarters are located and which has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the United
 States. These conditions have made it more difficult for us to fill some job positions and retain employees. We address this issue by building a strong employer brand, allowing remote work options to reach potential employees in other locations,
 and providing competitive compensation and benefits.

Developing our employees and keeping them engaged is crucial. We pursue these objectives by providing leadership training, encouraging managers to conduct one-on-one meetings with employees, holding
 town hall meetings to promote dialogue between management and employees, and reinforcing the Nu Skin Way to maintain an invigorating and attractive culture. We conduct a global employee experience survey every six months to obtain our employees 
 feedback, which helps to guide our human capital initiatives and to maintain robust employee engagement.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. We believe a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment allows us to benefit from unique
 perspectives and provides vitality, creativity, new ideas and growth. We are committed to our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion vision statement: We believe we are a force for good as we seek, develop and empower diverse individuals and
 perspectives. We aspire to be a global community where every employee, entrepreneur and consumer knows and feels they belong. 

We have established employee resource groups to help ensure that under-represented populations feel welcome at Nu Skin, including people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals and women. Our Healthy Workplace
 Policy also aims to cultivate a culture of mutual respect and to provide all employees a work environment free from harassment, discrimination and unprofessional behavior. Our employees receive training on their responsibility in this important
 area, and we make a Healthy Workplace Hotline available for employees to report concerns anonymously.

We also incorporate DEI practices into our hiring process. We conduct training to create awareness of unintentional biases that may be present in the hiring process. We have partnered with
 universities and other institutions of higher learning to expand our talent pool, all while being cognizant of the wording of our job postings to be inclusive and utilizing multiple broad-based candidate search engines to increase our access to
 diverse candidates.

Employee Health and Well-Being. Our employees health and well-being is an essential component of our human capital management strategy. We
 established The Best You wellness program in the United States to improve the quality of each employee s physical, emotional, intellectual and financial wellness by encouraging and incentivizing healthy lifestyle practices through health
 screenings, prevention programs and education. Our employees also receive free product benefits, including our wellness products. Employees at our corporate headquarters also have access to an on-site gym, as well as our employee assistance
 program, which includes free counseling services.

Our Board s committees engage with our senior management and head of Human Resources regarding human capital management on a regular basis. Working with management, our Board s committees oversee and
 receive reports on matters including culture, compensation, benefits, key talent succession planning, employee engagement, and DEI. In addition, each year, our management reports to the Compensation and Human Capital Committee on management s
 annual assessment of risks related to our compensation policies and practices.

15 

Table of Contents 

Evidencing the success of our human capital management initiatives, Nu Skin was certified in 2022 as a Most Loved Workplace , based on research from the Best Practice Institute on
 companies where employees are the happiest and most satisfied. Nu Skin also made the Forbes magazine list of America s Best Employers for 2022.

In addition to our employees, our human capital resources also include our sales force. For information about our sales force, see Item 1. Business Distribution Channel. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Our website address is www.nuskin.com. We make available, free of charge on our Investor Relations website, ir.nuskin.com, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K,
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and
 Exchange Commission.

We also use our Investor Relations website, ir.nuskin.com, as a channel of distribution of additional Company information that may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition
 to following our press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website shall not be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference.

We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those of our subsidiaries. Our Code of Conduct is available in the Corporate Governance section of our
 Investor Relations website at ir.nuskin.com. In addition, stockholders may obtain a copy, free of charge, by making a written request to Investor Relations, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., 75 West Center Street, Provo, Utah 84601. Any amendments or
 waivers (including implicit waivers) regarding the Code of Conduct requiring disclosure under applicable SEC rules or NYSE listing standards will be disclosed in the same section of our website.

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Our executive officers as of February 14, 2023 are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Steven J. Lund

69

Executive Chairman of the Board

Ryan S. Napierski

49

President and Chief Executive Officer

Connie Tang

52

Executive Vice President, Chief Global Growth and Customer Experience Officer

Mark H. Lawrence

53

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Joseph Y. Chang

70

Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer

Chayce D. Clark

40

Executive Vice President and General Counsel

Steven K. Hatchett

51

Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer

Steven J. Lund has served as Executive Chairman of our board of directors since 2012. Mr. Lund previously served as Vice Chairman of our board of directors from 2006 to 2012
 and as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors from 1996, when we went public, until 2003. Mr. Lund is a trustee of the Nu Skin Force for Good Foundation, a charitable organization established in 1996 by our
 company to help encourage and drive the philanthropic efforts of our company and its sales force and employees to enrich the lives of others. Mr. Lund worked as an attorney in private practice prior to joining our company as Vice President and
 General Counsel. He received a B.A. degree from Brigham Young University and a J.D. degree from Brigham Young University s J. Reuben Clark Law School.

Ryan S. Napierski has served as our Company s President since 2017 and as our CEO since September 2021. Previously, he served as President of Global Sales and Operations from
 2015 to 2017. Prior to serving in that position, he served as both President of our North Asia region since 2014 and President of Nu Skin Japan since 2010. Mr. Napierski has fulfilled multiple leadership positions for Nu Skin since joining our
 company in 1995, including Vice President of Business Development for Nu Skin EMEA and General Manager of the United Kingdom. Mr. Napierski has a Bachelor s degree in business, a Master of Business Administration degree from Duke University and a
 Master s degree in international business from Goethe Universitat in Germany.

Connie Tang has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Global Growth and Customer Experience Officer since April 2021. From 2012 to 2019, she served as president and
 CEO of Princess House, a kitchen products company that markets and sells its products through the direct selling channel, and she founded Gritty Executive Consulting, LLC in 2020. Previously, she served as president of the U.S. division of JAFRA
 Cosmetics and in management roles at BeautiControl. Ms. Tang received a B.A. degree from City University of New York Brooklyn College.

16 

Table of Contents 

Mark H. Lawrence has served as our Chief Financial Officer since 2017. From 2016 to 2017, Mr. Lawrence served as vice president of finance for the Innovation Center at Vivint
 Smart Home, a home automation company. From 2013 to 2016, Mr. Lawrence was head of finance at Amazon Lab126, a consumer electronics research and development company that is a subsidiary of Amazon.com. During 2013, he served as senior vice president
 of worldwide finance at Polycom, a voice and video communications company, and from 2002 to 2013 he served in various financial positions at Brocade Communications Systems, a networking hardware, software and services company. Mr. Lawrence holds a
 Bachelor s degree from Brigham Young University and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of California, Davis.

Joseph Y. Chang has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer since 2006. Dr. Chang served as President of our Pharmanex division from 2000 to 2006.
 From 1997 to 2000, he served as Vice President of Clinical Studies and Pharmacology of Pharmanex. Dr. Chang has approximately 40 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and/or dietary supplement industries. He received a B.S. degree from
 Portsmouth University and a Ph.D. degree from the University of London.

Chayce D. Clark has served as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel since August 2021. Mr. Clark joined our company in 2015 as Assistant General Counsel and later
 served as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel before beginning his current role. Prior to joining our company, he was a litigation attorney in private practice in Salt Lake City, Utah. He received a B.S. degree from Southern Utah University
 and a J.D. degree from the University of Utah.

Steven K. Hatchett joined our company in 2018 and served as Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing until January 2021, when he began serving as Senior Vice President of
 Global Products. He became Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer in January 2022. From 2015 to 2018, he served as CEO of a nutritional supplement manufacturer that our company acquired in 2018, at which time he began serving as
 president until December 2020. Previously, he served as vice president of manufacturing and product innovation at Forever Living Products, and as CEO and president at Cornerstone Research and Development.

17 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

Risk Factor Summary 

We are providing the following summary of the risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to enhance the readability and accessibility of our risk factor
 disclosures. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors contained after this summary for additional information regarding the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. These risks include the
 following:

Risks Associated with Direct Selling and Our Sales Force

Challenges to the form of our network marketing system or to our business practices could harm our business.

Laws and regulations may prohibit or severely restrict direct selling and cause our revenue and profitability to decline, and regulators could adopt new regulations that harm our business.

Improper sales force actions could harm our business.

Social media platforms decisions to prohibit, block or decrease the prominence of our sales force s content could harm our business.

If our business practices or policies or the actions of our sales force are deemed to be in violation of applicable local regulations regarding foreigners, then we could be sanctioned and/or required to change
 our business model, which could significantly harm our business.

Our sales compensation plans or other incentives could be viewed negatively by some of our sales force, could be restricted by government regulators, and could fail to achieve desired long-term results and have
 a negative impact on revenue.

Limits on the amount of sales compensation we pay could inhibit our ability to attract and retain our sales force, negatively impact our revenue and cause regulatory risks.

We may be held responsible for certain taxes, assessments and other requirements relating to the activities of our sales force, which could harm our financial condition and operating results.

Risks Associated with Our Operations in Mainland China

Our operations in Mainland China are subject to significant government scrutiny, and we could be subject to fines or other penalties.

If direct selling regulations in Mainland China are modified, interpreted or enforced in a manner that results in negative changes to our business model or the imposition of a range of potential penalties, our
 business could be significantly negatively impacted.

Our ability to expand our business in Mainland China could be negatively impacted if we are unable to obtain additional necessary national and local government approvals in Mainland China.

If we are not able to register products for sale in Mainland China, our business could be harmed.

Risks Associated with Market Conditions and Competition

Our markets are intensely competitive, and market conditions and the strengths of competitors may harm our business.

Adverse publicity concerning our business, marketing plan, products or people could harm our business and reputation.

Inability of products, platforms, business opportunities and other initiatives to gain or maintain sales force and market acceptance could harm our business.

Product diversion may have a negative impact on our business.

Risks Associated with COVID-19

Epidemics, including COVID-19, and other crises have and may continue to negatively impact our business.

International Risks

Our ability to conduct business in international markets may be affected by political, legal, tax and regulatory risks.

We are subject to financial risks as a result of our international operations, including exposure to foreign-currency fluctuations, currency controls and inflation in foreign markets, all of which could impact
 our financial position and results of operations.

Potential changes to tariff and import/export regulations, and ongoing trade disputes between the United States and other jurisdictions may have a negative effect on global economic conditions and our business,
 financial results and financial condition.

Human Capital Risks

If we are unable to retain our existing sales force and recruit additional people to join our sales force, our revenue may not increase and may even decline.

We depend on our key personnel and Sales Leaders, and the loss of the services provided by any of our executive officers, other key employees or key Sales Leaders could harm our business and results of
 operations.

18 

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Our Manufacturing and Operations

Production difficulties, quality control problems, inaccurate forecasting, shortages in ingredients, and reliance on our suppliers could harm our business.

The loss of or a disruption in our manufacturing, supply chain and distribution operations, or significant expenses or violations incurred by such operations, could adversely affect our business.

Our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to execute our product launch process or ongoing product sales due to difficulty in forecasting or increased pressure on our supply chain, information systems
 and management.

If we are unable to effectively manage our growth in certain markets, our operations could be harmed.

System failures, capacity constraints and other information technology difficulties could harm our business.

Any acquired companies or future acquisitions may expose us to additional risks.

Product Legal and Regulatory Risks

Regulations governing our products, including the formulation, registration, pre-approval, marketing and sale of our products, could harm our business.

Government regulations and private party actions relating to the marketing and advertising of our products and services may restrict, inhibit or delay our ability to sell our products and harm our business.

Our operations could be harmed if we fail to comply with Good Manufacturing Practices.

If our current or any future device products are determined to be medical devices in a particular geographic market, or if our sales force uses these products for medical purposes or makes improper medical
 claims, our ability to continue to market and distribute such devices could be harmed, and we could face legal or regulatory actions.

We may incur product liability claims that could harm our business.

Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks

We may become involved in legal proceedings and other matters that could adversely affect our operations or financial results.

Non-compliance with anti-corruption laws could harm our business.

A failure of our internal controls over financial reporting or our regulatory compliance efforts could harm our stock price and our financial and operating results or could result in fines or penalties.

Risks Associated with Taxes, Customs and Debt

We are subject to changes in tax and customs laws, changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities, which could have a material and
 adverse impact on our effective tax rate, operating results, cash flows and financial condition.

Government authorities may question our tax or customs positions or change their laws in a manner that could increase our effective tax rate or otherwise harm our business.

A decline in our business could adversely affect our financial position and liquidity.

Intellectual Property Risks

We may be subject to claims of infringement on the intellectual property rights or trade secrets of others, resulting in costly litigation.

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights or our proprietary information and know-how, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted and the value of our products could be adversely
 affected.

Data Security and Privacy Risks

Cyber security risks and the failure to maintain the integrity of company, employee, sales force or guest data could expose us to data loss, litigation, liability and harm to our reputation.

Sustainability Risks

Our business could be negatively impacted by corporate citizenship and sustainability matters.

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

The market price of our Class A common stock is subject to significant fluctuations due to a number of factors that are beyond our control.

General Risk Factors

Difficult economic conditions could harm our business.

Risk Factors 

We face a number of substantial risks. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to
 any of these risks, which should be considered together with the other items in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 1. Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

19 

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Direct Selling and Our Sales Force 

Challenges to the form of our network marketing system or to our business practices could harm our business.

We may be subject to challenges by government regulators regarding the form of our network marketing system. Legal and regulatory requirements concerning the direct selling industry generally do not include bright
 line rules and are inherently fact-based and subject to interpretation. As a result, regulators and courts have discretion in their application of these laws and regulations, and the enforcement or interpretation of these laws and regulations by
 government agencies or courts can change.

Recent settlements between the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC and other direct selling companies and guidance from the FTC have addressed inappropriate earnings and lifestyle claims, problematic compensation
 structures and the importance of focusing on consumers. These developments have created ambiguity as to the proper interpretation of the law and related court decisions. The FTC has been active in its enforcement activities, and any adverse rulings
 or legal actions could impact our business if direct selling laws or anti-pyramid laws are interpreted more narrowly or in a manner that results in additional burdens or restrictions on direct selling companies. For example:

In 2015, the FTC took aggressive actions against a multi-level marketing company, alleging an illegal business model and inappropriate earnings claims.

In 2016, the FTC entered into a settlement with a multi-level marketing company, requiring the company to modify its business model, including basing sales compensation and qualification only on sales to retail and preferred customers
 and on purchases by a distributor for personal consumption within allowable limits. Although this settlement does not represent judicial precedent or a new FTC rule, the FTC has indicated that the industry should look at this settlement,
 and the principles underlying its specific measures, for guidance.

In 2019, the FTC entered into a settlement with a multi-level marketing company, alleging an illegal business model and compensation structure and inappropriate earnings claims. The company agreed to a prohibition from engaging in
 multi-level marketing. The FTC and another multi-level marketing company are currently in litigation, and that company had indicated the FTC was seeking to limit the levels of payment in its compensation structure as a condition to
 settlement.

During 2020 to 2022, the FTC issued letters that warned several direct-selling companies to remove and address claims that they or members of their sales force were making about their products ability to treat or prevent COVID-19
 and/or about the earnings that people who have recently lost income could make.

In 2021, the FTC sent a notice to more than 1,100 companies, including us and two of our subsidiaries (Pharmanex, LLC and Big Planet, Inc.), that outlined several practices that the FTC determined to be unfair or deceptive in prior
 administrative cases. These practices relate to earnings claims, other money-making opportunity claims, and endorsements and testimonials. Pursuant to the FTC s penalty offense authority, companies that received the notice are expected
 to comply with the standards set in the prior administrative cases and could incur significant civil penalties if they or their representatives fail to do so. The penalties could be up to 46,517 per violation, and there is some ambiguity
 in how a violation would be defined for these purposes.

In 2022, the FTC issued an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ANPR indicating that it is considering proposing a rule regarding earnings claims. The ANPR also suggested, among other things, that the FTC might not consider a
 disclaimer (such as results not typical to be sufficient to correct a misleading impression from an atypical earnings claim.

Although we take steps to educate our sales force on proper claims, if members of our sales force make improper claims, or if regulators determine we are making any improper claims, this could lead to an FTC
 investigation and could harm our business. In this regard, FTC s increased scrutiny of disclaimers, as discussed in the ANPR, could lead to more FTC actions regarding improper claims.

In addition, if the requirements related to compensation structures in the actions listed above lead to new industry standards or new rules, or if they limit the levels in the network for which payments can be made,
 our business could be impacted and we may need to amend our global sales compensation plan. With a majority of our revenue in the United States coming from sales to retail customers and preferred customers, we believe that we can demonstrate
 consumer demand for our products, but we continue to monitor developments to assess whether we should make any changes to our business or global sales compensation plan. If we are required to make changes or if the FTC seeks to enforce similar
 measures in the industry, either through rulemaking or an enforcement action against our company, our business could be harmed.

We could also be subject to challenges by private parties in civil actions. We are aware of civil actions against other direct-selling companies in the United States that have resulted, and may in the future result,
 in significant settlements. Allegations directed at us and our competitors regarding the legality of multi-level marketing in various markets and adverse media reports have also created intense public scrutiny of us and our industry. Our business
 has also been subject to formal and informal inquiries from various government regulatory authorities in the past regarding our business and our compliance with local laws and regulations. Consumer protection groups also generate media and
 regulatory scrutiny of companies in our industry through regulatory referrals and other channels of publicity. All of these actions and any future scrutiny of us or our industry could generate negative publicity or further regulatory actions that
 could result in fines, restrict our ability to conduct our business in our various markets, enter into new markets, motivate our sales force and attract consumers.

20 

Table of Contents 

Laws and regulations may prohibit or severely restrict direct selling and cause our revenue and profitability to decline, and regulators could adopt new regulations that harm our business.

Various government agencies throughout the world regulate direct sales practices. Laws and regulations in the United States, Japan, South Korea and Mainland China are particularly stringent and subject to broad
 discretion in enforcement by regulators. These laws and regulations are generally intended to prevent fraudulent or deceptive schemes, often referred to as pyramid schemes, that compensate participants primarily for recruiting additional
 participants without significant emphasis on product sales to consumers. The laws and regulations in our current markets often:

impose requirements related to sign-up, order cancellations, product returns, inventory buy-backs and cooling-off periods for our sales force and consumers;

require us, or our sales force, to register with government agencies;

impose limits on the amount of sales compensation we can pay;

impose reporting requirements; and

require that our sales force is compensated for selling products and not for recruiting others.

Complying with these widely varying and sometimes inconsistent rules and regulations can be difficult, time-consuming and expensive, and requires significant resources. The laws and regulations governing direct
 selling are modified from time to time, and like other direct selling companies, we are subject from time to time to government inquiries and investigations in our various markets related to our direct selling activities. This can require us to
 make changes to our business model and aspects of our sales compensation plan in the markets impacted by such changes and investigations. During 2021, the FTC announced that it is initiating a review of its Business Opportunity Rule, which imposes
 certain obligations on business opportunity sellers in their dealings with prospective buyers; the FTC issued a request for public comment on this rule in November 2022. Currently, multi-level marketing companies are exempted from this rule. If
 this exemption is eliminated or if new regulations are adopted for multi-level marketing companies, it could negatively impact the growth of our sales force and our revenue. In addition, markets where we currently do business could change their
 laws or regulations to prohibit direct selling. If we are unable to obtain necessary licenses and certifications within required deadlines or continue business in existing markets or commence operations in new markets because of these laws, our
 revenue and profitability may decline. Any delay could negatively impact our revenue.

Improper sales force actions could harm our business.

Sales force activities that violate applicable laws, regulations or policies, or that are alleged to do so, have, and could in the future, harmed our business and reputation and resulted in government or third-party
 actions against us.

For example, in 2014, allegations were made by various media outlets that certain of our sales representatives in Mainland China failed to adequately follow and enforce our policies and regulations. This adverse
 publicity, as well as a government review and actions that we voluntarily took to address the situation, resulted in a significant negative impact on our revenue and the number of Sales Leaders and Customers in the region. Similar or more extreme
 actions by government agencies in Mainland China or other markets in the future could have a significant adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

The direct selling industry in Japan continues to experience regulatory and media scrutiny, and other direct selling companies have been suspended from sponsoring activities. Japan imposes strict requirements
 regarding how Brand Affiliates approach prospective customers. From time to time, we receive information from consumer centers in certain prefectures about the number of general inquiries and complaints about us and our Brand Affiliates, and we
 also sometimes receive warnings to reduce such complaints. Based on this information, we continually evaluate and enhance our Brand Affiliate compliance, education and training efforts in Japan. However, we cannot be certain that our efforts will
 successfully prevent regulatory actions against us, including fines, suspensions or other sanctions, or that the company and the direct selling industry will not receive further negative media attention, all of which could harm our business.

Except in Mainland China, members of our sales force are not employees and act independently of us. The most significant area of risk for such activities relates to improper product claims and claims regarding the
 business opportunity of joining our sales force. For example:

During 2020 to 2022, the FTC issued letters that warned several direct-selling companies to remove and address claims that they or members of their sales force were making about their products 
 ability to treat or prevent COVID-19 and/or about the earnings that people who have recently lost income could make.

In 2021, the FTC sent a notice to more than 1,100 companies, including us and two of our subsidiaries (Pharmanex, LLC and Big Planet, Inc.), that outlined several practices that the FTC determined to be unfair or deceptive in prior
 administrative cases. These practices relate to earnings claims, other money-making opportunity claims, and endorsements and testimonials. Pursuant to the FTC s penalty offense authority, companies that received the notice are expected to comply with the standards set in the prior administrative cases and could incur significant civil penalties if they or their representatives fail to do so. The penalties could be up to 46,517
 per violation, and there is some ambiguity in how a violation would be defined for these purposes.

21 

Table of Contents 

We implement strict policies and procedures to ensure our sales force complies with legal requirements. However, given the size of our sales force, we experience problems from time to time. For example, product
 claims made by some of our sales force in 1990 and 1991 led to a FTC investigation that resulted in our entering into two consent agreements with the FTC and various agreements with state regulatory agencies. In addition, rulings by the South
 Korean Fair Trade Commission and by judicial authorities against us and other companies in South Korea indicate that, if our sales force engages in criminal activity, we may be held liable or penalized for failure to supervise them adequately. Our
 sales force may attempt to anticipate which markets we will open in the future and begin marketing and sponsoring activities in markets where we are not qualified to conduct business. We could face fines, suspensions or other legal action if our
 sales force violates applicable laws and regulations, and our reputation and brand could be negatively impacted.

In addition, as our sales force increasingly uses social media to promote our business opportunity and products, this increases the burden on us to monitor compliance of such activities and increases the risk that
 such social media content could contain problematic claims in violation of our policies and applicable regulations. For example, due to the borderless nature of social media, a claim that is allowed in one market may ultimately reach another market
 where it is not allowed.

Social media platforms decisions to prohibit, block or decrease the prominence of our sales force s content could harm our business.

Social media platforms have, and could in the future, decided to prohibit, block or decrease the prominence of our sales force s content for any reason. For example, due to concerns with multi-level marketing, the
 TikTok and WhatsApp Business platforms policies prohibit content related to multi-level marketing. In addition, Pinterest and Facebook prohibit ads that promote multi-level marketing opportunities, and Pinterest has also imposed restrictions on
 weight loss products, claims and photos. Our business is becoming increasingly dependent on social commerce. Additional social media platforms adoption of similar or stricter policies could significantly hamper our sales force s ability to promote
 our products and attract consumers, which could cause our revenue to decline. Our reputation could also be harmed if our sales force violates any social media platform s policies.

If our business practices or policies or the actions of our sales force are deemed to be in violation of applicable local regulations regarding foreigners, then we could be
 sanctioned and/or required to change our business model, which could significantly harm our business.

Our sales force is required to comply with work authorization and other local legal requirements prior to working in a market. Some markets, including Mainland China and Vietnam, also prohibit or restrict
 participation of foreigners in direct selling activities. We have implemented policies that are designed to comply with these regulations and inform our sales force regarding the types of activities that are not permitted. However, we cannot assure
 that actions of our sales force will not violate local laws or regulations or our policies. If our business practices or policies or the actions of our sales force are deemed to be in violation of applicable regulations as they may be interpreted
 or enforced, then we could be sanctioned and/or required to change our business model, which could result in adverse publicity and significantly harm our business.

Our sales compensation plans or other incentives could be viewed negatively by some of our sales force, could be restricted by government regulators, and could fail to achieve
 desired long-term results and have a negative impact on revenue.

Our sales compensation includes some components that differ from market to market. We modify components of our sales compensation from time to time to keep our sales compensation plans and business models competitive
 and attractive to our existing sales force and people interested in joining our sales force, to address changing market dynamics, to provide incentives to our sales force that we believe will help grow our business, to conform to local regulations
 and to address other business needs. Because of the size of our sales force and the complexity of our sales compensation plans, it is difficult to predict how such changes will be viewed by our sales force and whether such changes will achieve
 their desired results. It also is difficult to predict how such changes may impact our ability to attract a larger potential target market of opportunity seekers. Certain changes we have made to our global sales compensation plan in the past, which
 were successful in several markets, did not achieve anticipated results in certain other markets, were not viewed positively by some segments of our sales force, and negatively impacted our business. Similarly, we face the risk that we could fail
 to make changes to our compensation plans that would be necessary to keep our compensation competitive with the market and allow us to attract new opportunity seekers or segments of opportunity seekers, which could have a negative impact on our
 sales force.

In addition, we have been required to modify our sales compensation plan in certain markets, including South Korea and Vietnam, from time to time to remain in compliance with applicable sales compensation limits.
 Changes to reduce sales compensation have had a negative impact on the sales force in the past and could in the future.

We have announced that we will be making some changes to our compensation plan in the United States to limit the amount of volume from internal sales to our sales force that can be used in the calculation of their
 compensation and performance measurements. To facilitate these changes, we are working to implement digital tools to allow our sales force to more easily document resales and also to encourage a shift in behavior through incentives and recognition.
 To the extent these proposed changes are more difficult to implement and transition than anticipated, our sales force could be distracted or have their commission impacted, all of which could negatively impact our business.

22 

Table of Contents 

Limits on the amount of sales compensation we pay could inhibit our ability to attract and retain our sales force, negatively impact our revenue and cause regulatory risks.

Several markets, including Mainland China, South Korea, Indonesia and Vietnam, impose limits on the amount of sales compensation we can pay to our sales force. For example, under regulations in Mainland China, direct
 selling companies may pay independent direct sellers in Mainland China up to a maximum 30 of the revenue they generate through their own sales of products to consumers. Additionally, in South Korea, local regulations limit sales compensation to
 35 of the total price of goods or services supplied in South Korea. These regulations may limit the incentive for people to join our sales force and may reduce our ability to differentiate ourselves from our competitors in attracting and retaining
 our sales force.

In addition, we have been required to modify our sales compensation plan in certain markets, including South Korea and Vietnam, from time to time to remain in compliance with applicable sales compensation limits.
 Because sales compensation, as a percentage of revenue, can fluctuate as sales force productivity fluctuates, we may be required to make further changes to stay within applicable sales compensation limits or may be at risk of exceeding them. In
 addition, which revenues and expenses are within the scope of these regulations is not always clear, and interpretation and enforcement of these laws are subject to change, which could require us to make further changes or result in non-compliance
 with these regulations. Any failure to keep sales compensation within legal limits in Mainland China, South Korea, Indonesia, Vietnam or any other market that imposes a sales compensation limit could result in fines or other sanctions, including
 suspensions.

We may be held responsible for certain taxes, assessments and other requirements relating to the activities of our sales force, which could harm our financial condition and
 operating results.

We are subject to the risk in some jurisdictions of being responsible for social security taxes, withholding or other taxes, minimum wage laws, and related assessments and penalties with respect to our sales force.
 This would occur if a jurisdiction classifies our sales force as our employees rather than as independent contractors, or if a jurisdiction expands the categories of personnel to whom these tax obligations apply.

The laws and interpretations regarding independent contractor status in certain jurisdictions, including the United States, continue to evolve, and in some cases, authorities have sought to apply
 these laws unfavorably against gig economy, platform and direct selling companies. For example, in October 2022, the U.S. Department of Labor proposed a regulation that, if adopted, would alter the employee vs. independent contractor
 analysis in a way that could potentially cause more workers to be classified as employees.

In addition, some jurisdictions have, without challenging the independent contractor status, taken the position that direct sellers must nonetheless pay certain taxes with respect to payments to their sales force.

In the event that local laws and regulations, or the interpretation of local laws and regulations, require us to treat members of our sales force as employees rather than independent contractors (or to comply with
 similar requirements regardless of whether our sales force is classified as employees), this could harm our financial condition and operating results. This risk increases as our sales force increases its use of social sharing, as several
 jurisdictions regulations protect in-person or in-home sales demonstrations from creating an employment relationship but are less protective of online demonstrations. If our Brand Affiliates were deemed to be employees rather than independent
 contractors, we would also face the risk of increased liability for their actions.

Our Sales Leaders could also face similar risks with respect to the Brand Affiliates in their sales organizations who may claim they are employees of the Sales Leader rather than independent contractors or
 independent business owners, which could impact their sales operations or lead them to cease their participation in our business.

Risks Associated with Our Operations in Mainland China 

Our operations in Mainland China are subject to significant government scrutiny, and we could be subject to fines or other penalties.

Our operations in Mainland China are subject to significant regulatory scrutiny. The legal system in Mainland China provides government authorities broad latitude to conduct investigations, and many Chinese
 regulations, including those governing our business, are subject to significant interpretation, which may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Because of significant government concerns in Mainland China regarding improper direct selling
 activities, government regulators closely scrutinize activities of direct selling companies and activities that resemble direct selling. The government in Mainland China continues to inspect and review companies in the direct selling industry on a
 regular basis. We believe the regulatory environment in Mainland China is becoming increasingly challenging and will continue to be so over the medium and long terms.

23 

Table of Contents 

The government s scrutiny of activities within the health products and direct selling industries has been at higher levels since 2019, when the government conducted a 100-day campaign 
 to review and inspect the health products and direct selling industries following negative media coverage generated by the healthcare-related product claims made by another direct selling company in Mainland China. Since 2019, we have been
 receiving and addressing an increased number of government reviews, inspections, and inquiries and consumer complaints in Mainland China; our ability to hold certain business meetings has been limited; and negative media coverage has spread to
 include additional companies, including ours.

Government regulators frequently make inquiries into our business activities and investigate complaints from consumers and others regarding our business. Some of these inquiries and investigations in the past have
 resulted in the payment of fines by us or members of our sales force, interruption of sales activities and warnings. Any determination by government regulators in these inquiries or investigations that our operations or activities, or the
 activities of our sales force, are not in compliance with applicable regulations could result in substantial fines, extended interruptions of business, and termination of necessary licenses and permits, including our direct selling and other
 licenses, all of which could harm our business.

We train our sales force in Mainland China on how our Mainland China business model differs from our global business model. However, Sales Leaders in Mainland China may attend regional and global events or interact
 with Sales Leaders from other markets. Although our global model and Mainland China business model differ, mistakes may be made as to how those working in Mainland China should promote the business in Mainland China. These mistakes by our sales
 force, or allegations of such mistakes, have, and may in the future, led to government reviews and investigations of our operations in Mainland China, as well as adverse publicity, reputational harm and adjustments or interruptions to our
 operations, all of which has and could in the future have a significant negative impact on our revenue and the number of Sales Leaders and Customers in the region.

If direct selling regulations in Mainland China are modified, interpreted or enforced in a manner that results in negative changes to our business model or the imposition of a
 range of potential penalties, our business could be significantly negatively impacted.

The government of Mainland China has adopted direct selling and anti-pyramiding regulations that impose significant restrictions and limitations on businesses in our industry. Most notably, the regulations prohibit
 multi-level compensation, which is the basis of how we compensate our sales force outside of Mainland China. The regulations also prohibit overseas personnel from participating in direct selling in Mainland China. We have structured our business
 model in Mainland China based on several factors: the guidance we have received from government officials, our interpretation of applicable regulations, our understanding of the practices of other international direct selling companies operating in
 Mainland China, and our understanding as to how regulators are interpreting and enforcing the regulations. Members of our sales force in Mainland China do not participate in our global sales compensation plan but are instead compensated according
 to a separate compensation model. We generally compensate our Sales Leaders in Mainland China at a level that is competitive with other direct selling companies in the market and comparable to the compensation of our Sales Leaders globally.

Other than our direct selling subsidiary, we also have a separate subsidiary in Mainland China that is a registered independent entity that engages in cross-border e-commerce, through which one of our U.S.
 subsidiaries can sell a limited selection of products to consumers in Mainland China for their personal consumption. Cross-border e-commerce is separated from the direct selling sales channel in Mainland China. Our Sales Leaders can contract with
 the China entity, promote this cross-border e-commerce platform to introduce consumers to place orders on this platform, and receive compensation in return. Through this entity, the U.S. subsidiary sells our ageLOC Meta product, which is neither registered for retail sale in Mainland China nor registered specifically as a direct selling product and, therefore, can only be sold to local consumers for their personal
 consumption and cannot be sold through the direct selling channel. We also plan to begin selling additional products through this channel. Although we take measures (1) to maintain legal separation between our cross-border e-commerce entity and
 our direct selling entity; and (2) to ensure the products sold on our cross-border e-commerce platform are for consumers personal consumption only, our business in Mainland China could be negatively impacted if regulatory authorities elect to
 attribute these cross-border e-commerce sales activities and related product claims, or the accompanying actions of our sales force, to our direct selling business, and make a determination they are in violation of direct selling or other
 applicable laws.

24 

Table of Contents 

Our Mainland China business also has an e-commerce platform in which it sells products directly to customers. The products we sell on this platform are registered for retail sale in Mainland China, but they are not
 registered for the direct selling channel. We permit members of our sales force, as non-direct sellers, to promote this platform and refer customers to it, in addition to their participation in our direct selling business. They receive a promotion
 bonus based on our sales on this platform to customers they have referred. Although the promotion bonus is calculated separately from our sales force s compensation for direct selling, it is possible that our business in Mainland China could be
 negatively impacted if regulatory authorities elect to attribute these e-commerce sales activities and the promotion bonus to our direct selling business.

The nature of the political, regulatory and legal systems in Mainland China gives regulatory agencies at both the local and central levels of government broad discretion to interpret and enforce regulations as they
 deem appropriate to promote social stability. We face a risk that regulators may change the way in which they currently interpret and enforce the direct selling regulations, or that such regulations may be modified. If our business practices are
 deemed to be in violation of applicable regulations as they may be interpreted or enforced, in particular our use of the sales productivity of a Sales Leader him/herself and of the sales force that such Sales Leader trains, collaborates with,
 supports and services in setting his/her salary or service fee and determining their position/title on a quarterly basis, then we could be sanctioned, required to change our business model, and/or have our direct selling license revoked, any of
 which could significantly harm our business. We believe the regulatory environment in Mainland China is becoming increasingly challenging and will continue to be so over the medium and long terms. We currently
 plan to implement certain changes to the structure of our sales compensation in Mainland China due to the evolving commercial and regulatory environment. These changes could have a negative impact on our sales in that market.

In January 2019, the Mainland China government announced a 100-day campaign to review and inspect the health products and direct selling industries. This campaign involved a number of regulatory agencies. Since the
 100-day period ended, there has continued to be a heightened level of regulatory scrutiny of these industries and of our business and products. For example, government authorities have not been issuing new licenses for direct selling since the
 beginning of the 100-day action in early 2019. There is also uncertainty whether any changes to the regulations that apply to these industries will be made based on the review. If changes are made to any of the regulations that apply to our
 business model, products or operations, our business could be harmed.

Our ability to expand our business in Mainland China could be negatively impacted if we are unable to obtain additional necessary national and local government approvals in
 Mainland China.

To expand our direct selling model into additional provinces in Mainland China, we currently must obtain a series of approvals from district, city, provincial and national government agencies with respect to each
 province in which we wish to expand. Government authorities have not been issuing new licenses since the beginning of the 100-day action in early 2019. When the process for obtaining government approvals to conduct direct selling is operational, it
 often evolves and is lengthy, as we are required to work with a large number of provincial, city, district and national government authorities. The complexity of the approval process as well as the government s continued cautious approach as direct
 selling develops in Mainland China makes it difficult to predict the timeline for obtaining these approvals. Furthermore, any media or regulatory scrutiny of our business in Mainland China could increase the time and difficulty we may face in
 obtaining additional licenses. If media or regulatory scrutiny of our business in Mainland China results in significant delays in obtaining licenses elsewhere in Mainland China, or if the current processes for obtaining approvals are delayed
 further for any reason or are changed or interpreted differently than currently understood, our ability to receive direct selling licenses in Mainland China and our growth prospects in this market could be negatively impacted.

If we are not able to register products for sale in Mainland China, our business could be harmed.

We face lengthy timelines with respect to product registrations in Mainland China. The process for obtaining product permits and licenses may require extended periods of time that may prevent us from launching new
 product initiatives in Mainland China on the same timelines as other markets around the world. For example, a vast majority of products marketed in Mainland China as health foods are subject to extensive laboratory and clinical analysis by
 government authorities, and with a few exceptions, the product registration process in Mainland China takes a minimum of two years and may be substantially longer. We market both health foods and general foods in Mainland China. There is some
 risk associated with the common practice in Mainland China of marketing a product as a general food while seeking health food classification. If government officials feel the categorization of our products is inconsistent with product claims,
 form of delivery, ingredients or function, we could be prohibited or limited in marketing such products in Mainland China in their current form.

As we expand our direct selling channel, we face additional product marketing restrictions compared to our retail store channel. Under applicable direct selling regulations in Mainland China, we can only register
 products for direct selling if we manufacture them and if they fall within categories that are authorized for direct selling, such as cosmetics, cleaning supplies, health foods, healthcare devices, small kitchen utensils and household appliances.
 Products that are not registered for direct selling are prohibited from being marketed or sold through our direct sales channel. T he process for registering products for the direct sales channel in Mainland China is
 subject to delays; in fact, g overnment authorities have not been processing new registrations for direct selling since the beginning of the 100-day action in early 2019 . Any marketing or sale of
 non-direct selling products by our independent direct sellers could result in negative publicity, fines and other government sanctions being imposed against us, including if a product is initially classified as a direct selling product but is later
 re-classified.

25 

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Market Conditions and Competition 

Our markets are intensely competitive, and market conditions and the strengths of competitors may harm our business.

The markets for our products are intensely competitive. The success of our products is dependent on our ability to anticipate and respond to market trends and changes in consumer preferences and to maintain a product
 offering and pipeline that is relevant and priced accessibly to consumers. Our products compete directly with branded, premium retail products and with the products of other direct selling companies, and many of our competitors have much greater
 name recognition and financial resources than we have, which may give them a competitive advantage. Because of regulatory restrictions concerning claims about the efficacy of beauty and wellness products, we may have difficulty differentiating our
 products from our competitors products, and competing products entering the beauty and wellness market could harm our revenue. In addition, our business may be negatively impacted if we fail to adequately adapt to trends in consumer behavior and
 technologies to meet consumers needs and demands and reach a wider audience.

We also compete with other direct selling companies and gig economy companies to attract and retain our sales force and consumers. Some of these competitors have longer operating
 histories and greater visibility, name recognition and financial resources than we do. Some of our competitors have also adopted and could continue to adopt some of our successful business strategies, including our global sales compensation plan. Consequently, to successfully compete in this industry, and attract and retain our sales force and consumers, we must ensure that our business opportunities and sales compensation plans are financially rewarding and innovative. Successfully marketing our sales compensation plan in a way that differentiates it from our competitors could become more difficult as the FTC
 increases its scrutiny of earnings claims and also of disclaimers regarding atypical earnings claims. Although we believe we have significant competitive advantages, we cannot assure that we will be able to continue to successfully compete in this
 industry.

Adverse publicity concerning our business, marketing plan, products or people could harm our business and reputation.

Growth in our sales force and consumers and our results of operations can be particularly impacted by adverse publicity. Given the nature of our operations, lack of clarity on applicable legal requirements and
 standards, and our continuous need to recruit and retain consumers and members of our sales force, we are particularly vulnerable to adverse publicity. Specifically, we are susceptible to adverse publicity concerning:

suspicions about the legality and ethics of network marketing;

media or regulatory scrutiny regarding our business and our business models, including in Mainland China;

the safety or effectiveness of our or our competitors products or the ingredients in such products;

inquiries, investigations, fines, legal actions, or mandatory or voluntary product recalls involving us, our competitors, our business models or our respective products;

the actions of our current or former sales force and employees, including any allegations that our sales force or employees have overstated or made false product claims or earnings representations, or engaged in
 unethical or illegal activity;

misperceptions about the types and magnitude of economic benefits offered at different levels of sales engagement in our business; and

public, governmental or media perceptions of the direct selling, beauty product, or wellness product industries generally.

These issues have previously resulted in negative publicity and have harmed our business.

Critics of our industry, consumer protection groups, short sellers and other individuals have in the past and may in the future utilize the internet, the press and other means to publish criticisms of the industry,
 our company and our competitors, or make allegations regarding our business and operations, or the business and operations of our competitors. In some cases, such adverse publicity or allegations can lead to government and regulatory scrutiny. We
 continue to see adverse publicity regarding our company and the direct selling and healthcare products industries. We or others in our industry may receive similar negative publicity or allegations in the future, and it may harm our business and
 reputation. Furthermore, the availability of social media channels can increase the likelihood of negative publicity because these channels are an easily accessible public forum. For example, if a member of our sales force makes an improper claim
 about our products or business opportunity on social media, or if a critic of our company posts negative information about our company on social media, it is more likely to be disseminated widely and potentially noticed by the media or regulators.

Inability of products, platforms, business opportunities and other initiatives to gain or maintain sales force and market acceptance could harm our business.

Our ability to improve our financial performance depends on our ability to proactively anticipate, gauge and react in a timely and effective manner to changes in consumer spending
 patterns and preferences regarding products, platforms and business opportunities . Our operating results have been and could be adversely affected if our products, platforms, business opportunities and other initiatives do not generate
 sufficient enthusiasm and economic benefit to retain our existing consumers and sales force or to attract new consumers and sales force members. For example, during 2022, sales of our ageLOC LumiSpa iO 
 device were below our expectations. Potential factors affecting the attractiveness of our products, platforms, business opportunities and other initiatives include, among other things, shifting consumer demands, perceived product quality and value,
 similarities to other products, product exclusivity or effectiveness, growth of the gig economy, disruption of retail commerce and e-commerce by social commerce, demographic trends, the strength of our brand and public image, growth of connected
 commerce, sustainability factors, DEI initiatives, economic success in our business opportunity, the quality and accuracy of the data we use in running our business, our technology infrastructure and capabilities, restrictions in social or digital
 media for sharing products and attracting consumers, adverse media attention and regulatory restrictions on claims. If we are unable to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and trends, our business, financial
 condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. Likewise, if we are unable to anticipate changes in the gig and sharing economies and adapt our business opportunity accordingly, our ability to capture growth trends in the
 social commerce marketplace could be materially adversely affected. 

26 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our ability to develop and introduce new products could be impacted by, among other things, government regulations, changing policies in social media and other communications platforms, the inability to
 attract and retain qualified staff, the termination of third-party research and collaborative arrangements, intellectual property of competitors that may limit our ability to offer innovative products or that challenge our own intellectual
 property, problems related to manufacturing or quality control, and difficulties in anticipating changes in consumer tastes and buying preferences. Our operating results could be adversely impacted if our products fail to gain or maintain sales
 force and market acceptance or if our successful new products undercut the sales of our other products.

To adapt our business to current macroeconomic trends, we are currently working through a significant digital transformation in our business to achieve widespread adoption of social commerce in all of our markets.
 This transformation involves the development of new and enhanced digital tools for our Sales Leaders and consumers, including new digital apps and an improved website design and functionality, as well as new products, including connected devices.
 Our digital transformation will require significant expenditures over the next several years. We face the risk that we will ultimately be unable to develop these items, that their development will be more costly than anticipated, or that the
 applications and platforms we have and will develop will not meet the expectations of our sales force and/or consumers. Any of these eventualities could have a material negative impact on our business, sales force, consumer development and revenue.

In addition, in our more mature markets, one of the challenges we face is keeping Sales Leaders with established businesses and high-income levels motivated and actively engaged in business building activities and in
 developing new Sales Leaders. We may also face challenges retaining our sales force as the population of our markets transitions to a younger, millennial/Gen Z demographic, with its associated new and different dynamics of connection through social
 media platforms, gratification and loyalty behaviors, particularly as this segment becomes a greater share of our revenue. Moreover, if sales through social sharing do not generate repeat purchases or subscriptions at the same rate as other sales,
 this could create revenue volatility. Many in the younger demographic are particularly savvy with social sharing across multiple business opportunity platforms. There can be no assurance that our initiatives will generate lasting excitement and
 engagement among our sales force in the long term or that planned initiatives will be successful in maintaining sales force activity and productivity or in motivating Sales
 Leaders to remain engaged in business building and developing new Sales Leaders. Some initiatives may have unanticipated negative impacts on our sales force , particularly changes to our sales compensation plans, incentive rewards, and recognition practices. The introduction of a new product or key initiative can also negatively impact other product lines to the extent our Sales Leaders focus their efforts on
 the new product or initiative. In addition, if any of our products fails to deliver on consumer or sales force expectations, we could see an increase in product returns.

Product diversion may have a negative impact on our business.

We see our products being sold through online marketplace sites and other distribution channels in certain markets. Although we continually take steps to control product diversion, this activity continues to be a
 challenge, and we believe that changes to our global sales compensation plan or increased use of online channels for conducting sales transactions have and may continue to lead to increased product diversion. Product diversion causes confusion
 regarding our distribution channels and negatively impacts the ability of our sales force to sell our products. It also creates a negative impression regarding the viability of the business opportunity for our
 sales force , which can harm our ability to recruit new people to join our sales force . Product diversion may also cause brand erosion and negatively impact the brand value
 perception. Product diversion schemes may also involve illegal importation, investment or other activities and harm our brand if gray market or counterfeit goods are passed off as our own. If we are unable to effectively address this issue or if
 diversion increases, our business could be harmed.

Risks Associated with COVID-19 

Epidemics, including COVID-19, and other crises have and may continue to negatively impact our business.

Due to the person-to-person nature of direct selling, our results of operations have been, and will likely continue to be, harmed if the fear of a communicable and rapidly spreading disease or other crises such as
 natural disasters result in travel restrictions or cause people to avoid group meetings or gatherings or interaction with other people. It is difficult to predict the impact on our business, if any, of the emergence of new epidemics or other
 crises. The outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020 and ensuing pandemic resulted in significant contraction of economies around the world and interrupted global supply chains as many governments issued stay-at-home orders to combat COVID-19.
 Government-imposed restrictions and public hesitance regarding in-person gatherings, travel and visiting public places have reduced our sales force s ability to hold sales meetings, resulted in cancellations of key sales leader events and incentive
 trips, and required us to temporarily close our walk-in and fulfillment locations in some markets where we have such properties. The outbreak has also impacted our ability to obtain some ingredients and packaging as well as ship products in some
 markets. Our supply chain and logistics have incurred some interruptions and cost impacts, and we could experience more significant interruptions and cost impacts or face more significant closures in the future, whether due to COVID-19 directly,
 workforce (including the workforce of our supply chain) resistance to vaccination requirements, or other related factors. These factors and other events related to COVID-19 have negatively impacted our sales and operations and will likely continue
 to negatively affect our business and our financial results. Although some of the negative impacts of COVID-19 have recently improved, this situation continues to be fluid and there is uncertainty regarding its duration and future impacts. For
 example, COVID-19 variants have caused some of the pandemic s negative impacts to worsen or return, and COVID-related factors continue to impact our business in Mainland China. In addition, the productivity of our sales force has been, and could
 continue to be, negatively impacted as restrictions are lifted and our sales force is able to more freely travel and take vacations.

27 

Table of Contents 

In addition, regulatory authorities closely scrutinize the product- and earnings-related claims made by direct-selling companies and their sales force, including claims related to the COVID-19 pandemic. For example,
 during 2020 to 2022, the FTC issued letters that warned several direct-selling companies to remove and address claims that they or members of their sales force were making about their products ability to treat or prevent COVID-19 and/or about the
 earnings that people who have lost income could make. Although we take steps to educate our sales force on proper claims, if members of our sales force make improper claims, or if regulators determine we are making any improper claims, it could
 lead to an FTC investigation and could harm our business and reputation.

International Risks 

Our ability to conduct business in international markets may be affected by political, legal, tax and regulatory risks.

Our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets and to maintain the current level of operations in our existing international markets is exposed to risks associated with our international operations,
 including:

the possibility that a government might ban or severely restrict our sales compensation and business models; 

the possibility that local civil unrest, political instability, or changes in diplomatic or trade relationships might disrupt our supply chain or other operations in one or more markets for example, the ongoing
 conflict in Russia and Ukraine has caused distraction to our sales force;

the lack of well-established or reliable legal systems in certain areas where we operate;

the presence of high inflation in the economies of international markets in which we operate;

the possibility that a government authority might impose legal, tax, customs, or other financial burdens on us or our sales force, due, for example, to the structure of our operations in various markets;

the possibility that a government authority might challenge the status of our sales force as independent contractors or impose employment or social taxes on our sales force; and

the possibility that governments may impose currency remittance restrictions limiting our ability to repatriate cash.

There has been an increasing level of tension in U.S.-China relations over the last several years. Given the significant size of our China business, our business could be harmed if relations continue to deteriorate
 or additional sanctions or restrictions are imposed by either government. In addition, there have been adverse public reaction and media attention to statements made by representatives of other businesses related to these issues that have adversely
 affected business. We could similarly face adverse public or media attention, and potentially increased regulatory scrutiny, as a result of increased trade or political tensions or any statements or actions by employees or our sales force that
 generate publicity with respect to these issues.

We are subject to financial risks as a result of our international operations, including exposure to foreign-currency fluctuations, currency controls and inflation in foreign
 markets, all of which could impact our financial position and results of operations.

In 2022, approximately 76 of our sales occurred in markets outside of the United States in each market s respective local currency. Foreign-currency fluctuations affect our
 financial position and results of operations. We purchase inventory primarily in the United States in U.S. dollars. In preparing our financial statements, we translate revenue and expenses in our markets outside the United States from their local
 currencies into U.S. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. If the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to local currencies, our reported revenue, gross profit and net income will likely be reduced. Foreign-currency fluctuations also cause
 losses and gains resulting from translation of foreign-currency-denominated balances on our balance sheet.

We also face the risk of currency controls. If foreign governments restrict transfers of cash out of their country and control exchange rates, we may be limited as to the timing and amount of cash we can repatriate
 and may not be able to repatriate cash at beneficial exchange rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We typically fund the cash requirements of our operations in the United
 States through intercompany dividends, intercompany loans and intercompany charges for products, use of intangible property, and corporate services. However, some markets impose government-approval or other requirements for the repatriation of
 dividends. For example, in Mainland China, we are unable to repatriate cash from current operations in the form of dividends until we file the necessary statutory financial statements for the relevant period. We also have experienced delays in
 repatriating cash from Argentina. As of December 31, 2022, we had 33.4 million in cash denominated in Chinese RMB, and our intercompany receivable with our Argentina subsidiary was 14.9 million.

In addition, high levels of inflation and currency devaluations in any of our markets could negatively impact our balance sheet and results of operations. Gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of non-U.S.
 dollar monetary assets and liabilities of our subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in our net earnings. For example, during 2018, Argentina was designated as a highly inflationary economy under U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles; accordingly, beginning with the third quarter of 2018, we began to apply highly inflationary accounting for our Argentina operations, which has resulted in additional foreign-currency charges. Other markets may be
 designated as highly inflationary economies in the future, which could result in further foreign-currency charges.

Although we may engage in transactions intended to reduce our exposure to foreign-currency fluctuations, there can be no assurance that these transactions will be effective. Complex global political and economic
 dynamics can affect exchange rate fluctuations. For example, the implementation of tariffs, border taxes or other measures related to the level of trade between the United States and other markets could impact the value of the U.S. dollar. It is
 difficult to predict future fluctuations and the effect these fluctuations may have upon future reported results or our overall financial condition.

28 

Table of Contents 

Potential changes to tariff and import/export regulations, and ongoing trade disputes between the United States and other jurisdictions may have a negative effect on global
 economic conditions and our business, financial results and financial condition.

The United States and other foreign jurisdictions may change customs regulations or tariff rates that are applied to our imports or exports at any time. Tariff changes are difficult to predict and may cause us
 material short-term or long-term cost fluctuations. We rely on the use of Free Trade Agreements, where available, that may experience alterations, suspensions or cancellations, which could increase our customs expense or otherwise harm our
 business. In addition to tariffs, any actions taken by the United States or by foreign countries to further implement trade policy changes, including limiting foreign investment or trade, increasing regulatory scrutiny, or other actions that impact
 our ability to obtain necessary licenses or approvals could negatively impact our business. These actions are unpredictable, and any of them could also have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global
 financial markets, significantly reduce global trade, restrict our access to suppliers or customers, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Human Capital Risks 

If we are unable to retain our existing sales force and recruit additional people to join our sales force, our revenue may not increase and may even decline.

Our products are primarily marketed by our sales force, and we depend on them to generate virtually all of our revenue. Our sales force may terminate their services at any time, and like most direct selling companies, we experience high turnover
 among our sales force from year to year. People who join our company to purchase our products for personal consumption or for short-term income goals frequently only stay with us for a short time or are less consistent in their participation. Sales
 Leaders who have committed time and effort to build a sales organization will generally stay for longer periods. To increase our revenue, we must increase the number of and/or the productivity of our sales force. We must also expand our outreach
 and outbound efforts to attract, connect and nurture new customers for a wider consumer base who purchase products and whom we can foster along a consumer journey to promote retention and higher lifetime value.

We have experienced periodic fluctuations in Sales Leaders, Paid Affiliates and Customers in the past and could experience such fluctuations again in the future. For example, our Sales Leaders in Mainland China declined 46 from December 31,
 2018 to December 31, 2019 due to such factors as meeting restrictions and negative media scrutiny, and also declined 32 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 due to pressures from COVID-related factors. If our business, products and
 initiatives do not drive growth and/our productivity in Sales Leaders, Paid Affiliates and Customers, our operating results could be further harmed.

The number and productivity of our sales force is negatively impacted by several additional factors, including:

any adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding us, our products or ingredients, our distribution channel, or our industry or competitors;

lack of interest in, dissatisfaction with, or the technical failure of, our products or digital tools;

lack of compelling products or income opportunities, including through our sales compensation plans and incentive trips and other offerings; 

negative sales force reaction to changes in our sales compensation plans or to our failure to make changes that would be necessary to keep our compensation competitive with the market;

interactions with our company, including our actions to enforce our policies and procedures and the quality of our customer service;

any regulatory actions or charges against us or others in our industry, as well as regulatory changes that impact product formulations and sales viability;

general economic, business, public health and geopolitical conditions, including employment levels, employment trends such as the gig and sharing economies, pandemics or other conditions that curtail
 person-to-person interactions, and the ongoing conflict in Russia and Ukraine which has caused distraction to our sales force;

changes in the policies of social media platforms used to prospect or recruit potential consumers and sales force participants;

recruiting efforts of our competitors and changes in consumer-loyalty trends;

potential saturation or maturity levels in a given market, which could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain our sales force in such market ; 

growing gig economy competition which may draw away potential product sellers, affiliates, and influencers; 

our sales force s increased use of social sharing channels, which may enable them to more easily engage their consumers and sales network in other opportunities;

lack of sufficient tools to create customer interest in our products and to manage and build a personalized business; and

our and our sales force s ability to implement social commerce and other selling platforms that appeal to consumers.

29 

Table of Contents 

We depend on our key personnel and Sales Leaders, and the loss of the services provided by any of our executive officers, other key employees or key Sales Leaders could harm our
 business and results of operations.

Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our senior and regional management, many of whom would be difficult to replace. Our senior and regional management employees may
 voluntarily terminate their employment with us at any time, and it is not uncommon for employees of direct-selling companies, including employees of our company, to terminate their employment and begin working for another direct-selling company. In
 addition, we need to continue to attract and develop qualified management personnel to sustain growth in our markets. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel has been an increased challenge during the current competitive employment
 environment. If we are not able to successfully retain existing personnel and identify, hire and integrate new personnel, our business and growth prospects could be harmed.

The success of our business also depends on our key Sales Leaders. For the three months ended December 31, 2022, we had approximately 48,737 Sales Leaders. As of December 31, 2022,
 approximately 356 Sales Leaders occupied the highest levels under our global sales compensation plan, and in Mainland China approximately 103 key Sales Leaders were playing a significant role in managing, training and servicing our sales force in
 that market and driving sales . We rely on these Sales Leaders (or other sales force members that they train, collaborate with, support and service) for a substantial majority of our revenue. As a result, the loss of a high-level or key
 Sales Leader or a group of leading Sales Leaders, whether by their own choice or through disciplinary actions by us for violations of our policies and procedures, could negatively impact our growth and our revenue.

Risks Associated with Our Manufacturing and Operations 

Production difficulties, quality control problems, inaccurate forecasting, shortages in ingredients, and reliance on our suppliers could harm our business.

Production difficulties, quality control problems, inaccurate forecasting and our reliance on third-party suppliers to manufacture and deliver products that meet our specifications in a timely manner could harm our
 business. Occasionally, we have experienced production difficulties with respect to our products, including the availability of labor, raw materials, components, packaging and products that do not meet our specifications and quality control
 standards. These production difficulties and quality problems have in the past, and could in the future, result in stock outages or shortages in our markets with respect to such products, harm our sales, or create inventory write-downs for unusable
 products.

In addition, we and manufacturers in our supply chain acquire ingredients, components, products and packaging from third-party suppliers and manufacturers. A loss of any of these suppliers and any difficulties in
 finding or transitioning to alternative suppliers could harm our business. In addition, we obtain our ageLOC Galvanic Facial Spa , ageLOC Body Spa , and Nu Skin Facial Spa devices and some other products and ingredients from sole suppliers that own or control the product formulations,
 ingredients or other intellectual property rights associated with such products. We also license the right to distribute some of our products from third parties. In the event we are unable to maintain or renew our contracts with any of these
 suppliers, manufacturers or other third parties, we may need to discontinue some products or develop substitute products, which could harm our revenue. In addition, if we experience supply shortages, price increases or regulatory impediments with
 respect to the raw materials, ingredients, components or packaging we use for our products, we may need to seek alternative supplies or suppliers and may experience difficulties in finding replacements that are comparable in quality and price. For
 example, some of our products, including ageLOC Meta and ageLOC Youth Youthspan or Y-Span 
 in some markets), incorporate unique natural ingredients that are only harvested once per year and/or may have limited global supplies. If demand exceeds forecasts, we may have difficulties in obtaining additional supplies to meet the excess demand
 until the next growing season. If we are unable to successfully respond to such issues, our business could be harmed.

The loss of or a disruption in our manufacturing, supply chain and distribution operations, or significant expenses or violations incurred by such operations, could adversely
 affect our business.

As a company engaged in manufacturing, distribution, and research and development on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, climate or environmental
 events, fires, floods, earthquakes, labor shortages, strikes and other labor or industrial disputes, disruptions in logistics or information systems, loss or impairment of key manufacturing or distribution sites, import and export restrictions or
 delays, product quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory or government issues, as well as natural disasters, pandemics, border disputes, global uncertainties, acts of terrorism and other external or macroeconomic factors
 over which we have no control. For example, the long-term impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions, drought, or rising sea levels) or transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes)
 may be widespread and unpredictable. Certain impacts of physical risk may include temperature changes that increase the heating and cooling costs at our facilities; extreme weather patterns that affect the production or sourcing of certain
 components; flooding and storms that damage or destroy our buildings and inventory; and heat and extreme weather events that cause long-term disruption or threats to the habitability of our customers communities. These risks may be heightened if
 we consolidate certain of our manufacturing, distribution or supply facilities or if we are unable to successfully enhance our disaster recovery planning. These risks also increase as we pursue our current strategy of acquiring manufacturing
 companies and thereby conducting more of our manufacturing in-house. The loss of, or disruption or damage to, any of our facilities or centers or those of our third-party manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 reputation, results of operations and financial condition.

30 

Table of Contents 

We have experienced, and may continue to experience, disruptions to the transportation channels used in our supply chain and distribution operations, including increased airport and shipping port congestion, a lack
 of transportation capacity, increased fuel expenses, import or export controls or delays, and labor disputes or shortages. Disruptions in our container shipments may result in increased costs, including the additional use of air freight to meet
 demand. Congestion to ports can affect previously negotiated contracts with shipping companies, resulting in unexpected increases in shipping costs and reduction in our profitability. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has continued to result in
 several disruptions and delays, as well as quantity limits and price increases, in our global transportation channels.

In addition, our manufacturing facilities are subject to numerous regulations, including labor regulations and environmental regulations that govern the storage, discharge, handling, emission, generation,
 manufacture, use and disposal of chemicals and other materials. We will also likely become subject to new regulations in these areas, which could require substantial expenditures. Violations of existing or new requirements could result in financial
 penalties and other enforcement actions and could require us to halt one or more portions of our operations until a violation is cured. The costs of curing incidents of non-compliance, resolving enforcement actions or private-party actions that
 might be initiated against us, or of satisfying new legal requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to execute our product launch process or ongoing product sales due to difficulty in forecasting or increased pressure on our
 supply chain, information systems and management.

Prior to making a product generally available for purchase in a market, we often do one or more introductory offerings of the product, such as a preview of the product to our Sales Leaders or other product
 introduction or promotion. These offerings sometimes generate significant activity and a high level of purchasing, which can result in a higher-than-normal increase in revenue during the quarter and skew year-over-year and sequential comparisons.
 These offerings may also increase our product return rate. We have, and may in the future, experienced difficulty effectively managing growth associated with these offerings and may face increased risk of improper sales force activities and related government scrutiny. 

In addition, the size and condensed schedule of these product offerings increase pressure on our supply chain and order processing systems. We have, and may in the future, failed to appropriately
 scale our system capacity and operations in response to unanticipated changes in demand for our existing products or to the demand for new products, which reduces our sales force s confidence in our business and could harm our reputation and
 profitability.

As our sales force increases its use of social platforms to interact with customers, our business results could be adversely affected if our implementation of new platforms and processes to support
 our sales force is delayed. In addition, we are dependent on third parties for testing and delivery of portions of these and other of our information system platforms. Unanticipated changes or system failures by third parties could harm our ability
 to meet the expectations of our sales force, thus resulting in harm to our revenue, reputation and sales force confidence in our systems.

If we do not accurately forecast sales levels in each market for product launches or ongoing product sales, obtain sufficient ingredients, components or packaging, or produce a sufficient supply to
 meet demand, we may incur higher expedited shipping costs and we may temporarily run out of stock of certain products, which could negatively impact the enthusiasm of our sales force and consumers. Conversely, if demand does not meet our
 expectations for a product launch or ongoing product sales or if we change our planned launch strategies or initiatives, we could incur inventory write-downs. Each of these issues has impacted us in the past, and they could again occur with our
 ongoing product launches. If we fail to effectively forecast product demand in the product launch process or for ongoing product sales, our reputation and profitability could be negatively impacted.

If we are unable to effectively manage our growth in certain markets, our operations could be harmed.

At times, we can experience significant growth in one or more of our markets. For example, during 2020 we experienced significant growth in some of the markets in our Americas and EMEA segments.
 Growth can strain our ability to effectively manage our operations, as it requires us to expand our management team, labor force, technology bandwidth and capabilities, and manufacturing operations. Insufficient management execution to support
 growth could result in, among other things, product delays or shortages, decreases in product quality, service level challenges, operating mistakes and errors, inadequate customer service, inappropriate claims or promotions by our sales force,
 and governmental inquires and investigations, all of which could harm our revenue and ability to generate sustained growth and result in unanticipated expenses. In addition, we need to continue to attract and develop qualified management
 personnel to sustain growth. If we are not able to successfully retain existing personnel and identify, hire and integrate new personnel, our business and growth prospects could be harmed.

31 

Table of Contents 

System failures, capacity constraints and other information technology difficulties could harm our business.

With global operations and a complex sales compensation plan, our business is highly dependent on efficiently functioning information technology systems, including websites, mobile applications, third-party cloud
 providers, data centers, databases, networks and other systems. We rely on these systems for accepting and processing sales orders, operating our sales force and customer support operations, tracking and compensating our sales force, conducting our
 corporate and regional operations, preparing our financial statements, and other aspects of our business. Accordingly, the performance, reliability and availability of our systems are critical to our business, reputation, financial reporting, and
 ability to attract and retain our sales force and customers.

Our or our third-party providers systems may be damaged or disrupted by fires, floods, earthquakes or other natural disasters, human error, telecommunications failures, power loss, physical or electronic break-ins,
 computer viruses, cyber attacks, changes in our information technology systems or organization, and other events. We have, and may in the future, experienced system failures and outages. We cannot guarantee that the preventive measures we take,
 including redundancies, security protocols, network protection mechanisms and other procedures, will be adequate to prevent or remedy system failure or interruption, data loss, security breaches or other data security incidents. Furthermore, any
 mitigation process could take several days or more, thus resulting in a loss of revenue, loss of confidence of our sales force and harm to our reputation.

In addition, we make significant expenditures on our information technology infrastructure and other technology initiatives, and these items could become obsolete or impaired, which has and may in the future cause us
 to incur significant expenses to address. For example, in 2018, following an evaluation of our information technology infrastructure and organization and our social sharing and digital initiatives, we determined to alter our strategic direction
 with respect to some of our systems and tools, resulting in impairment charges of approximately 49 million. We also incurred approximately 22 million in severance payments and other expenses related to the reorganization of our Information
 Technology Department and other corporate and regional offices. Additional cash outlay and new personnel were also necessary for execution of new plans and strategy. In this strategic shift in direction, we continue to identify and re-architect
 additional legacy systems to help mitigate the risk and exposure these systems introduce to our business. We also continue to allocate resources to new technology and digital initiatives. There can be no assurance that we will be able to build and
 roll-out our new technology and digital tools on a global scale or that they will function as intended, and these initiatives may entail significant expenses and could cause disruptions in our business.

Our systems could also be strained by growth in our business. Although we work to expand and enhance our e-commerce features, network infrastructure and other technologies to accommodate increases in the volume of
 traffic to our ecommerce channels, we may be unsuccessful in these efforts. Our failure, or our third-party providers failure, to achieve or maintain system capacity could significantly reduce our ability to fulfill orders and could harm our
 business, reputation, revenue and financial condition.

Any acquired companies or future acquisitions may expose us to additional risks.

We have acquired certain businesses, and we plan to continue to do so in the future as we encounter acquisition prospects that would complement our current product offerings, increase the size and geographic scope of
 our operations or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities. At any particular time, we may be in various stages of assessment, discussion and/or negotiation with regard to one or more potential acquisitions or investments, not
 all of which will be consummated. Acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties and may be of businesses in which we lack operational or market experience. The financing for any of these acquisitions could dilute the interests of our
 stockholders, result in an increase in our indebtedness or both. Our past acquisitions have, and future acquisitions could, entailed numerous risks, including:

difficulties in integrating acquired operations or products;

the difficulties of imposing financial and operating controls on the acquired companies and their management and the potential costs of doing so;

the potential loss of key employees, customers, suppliers or distributors from acquired businesses and disruption to our direct selling channel;

diversion of management s attention from our core business;

the failure to achieve the strategic objectives of these acquisitions;

increased fixed costs;

the failure of the acquired businesses to achieve the results we have projected in either the near or long term;

the assumption of unexpected liabilities, including litigation risks;

adverse effects on existing business relationships with our suppliers, sales force or consumers; and

risks associated with entering markets or industries in which we have limited or no prior experience, including limited expertise in running the business, developing the technology, and selling and servicing the
 products.

Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business, or a failure to adjust our fixed costs quickly enough or sufficiently to adapt to rapidly changing market conditions, could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, consummate acquisitions on favorable terms or realize the
 anticipated benefits of an acquisition. It is also possible that our acquired companies could sell products or utilize a business model similar to that of our Nu Skin business, which could be viewed negatively by our sales force and result in a
 reduction in our revenue.

32 

Table of Contents 

Product Legal and Regulatory Risks 

Regulations governing our products, including the formulation, registration, pre-approval, marketing and sale of our products, could harm our business.

Our products are subject to extensive government regulation by numerous federal, state and local government agencies and authorities. Many of these laws and regulations involve a high level of subjectivity, are
 subject to interpretation, and vary significantly from market to market. These laws and regulations can, and often do, have several impacts on our business, including but not limited to:

delays, or altogether prohibitions, in introducing or selling a product or ingredient in one or more markets;

d elays and expenses associated with the registration and approval process for a product;

limitations on our ability to import products into a market;

delays and expenses associated with compliance, such as record keeping, documentation of the properties of certain products, labeling, and scientific substantiation;

limitations on the claims we can make regarding our products; and

product reformulations, or the recall or discontinuation of certain products that cannot be reformulated to comply with new regulations.

We have observed a general increase in regulatory activity and activism in the United States and across many markets globally where we operate, and the regulatory landscape is becoming more complex with increasingly
 strict requirements. In particular, the requirements are impacting the ingredients we can include in our products, the accepted quantities of those ingredients, and the quality and characterization of the ingredients. Global regulators have in
 recent years become overall more restrictive on the accepted levels of active ingredients that we can use in our product, in some cases banning them outright. They have also become more restrictive on permitted contaminant levels in ingredients
 and, in many cases, have forced complete removal of such contaminants. In certain cases, such as regarding some pesticides which are virtually ubiquitous in nature, it has proven difficult to comply with the requirements. Further, many of the
 restrictions regarding ingredient quality are not directly applicable to our products, leaving the possibility that our interpretation of compliance may not match that of the enforcing authorities. Often there is a lack of an equivalent active
 ingredient present in the marketplace. In other cases, the removal or reduction of a technical ingredient, such as various types of parabens, leads to a significant change to the character of the product that may make it no longer desirable or safe
 to the consumer. If this trend in new regulations continues, we may find it necessary to alter some of the ways we have traditionally marketed our products in order to stay in compliance with a changing regulatory landscape and this could add to
 the costs of our operations and/or have an adverse impact on our business.

Many laws and regulations govern the registration, pre-market approval or other aspects of regulatory oversight of our products. For example, in the United States, some legislators and industry critics have pushed
 for years to increase regulatory authority by the FDA over nutritional supplements. In 2011, the FDA proposed draft guidance to clarify the FDA s interpretation of the dietary ingredient notification requirements, and in 2016, the FDA issued a
 revised draft guidance that superseded the 2011 version. This draft guidance is not yet final but appears to indicate that the FDA is expanding its definition of what is considered a new dietary ingredient in the United States. The industry has
 worked with the FDA for several years, providing comments to the FDA to modify this guidance. While still in flux, if enacted in final form as proposed, this guidance could impose new and significant regulatory barriers for our nutritional
 supplement products or unique ingredients, which could delay or inhibit our ability to formulate, introduce and sell nutritional supplements as we have in the past. Similarly, f rom time to time, efforts are made by
 some individuals or groups to repeal the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 DSHEA ), the U.S. law that provides a separate body of regulations for dietary supplements as compared to drugs. Such a repeal would result in
 significant burdens to our product development, and the costs of running our business would increase significantly. We face similar pressures in our other markets, which continue to set restrictions on ingredients and their acceptable
 maximum levels, as well as on ingredient characterization, quality and levels. In Europe, for example, we are unable to market supplements that contain ingredients that were not marketed in Europe prior to May 1997 novel foods without going
 through an extensive registration and pre-market approval process.

The FDA currently does not have a pre-market approval system for cosmetics. However, cosmetic products may become subject to more extensive regulation in the future. These events could interrupt the marketing and
 sale of our products, severely damage our brand reputation and image in the marketplace, increase the cost of our products, cause us to fail to meet customer expectations or cause us to be unable to deliver merchandise in sufficient quantities or
 of sufficient quality to our stores, any of which could result in lost sales.

Our operations could be harmed if new laws or regulations are enacted that restrict our ability to market or distribute our products or impose additional burdens or requirements on us in order to continue selling our
 products. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations and enforcement of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may impair the marketability of our
 products, resulting in significant loss of net sales. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations, or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative orders,
 when and if promulgated, would have on our business. If new or existing laws and regulations restrict, inhibit or delay our ability to introduce or market our products or limit the claims we are able to make regarding our products, this could have
 a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations governing our products, we could face enforcement action, and we could be fined or forced to alter or stop
 selling our products.

33 

Table of Contents 

Government regulations and private party actions relating to the marketing and advertising of our products and services may restrict, inhibit or delay our ability to sell our
 products and harm our business.

Government authorities regulate advertising and product claims regarding the efficacy and benefits of our products. These regulatory authorities typically require adequate and reliable scientific substantiation to
 support any marketing claims. What constitutes such reliable scientific substantiation can vary widely from market to market and there is no assurance that the research and development efforts that we undertake to support our claims will be deemed
 adequate for any particular product or claim. If we are unable to show adequate and reliable scientific substantiation for our product claims, or if our marketing materials or the marketing materials of our sales
 force make claims that exceed the scope of allowed claims for dietary supplements, cosmetics or devices that we offer, the FDA or other regulatory authorities could take enforcement action requiring us to revise our marketing materials,
 amend our claims or stop selling certain products, which could harm our business.

For example, in recent years, the FDA has issued warning letters to many cosmetic companies alleging improper structure/function claims regarding their cosmetic products, including, for example, product claims
 regarding gene activity, cellular rejuvenation, and rebuilding collagen. There is a degree of subjectivity in determining whether a claim is an improper structure/function claim. Given this subjectivity and our research and development focus on the
 sources of aging and the influence of certain ingredients on gene expression, there is a risk that we could receive a warning letter, be required to modify our product claims or take other actions to satisfy the FDA if the FDA determines any of our
 marketing materials include improper structure/function claims for our cosmetic products. In addition, plaintiffs lawyers have filed class action lawsuits against some of our competitors after our competitors received these FDA warning letters.
 There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to government actions or class action lawsuits, which could harm our business.

In the United States, the FTC s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising Guides require disclosure of material connections between an endorser and the company they are endorsing,
 and they generally do not allow marketing using atypical results. Our sales force has historically used testimonials and before and after photos to market and sell some of our popular products such as our spa devices and ageLOC Transformation anti-aging skin care system. We intend to continue to use testimonials for our popular products, including weight management products and beauty products. In highly regulated and scrutinized product categories such as weight
 management, i f we or our sales force fails to comply with the Guides or makes improper product claims, the FTC could bring an enforcement action against us and we could be fined and/or forced to alter
 our marketing materials.

Our operations could be harmed if we fail to comply with Good Manufacturing Practices.

Across our markets, there are regulations on a diverse range of Good Manufacturing Practices that apply to us and to our vendors covering product categories such as dietary supplements, cosmetics, foods,
 over-the-counter drugs and medical devices. The Good Manufacturing Practices impose stringent requirements on a variety of topics, including vendor qualifications, ingredient identification, manufacturing controls and record keeping. Ingredient
 identification requirements, which often require us to confirm the levels, identity and potency of ingredients listed on our product labels within a narrow range, are particularly burdensome and difficult for us because our products contain many
 different ingredients. Additionally, certain Good Manufacturing Practices obligate us to track and periodically report adverse events to government agencies. Compliance with these increasing regulations may further increase the cost of
 manufacturing certain of our products as we work with our vendors to assure they are qualified and in compliance. In addition, our operations could be harmed if regulatory authorities determine that we or our vendors are not in compliance with
 these regulations or if public reporting of adverse events harms our reputation for quality and safety. A finding of noncompliance may result in administrative warnings, penalties or actions impacting our ability to continue selling certain
 products, including public withdrawals, seizures and recalls. For example, we have had product recalls in the United States based on labeling issues. Problems associated with product recalls could be exacerbated due
 to the global nature of our business because a recall in one jurisdiction could lead to recalls in other jurisdictions. In addition, these risks associated with noncompliance could increase as we acquire businesses, including the businesses that
 we have already acquired in our Rhyz strategic investment arm and any businesses we may acquire in the future. 

If our current or any future device products are determined to be medical devices in a particular geographic market, or if our sales force uses these products for medical purposes
 or makes improper medical claims, our ability to continue to market and distribute such devices could be harmed, and we could face legal or regulatory actions.

One of our strategies is to market unique and innovative products that allow our sales force to distinguish our products. As we pursue this strategy with our current and future device products, there
 is a risk that regulatory authorities in our markets could determine that these products must receive clearance or be registered as medical devices. Such a determination could restrict our ability to import or sell the product in such market until
 registration or clearance is obtained. The process for obtaining such registrations and clearances could require us to provide documentation concerning product manufacturing and clinical utility; to make design, specification and manufacturing
 process modifications to meet standards imposed on medical device companies; and to modify our marketing claims regarding the registered product.

34 

Table of Contents 

While we have not been required to register our device products as medical devices in most markets, we have registered some of them in some markets, including ageLOC
 Boost in Thailand and our ageLOC Galvanic Facial Spa and ageLOC Body Spa systems in Indonesia, Thailand, Peru and Colombia. We also sought and received
 clearance from the United States Food and Drug Administration to market our Nu Skin Facial Spa for over-the-counter use. We are currently pursuing medical device registration of our new connected body device, which we plan to begin launching during
 2023, in the United States and Thailand. The registration process could delay the launch of this product in these markets.

In some cases, challenges can arise even after we have completed the required registration/clearance process or determined that a product does not need registration/clearance. This could occur if a
 jurisdiction changes its laws or interpretations thereof, for example. In addition, if our sales force attempts to import or export products from one market to another in violation of our policy, makes medical claims regarding our products, or uses
 our products to perform medical diagnoses or other activities limited to licensed professionals or approved medical devices (in markets where the product is not approved), it could negatively impact our ability to market or sell these products and
 subject us to legal or regulatory actions.

Because medical device regulations vary widely from market to market, registration or clearance in one market does not preclude challenges or delays in obtaining registration or clearance in other
 markets, nor does it preclude other markets from requiring us to make additional modifications or provide additional documentation as conditions to granting clearance. Furthermore, in some cases, registration or clearance to sell a product in one
 market may be used as precedent for requiring similar approval for the product in another market, or for similar products in the same market. These additional requirements could increase the cost associated with manufacturing and selling these
 products as non-medical devices in such markets.

Any of the above factors could have a material negative impact on our ability to sell products and could negatively affect our financial results.

We may incur product liability claims that could harm our business.

We sell a variety of different products for human consumption and use, including cosmetics, dietary supplements, conventional foods, OTC drugs and devices. Our cosmetics and conventional foods, as well as some of our
 dietary supplements, are not generally subject to pre-market approval or registration processes so we cannot rely upon a government safety panel to qualify or approve our products for use, and some ingredients may not have long histories of human
 consumption or use. We rely upon published and unpublished safety information including clinical studies on ingredients used in our products and conduct our own clinical and safety studies on some key ingredients and products, but not all products.
 A product may be safe for the general population when consumed or used as directed but could cause an adverse reaction for some individuals, such as a person who has a health condition or allergies or who is taking a prescription medication. While
 we include what we believe are adequate instructions and warnings and we have historically had low numbers of reported reactions, previously unknown adverse reactions could occur. If we discover that our products are causing adverse reactions, or
 if we determine that any of our employees have not properly handled reports of adverse reactions, we could suffer further adverse publicity or government sanctions.

As a result of the type of products that we sell, we may be subject to various product liability claims, including that the products fail to meet quality or manufacturing specifications, contain contaminants, include
 inadequate instructions as to their proper use, include inadequate warnings concerning side effects and interactions with other substances or for persons with health conditions or allergies, or cause adverse reactions or side effects. Consumer
 protection laws and regulations governing our business continue to expand, and in some states such as California, class-action lawsuits based on increasingly novel theories of liability are expanding. Product liability claims could increase our
 costs, cause negative publicity, and adversely affect our business and financial results. As we continue to offer an increasing number of new products through large product offerings our product liability risk may increase.

If our sales force or employees provide improper advice regarding our products or our products use or safety, we may be subject to additional product liability.

We have generally elected to self-insure our product liability risks. We periodically evaluate whether we can and should obtain product liability insurance. Based upon our current approach to product liability risk
 management, if any of our products are found to cause any injury or damage or we become subject to product liability claims, we will be subject to the full amount of liability associated with any injuries or damages. This liability could be
 substantial and may exceed our existing reserves and harm our business.

35 

Table of Contents 

Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 

We may become involved in legal proceedings and other matters that could adversely affect our operations or financial results.

We have been, and regularly are, a party to litigation, government inquiries or investigations, audits or other legal matters. These legal proceedings may include, among other things, claims alleging violation of the
 federal securities laws or state corporate laws, or claims related to employment matters, intellectual property, fair-competition/anti-trust laws, our products, business opportunity or advertising, or other matters. Claims may be brought by a
 regulator, investor, member of our sales force, consumer, employee or other private parties and in some cases may be brought as class action lawsuits.

Our increased activity during the past several years with acquisitions, divestments and other investment-related activities introduces an additional area of litigation risk, and we have had litigation and threats of
 litigation related to these matters. Other parties in the transactions or potential transactions, or other parties involved in the businesses themselves, could bring claims against us. For example, from 2019 until January 2023, w e were in litigation with a dairy farmer who claimed he was a general partner in our former indoor-growing business and related businesses. He also sought damages exceeding 250 million. Although we ultimately reached a settlement
 agreement with him in January 2023, there can be no assurance that the resolution of future cases will be favorable to us. 

In general, litigation claims, regulatory actions or other legal matters are expensive and time consuming and can result in settlements, adverse rulings or damages that could significantly affect financial results
 and the conduct of our business. It is not possible to predict the final resolution of any legal proceeding to which we may become party, and the impact of these matters on our business, results of operations and financial condition could be
 material.

Non-compliance with anti-corruption laws could harm our business.

Our international operations are subject to various anti-corruption laws, including principally the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ). The FCPA and the anti-corruption laws of other jurisdictions where
 we operate generally prohibit companies and their agents or intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and they require companies to maintain accurate books and records and internal accounting
 controls. We dedicate time and resources to internal investigations of any allegation that we are not or may not be in compliance with anti-corruption laws. Such allegations, even if untrue, may result in a government investigation by a foreign or
 U.S. regulator, including the U.S. Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our corporate policies require all employees to comply with the FCPA and other applicable anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA s
 books-and-records and internal-accounting-controls requirements. Any regulatory determination, however, that our operations or activities are not in compliance with existing anti-corruption laws or regulations could result in the imposition of
 substantial fines and other penalties from U.S. or other regulatory entities.

In 2016, we reached a resolution with the SEC to pay 765,688 to settle the SEC s allegations that our books and records and internal controls related to a charitable contribution in Mainland China in 2013 were
 insufficient. In agreeing to this settlement, we neither admitted nor denied the SEC s findings. Although we have implemented additional anti-corruption policies, controls and training globally to prevent similar situations from arising in the
 future, we cannot be certain that these efforts will be effective or prevent future fines or penalties under the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws. Our competitors operating in Mainland China have also faced allegations from U.S. regulators and
 been fined accordingly in some circumstances. For example, in 2020, one of our competitors entered into a large settlement with U.S. regulators related to allegations that its employees violated the FCPA in Mainland China.

Additionally, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing or new laws might be administered
 or interpreted. Alleged or actual violations of any such existing or future laws (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others) may result in criminal or civil sanctions or reputational harm, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

A failure of our internal controls over financial reporting or our regulatory compliance efforts could harm our stock price and our financial and operating results or could result
 in fines or penalties.

We have implemented internal controls to help ensure the completeness and accuracy of our financial reporting and to detect and prevent fraudulent actions within our financial and accounting processes. We have also
 implemented compliance policies and programs to help ensure that our employees and sales force comply with applicable laws and regulations. Our internal audit team regularly audits our internal controls and
 various aspects of our business and compliance program, and we regularly assess the effectiveness of our internal controls. There can be no assurance, however, that our internal or external assessments and audits will identify all fraud,
 misstatements in our financial reporting, and significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls. Material weaknesses have in the past, and may in the future, resulted in a material misstatement of our financial results,
 requiring us to restate our financial statements.

36 

Table of Contents 

From time to time, we initiate further investigations into our business operations to further bolster our regulatory compliance efforts or based on the results of our internal and external audits or on complaints,
 questions or allegations made by employees or other parties regarding our business practices and operations. In addition, our business and operations may be investigated by applicable government authorities. In the event any of these investigations
 identify material violations of applicable laws by our employees, sales force or affiliates , we could be subject to adverse publicity, fines, penalties or loss of licenses or permits.

Risks Associated with Taxes, Customs and Debt 

We are subject to changes in tax and customs laws, changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities,
 which could have a material and adverse impact on our effective tax rate, operating results, cash flows and financial condition.

As a U.S. company doing business globally, we are subject to applicable tax and customs laws, including those relating to intercompany pricing regulations and transactions between our corporate entities in the
 jurisdictions in which we do business, as well as customs valuation and classification, income taxes, value-added taxes, withholding taxes, payroll taxes, and other applicable taxes. Tax and customs laws, regulations, administrative practices and
 interpretations in each jurisdiction are subject to change, with or without notice, due to economic, political or other conditions. For example, the United States recently enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which imposes a 1 excise tax on stock
 repurchases, subject to certain adjustments or exceptions that might not apply to some of our stock repurchases. Changes in the law or in authorities interpretation of the law can materially increase our tax or customs expense and our effective
 tax rate.

Due to the numerous jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries are organized and changes in laws and their interpretations, significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision for income taxes.
 Our future effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as intercompany transactions, changes in our business operations, acquisitions and dispositions, entry into new markets, the amount of our earnings and where earned, losses
 incurred, the inability to realize tax benefits, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, uncertain tax positions, allocation and apportionment of state taxes, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and
 changes in their valuation. In addition, U.S. and foreign governments may enact tax laws or enter into tax treaties that could result in further changes to global taxation and may materially affect our operating results and financial condition.

Government authorities may question our tax or customs positions or change their laws in a manner that could increase our effective tax rate or otherwise harm our business.

Despite our best efforts to be aware of and comply with tax and customs laws, including changes to and interpretations thereof, local authorities can and sometimes do question our tax and customs positions. We are
 regularly subject to tax and customs audits, investigations, inquiries or other tax controversies by tax and customs authorities around the world regarding income taxes, customs valuation and classification, transfer pricing, value-added taxes,
 withholding taxes, payroll taxes, and other applicable taxes. The ultimate resolution of these matters can take several years, and the outcome is uncertain and can include additional taxes/customs duties, the payment of back taxes/customs duties,
 interest and penalties. We reserve in our consolidated financial statements amounts that we believe are in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and we regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome in these matters to determine the adequacy of our
 accruals and adjust them as appropriate. However, developments in these matters could warrant an additional accrual and expense, and the ultimate outcome could be materially different from our accruals, which could materially impact our effective
 tax rate or our overall tax or customs expense.

A decline in our business could adversely affect our financial position and liquidity.

Any significant decline in our operating results could adversely affect our financial position and liquidity. Under the terms of our credit facility, we are required to maintain certain interest coverage and leverage
 ratios. In addition, our outstanding borrowings under our credit facility and related term loan impose debt service and amortization requirements. A significant deterioration in our results of operations, whether as a result of prevailing economic,
 financial and industry conditions, COVID-19, or other causes, could impact our ability to comply with our financial covenants and debt service and amortization obligations, which could result in an event of default under the terms of our credit
 facility. An event of default under our credit facility could result in an inability to access funding under the agreement and cause all outstanding amounts to become immediately due and payable, which would have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition and liquidity.

37 

Table of Contents 

Intellectual Property Risks 

We may be subject to claims of infringement on the intellectual property rights or trade secrets of others, resulting in costly litigation.

In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States involving patents and other intellectual property rights. In particular, there has been an increase in the filing of suits alleging
 infringement of intellectual property rights, which pressure defendants into entering into settlement arrangements quickly to dispose of such suits, regardless of their merit. Other companies or individuals may allege that we, or our sales force , consumers, licensees or other parties indemnified by us, infringe on their intellectual property rights. Even if we believe that such claims are without merit, defending such intellectual property
 litigation can be costly, distract management s attention and resources, and the outcome is inherently uncertain. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require us to redesign affected products, enter into costly settlement or
 license agreements, pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our products. Any of these results may adversely affect our financial condition.

We employ individuals who were previously employed at other beauty or wellness product companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. To the extent that our employees are involved in research areas
 that are similar to those in which they were involved with their former employers, we may be subject to claims that such employees have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of the
 former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against such claims.

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights or our proprietary information and know-how, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted and the value of our
 products could be adversely affected.

The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our product innovations and our brand equity. We rely upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United
 States and other markets, and non-disclosure, confidentiality and other types of agreements with our employees, sales force , customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish, maintain and enforce our
 intellectual property rights. Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or misappropriated, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to provide
 competitive advantages, which could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings or other competitive harm. In addition, the laws of certain foreign markets where we have significant business, including
 markets such as Mainland China, do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States.

The costs required to protect our patents and trademarks may be substantial or even not practical. We have filed patent and trademark applications globally to protect our intellectual property rights in our new
 technologies; however, there can be no assurance that our patent and trademark applications will be approved and issue, that any patents and trademarks issued will adequately protect our intellectual property, or that such patents and trademarks
 will not be challenged by third parties or found by a judicial authority to be invalid or unenforceable. Moreover, many of our products rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain or continue to
 obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties on reasonable terms or at all.

From time to time, we become aware of potential violations of our intellectual property rights. For example, we are aware of some products that may infringe on our intellectual property related to the ageLOC LumiSpa device. To enforce and protect our intellectual property rights, we may initiate litigation against third parties, such as patent, copyright and trademark infringement suits or interference
 proceedings, and seek indemnification by contract or otherwise. Any lawsuits that we initiate could be expensive, take significant time and divert management s attention from other business concerns, and we may ultimately fail to prevail or recover
 on any indemnification claim. Litigation also puts our patents and trademarks at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent and trademark applications at risk of not issuing. Additionally, we may provoke third parties to
 assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially valuable. The occurrence of any of these events may adversely affect our financial condition or
 diminish our investments in this area.

In addition to patented technology, we rely on our unpatented proprietary technology, trade secrets, processes and know-how. We generally seek to protect this information by confidentiality, non-disclosure and
 assignment of invention agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and third parties. Our employees may leave to work for competitors. Our sales force members may seek other opportunities. These agreements may be breached, and
 we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets may be disclosed to or otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. To the extent that our current or former employees, sales force,
 consultants or contractors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. If, for any of the above reasons, our intellectual property is disclosed
 or misappropriated, it would harm our ability to protect our rights and adversely affect our financial condition.

38 

Table of Contents 

Data Security and Privacy Risks 

Cyber security risks and the failure to maintain the integrity of company, employee, sales force or guest data could expose us to data loss, litigation, liability and harm to our
 reputation.

We collect, transmit and/or store large volumes of company, employee, sales force and guest data, including payment card information, personally identifiable information and other personal
 information, for business purposes, including for transactional and promotional purposes, and our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and report such data. The connected devices that we have developed or are
 developing also collect consumer data. The integrity and protection of this data is critical to our business.

We are subject to significant security and privacy regulations, as well as requirements imposed by the payment card industry. For example, during 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation went
 into effect in the European Union, imposing increased data protection regulations, the violation of which could result in fines of up to 4 of our annual consolidated revenue. Many other jurisdictions have similarly enacted security and privacy
 regulations, including California and Mainland China, and we believe this trend will continue. In the United States, congressional committees have held preliminary hearings about the advisability of a federal data privacy law, but it is uncertain
 whether the federal government will adopt such a law and whether it would preempt state data privacy laws. The prospect of new data privacy laws and ambiguity regarding the interpretation of existing laws has resulted in significant uncertainty
 and compliance costs. In addition to laws specifically governing privacy and data security, in some cases, federal and state regulators and state attorneys general and administrative agencies have interpreted more general consumer protection laws
 to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. Although we monitor regulatory developments in this area, any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with these requirements could subject us to
 significant penalties, lawsuits and negative publicity and require changes to our business practices. In particular, maintaining compliance with these and other evolving regulations and requirements around the world often requires changes to our
 information system architecture and data storage processes. Making these changes is, and will likely continue to be, difficult and expensive. Investigations by the regulators of data security laws could also result in the payment of fines and
 harm our reputation. Private actions by affected individuals could also result in significant monetary or reputational damage.

We also share certain data with our sales force. We could face fines, investigations, lawsuits or other legal action if our sales force violates, or is perceived to violate,
 applicable laws and regulations, and our reputation and brand could be negatively impacted.

Similarly, a failure to adhere to the payment card industry s data security standards could cause us to incur penalties from payment card associations, termination of our ability to accept credit or
 debit card payments, litigation and adverse publicity, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

In addition, a penetrated or compromised data system or the intentional, inadvertent or negligent release, misuse or disclosure of data could result in theft, loss, or fraudulent or unlawful use of
 company, employee, sales force or guest data. Although we take measures to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of our data systems, we experience cyber attacks of varying degrees and types on a regular basis. Our infrastructure may
 be vulnerable to these attacks, and in some cases it could take time to discover them. Our security measures may also be breached due to employee error or malfeasance, system errors or otherwise. This risk is heightened as a result of changes due
 to the COVID-19 pandemic as many of our employees are working remotely. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our data or our users or
 customers data. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in the unauthorized disclosure, misuse or loss of sensitive information and lead to significant legal and financial exposure, regulatory inquiries or investigations, loss of
 confidence by our sales force and customers, disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, and costs associated with remediating the incident. These risks are heightened as we work with third-party providers, including providers of mobile
 and cloud technologies, and as our sales force uses social media, as the providers and social media platforms could be vulnerable to the same types of breaches and other risks. Acquisition activity, which we have engaged in and which we may
 continue to engage in, may also heighten these risks, as the systems of the companies we acquire are not under our control prior to the acquisitions and it may take time to evaluate these systems and implement appropriate modifications to them.

Sustainability Risks 

Our business could be negatively impacted by corporate citizenship and sustainability matters.

There are increased and increasing expectations and focus from certain investors, Brand Affiliates, consumers, employees, regulators and other stakeholders concerning corporate citizenship and sustainability matters,
 including environmental, social and governance matters; packaging; responsible sourcing; and diversity, equity and inclusion matters. From time to time, we announce certain initiatives and goals in these areas. We could fail, or be perceived to
 fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals or in meeting stakeholders expectations, or we could fail in accurately reporting our progress on such initiatives, goals and expectations. Moreover, the standards by which corporate
 citizenship and sustainability efforts and related matters are measured are developing and evolving, and certain areas are subject to assumptions. The standards or assumptions could change over time. In addition, we could be criticized for the
 scope of our initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters, such as with our carbon footprint, recyclability of our packaging, ingredients used in our products or the sourcing of such ingredients. Any
 such matters, or related corporate citizenship and sustainability matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

39 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price of our Class A common stock is subject to significant fluctuations due to a number of factors that are beyond our control.

Our Class A common stock closed at 57.87 per share on January 29, 2021 and closed at 42.88 per share on January 31, 2023. During this two-year period, our common stock traded as low as 29.96 per share and as high
 as 63.85 per share. Many factors, including some we may be unable to control, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fall. Some of these factors include:

fluctuations in our operating results;

government investigations of our business;

trends or adverse publicity related to our business, products, industry or competitors;

the sale of shares of Class A common stock by significant stockholders;

demand, and general trends in the market, for our products;

acquisitions by us or our competitors;

economic or currency exchange issues in markets in which we operate;

changes in estimates of our operating performance or changes in recommendations by securities analysts;

speculative trading, including short selling and options trading; and

general economic, business, regulatory and political conditions.

Broad market fluctuations could also lower the market price of our Class A common stock regardless of our actual operating performance.

General Risk Factors 

Difficult economic conditions could harm our business.

Difficult economic conditions, such as high unemployment levels, inflation, or recession, have in the past, and could continue to, adversely affect our business by causing a decline in demand for our products,
 particularly if the economic conditions are prolonged or worsen. In addition, economic conditions may adversely impact access to capital for us and our suppliers, may decrease the ability of our sales force and consumers to obtain or maintain
 credit cards, and may otherwise adversely impact our operations and overall financial condition. For example, we believe inflation had a negative impact on our 2022 sales by curbing the discretionary spending of our consumers. Inflation also has
 increased the cost of our inventory and shipping expenses. Higher interest rates have increased our interest expense, as our credit facility entails variable-rate interest. We believe these conditions could continue in 2023. Current recessionary
 conditions also cause further uncertainty regarding the potential for growth in our business during 2023.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

Our principal properties consist of the following:

Offices

Our principal administrative offices are our corporate headquarters in Provo, Utah and our offices in Shanghai, China.

Distribution Centers

We distribute our products through distribution centers and warehouses in many of our markets, with our principal facilities being in Provo, Utah and Mainland China.

Research and Development Centers

We operate research and development centers in Provo, Utah and Shanghai, China.

Manufacturing Facilities

We operate manufacturing facilities in Mainland China, and two of the companies in our Rhyz strategic investment arm (Manufacturing segment) operate manufacturing facilities in Provo, Utah, Draper,
 Utah and West Valley City, Utah.

We own the above properties, except we lease the manufacturing facilities in Provo, Utah and West Valley City, Utah, certain of the manufacturing facilities in China, and the land for our facilities
 in Shanghai, China.

40 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In January 2023, we settled litigation with Don Roberts, a dairy farmer. Mr. Roberts claimed he was a general partner in our former indoor-growing business and related businesses. He also claimed he
 was instrumental in developing some of the business s intellectual property. In May 2019, we filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah, seeking a declaratory judgment that Mr. Roberts was not an inventor of any of the
 business s intellectual property and was not a partner in the business. This lawsuit was dismissed on jurisdictional grounds in December 2019. We appealed that dismissal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. While the appeal was
 pending, Mr. Roberts filed an irrevocable covenant not to sue on the claims that gave rise to federal jurisdiction. We therefore informed the court that our appeal was moot, and the court dismissed our appeal in November 2020. In addition to
 these proceedings in the federal courts, this matter also involved proceedings in Utah state courts. In November 2019, Mr. Roberts filed suit in Utah s Fifth Judicial District Court, seeking a declaratory judgment that he was a general partner in
 the business. Mr. Roberts also sought damages exceeding 250 million. We filed a motion to dismiss this action in state court or, in the alternative, to transfer venue to Utah s Fourth Judicial District Court. The court denied our motion, and we
 were unable to have the denial reversed on appeal. In December 2021, we determined to wind down this business s operations. In January 2023, we reached a settlement agreement with Mr. Roberts, in which we agreed to pay an immaterial amount to Mr.
 Roberts.

From time to time, we are involved in other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable.

41 

Table of Contents 

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information and Holders

Our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol NUS. The approximate number of holders of record of our Class A common stock as of January 31, 2023
 was 221. This number of holders of record does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of shares of our Class A common stock because shares are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of
 individual owners who have the right to vote their shares.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

Period

Total

 Number

 of Shares

 Purchased

Average

 Price Paid

 per Share

Total Number of

 Shares Purchased

 as Part of Publicly

 Announced Plans

 or Programs

Approximate Dollar

 Value of Shares that May

 Yet Be Purchased Under

 the Plans or Programs

 (in millions) (1) 

October 1 31, 2022

283,592

35.28

283,592

175.4

November 1 30, 2022

175.4

December 1 31, 2022

175.4

Total

283,592

35.28

283,592

(1) 

In August 2018, we announced that our board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan. Under this plan, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million of our outstanding Class A
 common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

42 

Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graph

The following graph shows the changes in value over the five-year period ended December 31, 2022 of an assumed 100 investment in our Class A common stock, the S P MidCap 400 Consumer Staples Index and the S P 500
 Index.

COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN

Among Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., the S P 500 Index, and the S P MidCap 400 Consumer Staples Index

Measured Period

Nu Skin

S P 500 Index

S P MidCap 400

 Consumer Staples Index

December 31, 2017

100.00

100.00

100.00

December 31, 2018

91.68

95.62

92.85

December 31, 2019

63.25

125.72

102.93

December 31, 2020

87.78

148.85

125.81

December 31, 2021

83.97

191.58

138.49

December 31, 2022

72.27

156.88

137.43

The stock performance graph above shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 under
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In addition, it shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any statement that incorporates this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference into any filing under the
 Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference.

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED 

Not applicable.

43 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are included in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Business Overview

Our Products 

Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. develops and distributes a comprehensive line of premium-quality beauty and wellness solutions in approximately 50 markets worldwide. In 2022, our revenue of
 2.2 billion was primarily generated by our three primary brands: our beauty products brand, Nu Skin; our wellness products brand, Pharmanex; and our anti-aging brand, ageLOC. We operate in the direct
 selling channel, primarily utilizing person-to-person marketing to promote and sell our products, including through the use of social and digital platforms. In all of our markets besides Mainland China, we refer to members of our independent
 sales force as Brand Affiliates because their primary role is to promote our brand and products through their personal and social networks. 

In addition to our core Nu Skin business, we also explore new areas of growth and opportunity through our strategic investment arm known as Rhyz Inc. Rhyz investments include beauty and wellness
 product manufacturing companies and other investments. In 2022, the Rhyz companies generated 153.3 million, or 7 , of our 2022 reported revenue (excluding sales to our core Nu Skin business).

Our Global Operations 

In 2022, we generated approximately 24 of our revenue from the United States and approximately 16 from Mainland China. Given the size of our international operations, our results, as reported in
 U.S. dollars, are often impacted by foreign-currency fluctuations; in 2022, our revenue was negatively impacted 5 from foreign-currency fluctuations compared to 2021. In addition, our results can be impacted by global economic, political,
 demographic and business trends and conditions.

A Global Network of Customers, Paid Affiliates and Sales Leaders 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,147,124 persons who purchased directly from the company during the previous three months Customers ). Our Customer numbers include members of our sales force who
 made such a purchase, including Paid Affiliates and those who qualify as Sales Leaders, but they do not include consumers who purchase directly from members of our sales force. We believe a significant majority of Customers purchase our products
 primarily for personal or family consumption but are not actively pursuing the opportunity to generate supplemental income by actively and consistently marketing and reselling products.

Our revenue is highly influenced by the number and productivity of our Sales Leaders. Sales Leaders are our Brand Affiliates, and sales employees and independent marketers in Mainland China, who
 achieve certain qualification requirements. Our reported Sales Leaders number is the three-month average of our monthly Sales Leaders as of the end of each month of the quarter.

As we continue to focus on customer acquisition and social commerce, we believe our number of Paid Affiliates is an important indicator of consumer purchasing activity in our business. Paid
 Affiliates are any Brand Affiliates, as well as members of our sales force in Mainland China, who earned sales compensation during the previous three months. Paid Affiliates power our social commerce model and are a bridge to attracting new
 customers and nurturing relationships and community.

We have been successful in attracting and motivating our sales force by:

developing and marketing innovative, technologically and scientifically advanced products;

providing compelling initiatives and strong support; and

offering an attractive sales compensation structure.

Our global sales force helps us to rapidly introduce products and penetrate our markets with modest up-front promotional expense. We rely on our sales force to create consumer demand for our
 products, as opposed to a traditional approach of advertising-generated consumer awareness. Our approach is particularly effective with products that benefit from personal education and demonstration. Similar to other companies in our industry,
 we experience relatively high turnover among our sales force.

To enhance customer retention, we have developed product subscription and loyalty programs that provide incentives for consumers to commit to purchase a specific amount of product on a monthly
 basis. All purchases under these programs are subject to our standard product payment and return policies. We believe these subscription and loyalty programs have improved consumer retention, have had a stabilizing impact on revenue and have
 helped generate recurring sales.

44 

Table of Contents 

Product Innovation 

Our sales force markets and sells our products, and attracts others to the opportunity, based on the distinguishing benefits and innovative characteristics of our products. As a result, we leverage
 our scientific expertise and product development resources to introduce innovative beauty, wellness and anti-aging products. Our sales force is increasingly using social media to market and sell our products. To continue to leverage social media,
 it is imperative that we develop demonstrable products that are unique and engaging to younger consumers.

Any delays or difficulties in introducing compelling products or attractive initiatives or tools into our markets may have a negative impact on our revenue and our number of Customers, Paid
 Affiliates and Sales Leaders.

Our Product Launch Process 

Prior to making a product generally available for purchase in a market, we often do one or more introductory offerings of the product, such as a preview of the product to our Sales Leaders or other product
 introduction or promotion. We refer to the entire process, beginning with the introductory offering through general availability of the product, as a product launch or our product launch process. The timing of the launch of a particular product
 often varies from market to market depending on such factors as customer demand, product registration or other local legal requirements, and product availability in our supply chain.

Sales Leader previews and other product introductions and promotions sometimes generate significant activity and a high level of purchasing, which can result in a higher-than-normal increase in revenue during the
 quarter and can skew year-over-year and sequential comparisons. We believe our product launch process attracts new Customers, Paid Affiliates and Sales Leaders to our business, increases consumer trial and provides us with important marketing and
 forecasting information about our products. Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for more information on risks related to our product launch process. 

Income Statement Presentation

We report revenue in nine segments, and we translate revenue from each market s local currency into U.S. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. Revenue is measured as the amount of
 consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring products. All revenue is recognized when we satisfy our performance obligations under the contract. We recognize revenue by transferring the promised products to the customer, with
 revenue recognized at shipping point, the point in time the customer obtains control of the products. We recognize revenue for shipping and handling charges at the time the products are delivered to or picked up by the customer. In most markets,
 we offer a return policy that allows our sales force to return unopened and unused product for up to 12 months subject to a 10 restocking fee. Reported revenue is net of returns, which have historically been less than 5 of annual revenue. Sales
 taxes and value added taxes in foreign jurisdictions that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are accounted for on a net basis and therefore are excluded from net sales.

Cost of sales primarily consists of:

cost of products purchased from third-party vendors;

cost of self-manufactured products;

cost of adjustments to inventory carrying value;

freight cost of shipping products to our sales force and import duties for the products; and

royalties and related expenses for licensed technologies.

For markets other than Mainland China, in 2022, we sourced most of our beauty products and wellness products from trusted third-party suppliers and manufacturers. In Mainland China, we operate
 manufacturing facilities where we produce the majority of our beauty and wellness products sold in Mainland China. We also produce some products at these facilities that are exported to other markets. In 2018 and 2020 we acquired a total of four
 companies in the United States that are producing some of our products. Cost of sales and gross profit, on a consolidated basis, may fluctuate as a result of changes in the ratio between self-manufactured products and products sourced from
 third-party vendors. In addition, because we purchase a significant amount of our goods in U.S. dollars and recognize revenue in local currencies, our gross margin is subject to exchange rate risks. Because our gross margins vary from product to
 product and due to higher pricing in some markets, changes in product mix and geographic revenue mix can impact our gross margin on a consolidated basis.

45 

Table of Contents 

Selling expenses are our most significant expense and are classified as operating expenses. Selling expenses include sales commissions paid to our sales force, special incentives, costs for
 incentive trips, cost of sales force conventions and other rewards, as well as salaries, service fees, benefits, bonuses and other labor and unemployment expenses we pay to our sales force in Mainland China. The sales force conventions are held
 in various markets worldwide, which we generally expense in the period in which they are incurred. Because our various sales force conventions are not held during each fiscal year, or in the same period each year, their impact on our general and
 administrative expenses may vary from year to year and from quarter to quarter. For example, we held our global convention in October 2019 and will have another global convention in the fall of 2024, as we currently plan to hold a global
 convention approximately every other year. Our 2021 global convention was held virtually due to the ongoing pandemic. In addition, we hold regional conventions and conventions in our major markets at different times during the year. These
 conventions have significant expenses associated with them. Because we have not incurred expenses for these conventions during every fiscal year or in comparable interim periods, year-over-year comparisons have been impacted accordingly. Selling
 expenses do not include amounts we pay to our sales force based on their personal purchases; rather, such amounts are reflected as reductions to revenue. Our global sales compensation plan, which we employ in all our markets except Mainland
 China, is an important factor in our ability to attract and retain our Sales Leaders. Under our global sales compensation plan, Sales Leaders can earn multi-level compensation, where they earn commissions for product sales to their consumer
 groups as well as the product sales made through the sales network they have developed and trained. We do not pay commissions on sales materials. Fluctuations occur in the amount of commissions paid as our numbers of Customers and Sales Leaders
 change from month to month, but the fluctuation in the overall payout as a percentage of revenue tends to be relatively small. Selling expenses as a percentage of revenue typically increase in connection with a significant product offering, due
 to growth in the number of Sales Leaders qualifying for increased sales compensation and promotional incentives. From time to time, we make modifications and enhancements to our global sales compensation plan in an effort to help motivate our
 sales force and develop leadership characteristics, which can have an impact on selling expenses. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2017, we began to implement significant enhancements to our global sales compensation plan, which we have now
 rolled out across all markets other than Mainland China. One of the changes is a new bonus program for our sales force, which has an increasing effect on our selling expenses as a percentage of revenue.

Outside of Mainland China, Brand Affiliates also have the opportunity to make profits by purchasing products from us at a discount and selling them to consumers with a mark-up. We do not account
 for, nor pay, additional commissions on these mark-ups received by Brand Affiliates. In many markets, we also allow individuals who are not part of our sales force, whom we refer to as preferred customers, to buy products directly from us at a
 discount. We pay commissions on preferred customer purchases to the referring member of our sales force.

General and administrative expenses include:

wages and benefits;

rents and utilities;

depreciation and amortization;

promotion and advertising;

professional fees;

travel;

research and development; and

other operating expenses.

Labor expenses are the most significant portion of our general and administrative expenses.

Provision for income taxes depends on the statutory tax rates and the withholding taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. For example, statutory tax rates in 2022 were approximately
 17 in Hong Kong, 20 in Taiwan, 25 in South Korea, 32 in Japan and 25 in Mainland China. We are subject to taxation in the United States at the statutory corporate federal tax rate of 21 in 2022, and we pay taxes in multiple states within
 the United States at various tax rates. Our overall effective tax rate was (17.8) for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The following critical accounting policies and estimates should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto. Management considers our critical
 accounting policies to be accounting for income taxes and accounting for intangible assets. In each of these areas, management makes estimates based on historical results, current trends and future projections.

46 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes . We account for income taxes in accordance with the Income Taxes Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Codification . This Topic
 establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for the effects of income taxes that result from an enterprise s activities during the current and preceding years. We take an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and
 reporting of income taxes. We pay income taxes in many foreign jurisdictions based on the profits realized in those jurisdictions, which can be significantly impacted by terms of intercompany transactions between Nu Skin affiliates around the
 world. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are created in this process. As of December 31, 2022, we had net deferred tax assets of 89.3 million. We net these deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities by jurisdiction. Valuation allowances
 are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be ultimately realized. These deferred tax assets assume sufficient future earnings will exist for their realization, and are calculated using anticipated tax
 rates. In certain jurisdictions, valuation allowances have been recorded against the deferred tax assets specifically related to use of foreign tax credits, research and development credits and net operating losses. The valuation allowance
 assessment requires estimates as to future operating results. These estimates are made on an ongoing basis based upon the Company s business plans and growth strategies in each market and consequently, future material changes in the valuation
 allowance are possible. The valuation allowance reduces the deferred tax assets to an amount that management determined is more-likely-than-not to be realized. When we determine that there is sufficient taxable income to utilize the foreign tax
 credits, the research and development credits, or the net operating losses, the valuation allowances will be released. In the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, an
 adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to earnings in the period such determination was made.

We evaluate our indefinite reinvestment assertions with respect to foreign earnings for each period. Other than earnings we intend to reinvest indefinitely, we accrue for the U.S. federal and state
 income taxes applicable to the earnings. For all foreign earnings, we accrue the applicable foreign income taxes. We intend to utilize the offshore earnings to fund foreign investments, specifically capital expenditures. Undistributed earnings
 that we have indefinitely reinvested aggregate to 60.0 million as of December 31, 2022. If this amount were repatriated to the United States, the amount of incremental taxes would be approximately 6.0 million.

The company operates in and files income tax returns in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, which are subject to examination by tax authorities. Years open to examination contain matters
 that could be subject to differing interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations related to the amount and/or timing of income, deductions, and tax credits. We account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with Accounting Standards
 Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes. This guidance prescribes a minimum probability threshold that a tax position must meet before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The minimum threshold is defined as a tax position that is more
 likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured
 as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. In 2009, we entered into a voluntary program with the IRS called Compliance Assurance Process CAP ). Under the CAP program, the
 IRS audits the tax position of the Company to identify and resolve any tax issues that may arise throughout the tax year. As of December 31, 2022, tax years through 2020 have been audited and are effectively closed to further examination. For
 tax years 2021 and 2022, the Company is in the Bridge phase of the CAP program, pursuant to which the IRS will not accept disclosures, will not conduct reviews and will not provide letters of assurance for the Bridge years. There are limited
 circumstances that tax years in the Bridge phase will be opened for examination. We have applied for the CAP program for tax year 2023 and are currently waiting on approval from the IRS. With a few exceptions, we are no longer subject to state
 and local income tax examination by tax authorities for the years before 2019. Foreign jurisdictions, have varying lengths of statutes of limitations for income tax examinations. Some statutes are as short as three years and in certain markets
 may be as long as ten years. We are currently under examination in certain foreign jurisdictions; however, the outcomes of those reviews are not yet determinable.

Our unrecognized tax benefits are related to multiple foreign and domestic jurisdictions. Due to potential changes in unrecognized tax benefits from the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate,
 as well as the expiration of various statutes of limitation, it is reasonably possible that our gross unrecognized tax benefits, net of foreign currency adjustments, may increase within the next 12 months by a range of approximately 2.0 to 3.0
 million.

At December 31, 2022, we had 23.1 million in unrecognized tax benefits of which 23.1 million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. In comparison, at December 31, 2021, we had 15.1
 million in unrecognized tax benefits of which 15.1 million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. We recognized an increase of approximately 5.7 million in interest and penalties expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 1.6 million in interest and penalties during the year ended December 31, 2021. We had approximately 12.4 million, 6.7 million and 5.1 million of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022, 2021 and
 2020, respectively. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as a component of income tax expense.

We are subject to regular audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. These audits may result in additional tax liabilities. We account for such contingent liabilities in accordance with
 relevant accounting standards and believe we have appropriately provided for income taxes for all years. Several factors drive the calculation of our tax reserves. Some of these factors include: (i) the expiration of various statutes of
 limitations; (ii) changes in tax law and regulations; (iii) issuance of tax rulings; and (iv) settlements with tax authorities. Changes in any of these factors may result in adjustments to our reserves, which would impact our reported financial
 results.

47 

Table of Contents 

Intangible Assets . Acquired intangible assets may represent indefinite-lived assets, determinable-lived intangibles or goodwill. Of these, only the costs of determinable-lived intangibles are
 amortized to expense over their estimated life. The value of indefinite-lived intangible assets and residual goodwill is not amortized, but is tested at least annually for impairment. Our impairment testing for goodwill is performed separately
 from our impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangibles. We test goodwill for impairment, at least annually, by reviewing the book value compared to the fair value at the reportable unit level. We have the option to perform a qualitative
 assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary or to perform a quantitative assessment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. Under the qualitative assessment, an
 entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If under the quantitative assessment the fair value of a
 reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the amount of the impairment loss, if any, must be measured. We elected to perform the quantitative assessment for fiscal years 2022 and 2020 and we used the qualitative assessment for fiscal
 years 2021. Considerable management judgment is necessary to measure fair value. 

We completed the annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing as of October 1, 2022, and concluded that the fair
 value of the reporting units were determined to be in excess of its carrying amounts and no goodwill impairment charge was required. As of the October 1, 2022 testing date, the fair value of the Manufacturing reporting unit was estimated to
 be approximately 8 in excess of its carrying amount, and therefore the reporting unit is considered to be at risk of future impairment. The Manufacturing reporting unit s fair value remains sensitive to significant unfavorable changes in
 revenue, gross margin and discount rates that could negatively impact future analyses.

Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. As a result, there
 can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. Although the Manufacturing reporting unit showed strong revenue growth in fiscal
 year 2020 and 2021, the fair value of the reporting unit in the current year was negatively impacted by an increase in the discount rate due to the current interest rate
 environment, and lower near-term revenue projections. Current projections used for the Manufacturing reporting unit reflect revenue growth attributable to the continued expansion of capacity, continued intercompany sales to Nu Skin,
 and the recent acquisition of new customers. While historical performance and current expectations have resulted in fair values of the Manufacturing reporting unit in excess of carrying values, if the assumptions are not realized an
 impairment charge may be recorded in the future.

During 2022, we recognized an impairment charge of 1.7 million associated with determinable-lived intangibles. During 2021, we recognized an
 impairment charge associated with our exit of the Grow Tech segment. We did not recognize any impairment charges for goodwill or intangible assets during 2020.

Results of Operations

The following table sets forth our operating results as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Revenue

100.0

100.0

100.0

Cost of sales

28.3

25.0

25.5

Gross profit

71.7

75.0

74.5

Operating expenses:

Selling expenses

39.5

40.1

39.8

General and administrative expenses

25.0

24.3

24.7

Restructuring and impairment expenses

2.2

2.0

Total operating expenses

66.7

66.3

64.5

Operating income

5.0

8.7

10.0

Other income (expense), net

(1.0

(0.1

(0.1

Income before provision for income taxes

4.0

8.6

9.9

Provision (benefit) for income taxes

(0.7

3.1

2.5

Net income

4.7

5.5

7.4

2022 Compared to 2021

Overview 

Revenue in 2022 decreased 17 to 2.23 billion from 2.70 billion in 2021. Our 2022 revenue was negatively impacted 5 from foreign-currency fluctuations. As of the end of the fourth quarter of
 2022, Customers decreased 16 , Paid Affiliates decreased 13 and Sales Leaders decreased 21 compared to the prior year.

Our 2022 revenue was softer than anticipated primarily driven by continuation of COVID-related factors in Mainland China, South Korea and Hong Kong; distractions in EMEA related to the ongoing conflict in Russia
 and Ukraine; and the general global economic downturn pressures and associated inflation being felt in our global markets. In the second half of 2022, we began launching our first connected beauty device, ageLOC

LumiSpa iO , which generated approximately 42.1 million in revenue.

Earnings per share in 2022 decreased 28 to 2.07 from 2.86 in 2021. The decrease in earnings per share was primarily attributable to our decline in revenue and an increase in the costs associated with our
 restructuring plans in 2022 as compared to 2021, partially offset by benefits from a tax method change, which enabled the utilization of foreign tax credits.

48 

Table of Contents 

Segment Results

We report our business in nine segments to reflect our current management approach. These segments consist of our seven geographic Nu Skin segments Americas, Mainland China, Southeast Asia/Pacific, South Korea,
 Japan, EMEA and Hong Kong/Taiwan and our two Rhyz Investment segments Manufacturing and Rhyz other. The Nu Skin Other category includes miscellaneous corporate revenue and related adjustments. The Rhyz other segment includes other investments by
 our Rhyz strategic investment arm, which were entered into during 2021.

The following table sets forth revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of our reportable segments (U.S. dollars in thousands):

Constant

Year Ended December 31,

Currency

2022

2021

Change

Change (1) 

Nu Skin

Americas

508,537

547,755

(7

(5

Mainland China

360,389

568,774

(37

(35

Southeast Asia/Pacific

344,411

336,651

2

7

South Korea

268,707

354,252

(24

(15

Japan

224,896

266,216

(16

EMEA

204,275

283,200

(28

(19

Hong Kong/ Taiwan

157,197

162,611

(3

1

Other

3,959

3,653

8

8

Total Nu Skin

2,072,371

2,523,112

(18

(12

Rhyz Investments

Manufacturing

149,458

172,120

(13

(13

Rhyz Other

3,830

437

776

776

Total Rhyz Investments

153,288

172,557

(11

(11

Total

2,225,659

2,695,669

(17

(12

(1) 

Constant-currency revenue change is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures, below.

The table below sets forth segment contribution for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of our reportable segments (U.S. dollars in thousands). Segment contribution excludes certain
 intercompany charges, specifically royalties, license fees, transfer pricing and other miscellaneous items. We use segment contribution to measure the portion of profitability that the segment managers have the ability to control for their
 respective segments. For additional information regarding our segments and the calculation of segment contribution, see Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Change

Nu Skin

Americas

110,522

116,265

(5

Mainland China

72,362

151,645

(52

Southeast Asia/Pacific

85,827

81,779

5

South Korea

81,804

114,034

(28

Japan

54,976

67,511

(19

EMEA

21,446

41,988

(49

Hong Kong/Taiwan

35,253

37,330

(6

Total Nu Skin

462,190

610,552

(24

Rhyz Investments

Manufacturing

3,570

18,346

(81

Rhyz Other

(6,180

(1,813

(241

Total Rhyz Investments

(2,610

16,533

(116

49 

Table of Contents 

The following tables provide information concerning the number of Customers, Paid Affiliates and Sales Leaders in our core Nu Skin business as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the first quarter of 2022, in
 connection with the introduction of the new metric Paid Affiliates, we reviewed how we currently present Sales Leaders and adjusted that metric s definition to what we believe provides a better insight into the trends of our business. The
 definition of our Customer metric remained unchanged. We have recast the 2021 Sales Leaders to the new definition.

Customers are persons who have purchased directly from the Company during the three months ended as of the date indicated. Our Customer numbers include members of our sales force who made such a purchase, including Paid Affiliates and
 those who qualify as Sales Leaders, but they do not include consumers who purchase directly from members of our sales force.

Paid Affiliates are any Brand Affiliates, as well as members of our sales force in Mainland China, who earned sales compensation during the three-month period. In all of our markets besides Mainland China, we refer to members of our
 independent sales force as Brand Affiliates because their primary role is to promote our brand and products through their personal social networks.

Sales Leaders are the three-month average of our monthly Brand Affiliates, as well as sales employees and independent marketers in Mainland China, who achieved certain qualification requirements as of the end of each month of the
 quarter.

Three Months Ended

 December 31,

Customers

2022

2021

Change

Americas

299,287

336,564

(11

Mainland China

202,933

315,418

(36

Southeast Asia/Pacific

141,183

169,601

(17

South Korea

123,749

146,354

(15

Japan

119,152

122,813

(3

EMEA

197,917

210,414

(6

Hong Kong/Taiwan

62,903

66,395

(5

Total

1,147,124

1,367,559

(16

Three Months Ended

 December 31,

Paid Affiliates

2022

2021

Change

Americas

42,633

49,328

(14

Mainland China

23,436

30,546

(23

Southeast Asia/Pacific

38,653

44,050

(12

South Korea

45,058

52,036

(13

Japan

38,021

38,428

(1

EMEA

31,869

36,482

(13

Hong Kong/Taiwan

17,286

20,155

(14

Total

236,956

271,025

(13

Three Months Ended

 December 31,

Sales Leaders

2022

2021

Change

Americas

9,594

10,879

(12

Mainland China (1) 

12,359

18,207

(32

Southeast Asia/Pacific

6,999

8,800

(20

South Korea

6,094

8,224

(26

Japan

5,936

5,864

1

EMEA

4,740

5,743

(17

Hong Kong/Taiwan

3,015

3,666

(18

Total

48,737

61,383

(21

(1) 

The December 31, 2022 number reflects a modified Sales Leader definition. See Mainland China, below.

50 

Table of Contents 

Following is a narrative discussion of our results in each segment, which supplements the tables above.

Americas . Our Americas segment continued to be challenged by macroeconomic issues in our Latin America markets, which drove the decline in revenue, Customers, Paid
 Affiliates and Sales Leaders for fiscal year 2022. Our U.S. market revenue increased 4 for the year, on top of 32 revenue growth in 2021, due to continued social selling momentum and subscription enrollment. During the back half of 2022, we
 launched ageLOC LumiSpa iO, which generated approximately 20.8 million of revenue.

The year-over-year decline in segment contribution primarily reflects the decline in revenue, along with a 1.3 percentage point decrease in gross margin, from increased sales discounts and
 promotions during the year, partially offset by a 2.0 percentage point decrease in selling expenses from sales mix, as our products have differing commission percentages assigned to them.

Mainland China . Our Mainland China market continued to be challenged during 2022, with continued pressures from COVID-related lockdowns and other factors, which negatively
 impacted our selling and promotional activities. We anticipate the constraints will continue throughout the first half of 2023. As a result of the economic headwinds in the market we made some modifications to the compensation plan during the
 third quarter of 2022, which provides leaders more flexible requirements to maintain their business. Our Mainland China Sales Leaders number as of December 31, 2022 reflects these modified requirements. We believe the regulatory environment in
 Mainland China is becoming increasingly challenging and will continue to be so over the medium and long terms. We currently plan to implement certain changes to the structure of our sales compensation in Mainland China due to the evolving
 commercial and regulatory environment. These changes could have a negative impact on our sales in that market.

The year-over-year decrease in segment contribution primarily reflects lower revenue in 2022, a 2.7 percentage point decrease in gross margin from increased product promotions and
 discounts during the year, and an increase in general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue due to the fixed nature of these expenses on lower revenue. 

Southeast Asia/Pacific . Our Southeast Asia/Pacific segment revenue increased 2 for 2022, including a 5 negative impact from unfavorable foreign-currency fluctuations . Our revenue benefited from the launch of ageLOC Meta (locally referred to as ageLOC Reset in the Southeast Asia markets), which generated 48.1 million in revenue for 2022, compared to 15.6 million during the fourth quarter of 2021 launch. Our decline in Sales Leaders was
 partially driven by our fourth quarter 2021 launch of ageLOC Meta, which led to higher Sales Leaders for 2021. Our product promotions and launches
 were focused on re-energizing our existing Sales Leaders, which led to a decline in our Customers and Paid Affiliates. 

The year-over-year increase in segment contribution for 2022 primarily reflects the increase in revenue

South Korea . Our South Korea market was challenged from a 2022 price increase to address the inflationary pressures, along with continued COVID-related disruptions during the first half of
 2022, resulting in a decline of revenue, Customers, Paid Affiliates, and Sales Leaders. Our 2021 results also benefited from the fourth quarter launch of ageLOC Meta, which contributed 29 million in
 revenue compared to 19.7 million for the full year 2022. Our 2022 revenue declined 24 , including a 9 negative impact from unfavorable foreign-currency fluctuations.

The year-over-year decrease in segment contribution primarily reflects the decline in revenue, along with a 1.0 percentage point increase in selling expenses as a percent of revenue primarily
 attributable to a regional sales force convention that was held in 2022.

Japan . The decline in revenue is primarily attributable to a 16 negative impact from unfavorable foreign-currency fluctuations. On a local currency basis, revenue increased less than 1 .

The year-over-year decrease in segment contribution is primarily attributable to the decline in reported revenue, along with a decline in gross margin from product mix.

51 

Table of Contents 

EMEA . The continued softening of momentum in our EMEA segment was driven by distractions to our sales force from the ongoing geopolitical Russia/Ukraine conflict, along with inflationary
 pressures driven by the sharp increase in energy cost in EMEA, which led to a decline in revenue, Customers, Paid Affiliates and Sales Leaders. Our reported revenue was also negatively impacted 9 by unfavorable foreign-currency fluctuations.
 During 2022, we suspended business operations in Ukraine and closed our market in Russia. The Russia and Ukraine markets have historically accounted for less than 1 of our consolidated revenue.

The year-over-year decline in segment contribution primarily reflects the decreased revenue for 2022, along with a 2.5 percentage point decrease in gross margin, attributable to a more unfavorable
 product mix and increased air freight expense in 2022, associated with our launch of Beauty Focus Collagen + .

Hong Kong/Taiwan . Our Hong Kong/Taiwan segment reported a 3 decline in revenue for 2022, with a 4 negative impact from unfavorable foreign-currency fluctuations. The increase in
 constant-currency revenue is primarily attributable to growth in our Taiwan market from social selling.

The year-over-year decrease in segment contribution is primarily attributable to the decline in reported revenue, along with a 1.6 percentage point decrease in gross margin.

Manufacturing . Our Manufacturing segment revenue declined 13 for 2022, primarily due to our customers rebalancing their inventory from higher levels in 2021, reducing demand in 2022.

The decline in segment contribution is attributable to lower revenue, the mix of revenue between our manufacturing entities with differing profitability levels and increases in obsolete inventory.

Consolidated Results

Revenue 

Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 17 to 2.23 billion, compared to 2.70 billion in the prior-year period. For a discussion and analysis of this increase in revenue, see
 Overview and Segment Results, above.

Gross profit 

Gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to 71.7 in 2022, compared to 75.0 in 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue for core Nu Skin decreased 2.8 percentage points to
 75.4 , primarily driven by our strategic decision to align our inventory on hand with our future sales and promotional plans, which resulted in an incremental 26.9 million write-off, and is recorded in our Corporate and other category. 
 Our Nu Skin gross margin was also negatively impacted by increased sales promotion and a shift in our geographical revenue mix, as our markets have differing gross margins.

Selling expenses 

Selling expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 39.5 in 2022, compared to 40.1 for 2021. Our core Nu Skin business s selling expense as a percentage of revenue decreased 0.5 percentage
 points to 42.3 for 2022, compared to 42.8 for 2021. Selling expenses for our core Nu Skin business are driven by the specific performance of our individual Sales Leaders. Given the size of our sales force and the various components of our
 compensation and incentive programs, selling expenses as a percentage of revenue typically fluctuate plus or minus approximately 100 basis points from period to period.

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses decreased to 555.8 million in 2022, compared to 654.4 million in 2021. The 98.6 million decrease primarily reflects an approximately
 50.0 million decrease to labor expenses from lower employee performance incentive compensation and savings realized from our 2022 restructuring plan, as well as the impact from the fourth quarter 2021 exit of the Grow Tech segment, which
 incurred 25.3 million in general and administrative expenses in 2021. As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative increased 0.7 percentage points to 25.0 for 2022,
 compared to 24.3 for 2021. 

52 

Table of Contents 

Restructuring and impairment expenses 

In the fourth quarter of 2021, we adopted a restructuring program. We determined to exit our Grow Tech segment, as a strategic shift to better align our resources on key strategic initiatives to
 achieve the future growth objectives and priorities of the core Nu Skin business. As a result of the restructuring program, we recorded 51.9 million in restructuring and impairment charges in 2021, consisting primarily of a non-cash charge of
 38.5 million for impairment of goodwill, intangibles and fixed assets, and 20.0 million of cash charges, including 6.5 million for employee severance and 13.5 million for other related cash charges associated with our restructuring. During
 2022, we incurred 5 million in incremental cash charges associated with the exit activities and legal settlements. The restructuring charges were recorded in our previous Grow Tech segment, which has been recast to Corporate Other.

In the third quarter of 2022, we adopted a strategic plan to focus resources on our strategic priorities and optimize future growth and profitability. The global program includes workforce reductions and footprint
 optimization. We estimate total charges under the program will approximate 50 55 million, with 40 45 million in cash charges of severance and lease termination cost and approximately 10 million of non-cash charges of impairment of fixed assets
 and other intangibles related to the footprint optimization. We expect to substantially complete the program during the first half of 2023. During 2022, we incurred charges to be settled in cash of 20.1 million in severance charges, 7.4 million
 in lease termination cost, and 5.2 million in other associated cost, and non-cash charges of 8.2 million in fixed asset impairments, 0.9 million in accelerated depreciation and 1.7 million in impairment of other intangibles.

Other income (expense), net 

Other income (expense), net for 2022 was (21.9) million of expense, compared to (1.5) million of expense in 2021. The increase in other expense for 2022 is attributable to a 9.3 million unrealized investment loss
 for 2022 related to a controlled environment agriculture company we invested in as part of our previous Grow Tech segment, a 1.8 million increase in interest expense from the higher interest rates during the back half of 2022, and a 1.2 million
 increase in foreign currency losses from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. The increase in expense also reflects a 18.1 million unrealized investment gain in 2021, which was partially offset by a 10.7 million loss on asset disposal in 2021.

Provision for income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes decreased to (15.8) million in 2022 from 85.2 million in 2021. Our effective tax rate decreased to (17.8) of pre-tax income in 2022 from 36.6 
 in 2021. The decrease in the effective tax rate for 2022 is primarily due to the release of valuation allowance on foreign tax credits.

For 2023, we currently anticipate that our effective tax rate will be approximately 18-26 . Our actual 2023 effective tax rate could differ materially from this estimate. Our future effective tax
 rates could fluctuate significantly, being affected by numerous factors, such as intercompany transactions, changes in our business operations, foreign audits, increases in uncertain tax positions, acquisitions, entry into new markets, the amount
 of our foreign earnings, including earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have a lower statutory rate and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have a higher statutory rate, losses incurred in jurisdictions,
 the inability to realize tax benefits, withholding taxes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation.

Net income 

As a result of the foregoing factors, net income in 2022 decreased to 104.8 million, compared to 147.3 million in 2021.

2021 Compared to 2020

For a comparison of our operating results for 2021 compared to 2020, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 46 of our Annual Report on Form
 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on February 16, 2022.

53 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Historically, our principal uses of cash have included operating expenses (particularly selling expenses) and working capital (principally inventory purchases), as well as capital
 expenditures, stock repurchases, dividends, debt repayment and the development of operations in new markets. We have at times incurred long-term debt, or drawn on our revolving line of credit, to fund strategic transactions, stock repurchases,
 capital investments and short-term operating needs. We typically generate positive cash flow from operations due to favorable margins and have generally relied on cash from operations to fund operating activities. We generated 108.1 million in
 cash from operations during 2022, compared to 141.6 million in cash from operations during 2021. The decrease in cash flow from operations primarily reflects higher payout of expenses associated with our 2021 and 2022 restructuring
 programs, partially offset by an approximate 40.3 million decline in inventory during 2022, compared to an increase in the prior year, as we continue to optimize inventory levels.

As of December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents, including current investments, were 278.5 million compared to 354.8 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents
 during the year primarily reflects our quarterly dividend payments, repurchases of our stock, the purchases of property and equipment, and payment on liabilities associated with our 2021 and 2022 restructuring programs. Working capital as of
 December 31, 2022 was 400.6 million compared to 343.3 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in working capital is attributable to our second quarter debt modification, which for 2022 resulted in a net 27.5 million of incremental
 borrowings, while shifting 82.5 million from current to long-term debt.

Cash requirements . For 2023, we currently expect that our material cash requirements will include the following:

Cash requirements for operating activities. Our operating expenses typically total approximately 85 -90 of our revenue, with compensation to our sales force constituting 40 -43 of our core Nu Skin revenue. 
 These compensation expenses consist primarily of commission payments, which we generally pay to our sales force within approximately one to two months of the sale. Inventory purchases have historically constituted approximately 15 -20 of
 our revenue. On average, we purchase our inventory approximately three to six months prior to sale. While our actual cash usage may vary based on the timing of payments, we currently expect these approximate percentages and payment
 practices to continue in 2023. In addition, we expect our 2023 lease payments will be approximately 29.9 million.

Cash requirements for investing activities. As discussed in more detail below, our capital expenditures are expected to be 75-95 million for 2023.

Cash requirements for financing activities. In 2023 we are obligated to make a total of 15.0 million in quarterly principal payments plus the associated interest on our term loan. We also anticipate paying
 quarterly cash dividends throughout 2023, approximating 19-20 million per quarter depending on the number of shares outstanding as of record date. Additional details about our dividends and term loan are provided below.

For 2024 and onward, we currently expect the above material cash requirements will remain. See Note 6 and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report for our future
 cash requirements related to our debt principal repayment and our maturities of lease liabilities.

We intend to fund the aforementioned cash requirements with our cash from operations and draw on our revolving credit facility, as needed, to address any short-term funding requirements.

Capital expenditures . Capital expenditures in 2022 totaled 59.1 million. As with 2022, we expect that the capital expenditures in 2023 will be primarily related to:

the expansion and upgrade of facilities in our various markets;

purchases and expenditures for computer systems and equipment, software, and application development; and

a new manufacturing plant in Mainland China.

We estimate that capital expenditures for the uses listed above will total approximately 75 95 million for 2023. We are currently expecting to complete construction of our new manufacturing plant
 in Mainland China in the first half of 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we have spent approximately 50.7 million on this project, including 13.4 million in 2022, and expect that our expenditures for this project will total approximately 54-56
 million, including approximately 3-5 million during 2023.

54 

Table of Contents 

Credit Agreement . On June 14, 2022, we entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with various financial institutions as lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative
 agent. The Credit Agreement provides for a 400.0 million term loan facility and a 500.0 million revolving credit facility, each with a term of five years. We used the proceeds of the term loan and the draw on the revolving facility to pay off the
 previous credit agreement. Both facilities bear interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR , plus a margin based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The term loan facility amortizes in quarterly
 installments in amounts resulting in an annual amortization of 2.5 during the first year and 5.0 during the subsequent years after the closing date of the Credit Agreement, with the remainder payable at final maturity. As of December 31, 2022, we
 had 10.0 million of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and 395.0 million on our term loan facility. The carrying value of the debt also reflects debt issuance costs of 2.5 million as of December 31, 2022, related to the
 Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not exceeding 2.25 to 1.00 and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of no less than 3.00 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all
 debt covenants under the Credit Agreement.

Modification of previous credit agreement. On June 14, 2022, we repaid our outstanding debt under our previous credit agreement, dated as of April 18, 2018, with several financial institutions as lenders and
 Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. We had indebtedness of 70.0 million on our revolver as of December 31, 2021, and 307.5 million on our term loan as of December 31, 2021.

Derivative instruments . As of December 31, 2022, we had four interest rate swaps, with a total notional principal amount of 200 million and a maturity date of July 31, 2025. We entered into these interest
 rate swap arrangements during the third quarter of 2020 to hedge the variable cash flows associated with our variable-rate debt under the Credit Agreement.

Stock repurchase plan . In 2018, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan authorizing us to repurchase up to 500.0 million of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock on
 the open market or in private transactions. During 2022, we repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares of our Class A common stock under the plan for 70.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, 175.4 million was available for repurchases under the
 plan. Our stock repurchases are used primarily to offset dilution from our equity incentive plans and for strategic initiatives.

Dividends . We paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.385 per share in March, June, September and December of 2022, for a total of 19.3 million, 19.4 million, 19.3 million
 and 19.0 million, respectively. In February 2023, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.39 per share to be paid on March 8, 2023 to stockholders of record on February 27, 2023. Currently, we anticipate that our board of
 directors will continue to declare quarterly cash dividends and that the cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund our future dividend payments. However, the continued declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board
 of directors and will depend upon various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other relevant factors.

Cash from foreign subsidiaries . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held 278.5 million and 354.8 million, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents, including current investments. These
 amounts include 223.0 million and 274.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, held in our operations outside of the United States. Substantially all of our non-U.S. cash and cash equivalents are readily convertible into U.S.
 dollars or other currencies, subject to procedural or other requirements in certain markets, as well as an indefinite-reinvestment designation, as described below.

We typically fund the cash requirements of our operations in the United States through intercompany dividends, intercompany loans and intercompany charges for products, use of
 intangible property, and corporate services. However, some markets impose government-approval or other requirements for the repatriation of dividends. For example, in Mainland China, we are unable to repatriate cash from current operations in
 the form of dividends until we file the necessary statutory financial statements for the relevant period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 33.4 million and 50.3 million, respectively, in cash denominated in Chinese RMB. We
 also have experienced delays in repatriating cash from Argentina. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 14.9 million and 11.3 million, respectively, in intercompany receivable with our Argentina subsidiary. We
 also have intercompany loan arrangements with some of our markets, including Mainland China, that allow us to access available cash, subject to certain limits in Mainland China and other jurisdictions. We also have drawn on our revolving line
 of credit to address cash needs until we can repatriate cash from Mainland China or other markets, and we may continue to do so. Except for 60 million of earnings in Mainland China that we designated as indefinitely reinvested during the
 second quarter of 2018, we currently plan to repatriate undistributed earnings from our non-U.S. operations as necessary, considering the cash needs of our non-U.S. operations and the cash needs of our U.S. operations for dividends, stock
 repurchases, capital investments, debt repayment and strategic transactions. Repatriation of non-U.S. earnings is subject to withholding taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions. Accordingly, we have accrued the necessary withholding taxes
 related to the non-U.S. earnings. 

55 

Table of Contents 

We currently believe that existing cash balances, future cash flows from operations and existing lines of credit will be adequate to fund our cash needs on both a short- and long-term basis. The
 majority of our historical expenses have been variable in nature and as such, a potential reduction in the level of revenue would reduce our cash flow needs. In the event that our current cash balances, future cash flow from operations and
 current lines of credit are not sufficient to meet our obligations or strategic needs, we would consider raising additional funds in the debt or equity markets or restructuring our current debt obligations. Additionally, we would consider
 realigning our strategic plans, including a reduction in capital spending, stock repurchases or dividend payments.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Constant-currency revenue change is a non-GAAP financial measure that removes the impact of fluctuations in foreign-currency exchange rates, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of the Company s
 performance. It is calculated by translating the current period s revenue at the same average exchange rates in effect during the applicable prior-year period and then comparing that amount to the prior-year period s revenue. We believe that
 constant-currency revenue change is useful to investors, lenders, and analysts because such information enables them to gauge the impact of foreign-currency fluctuations on our revenue from period to period.

Contingent Liabilities

Please refer to Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report for information regarding our contingent liabilities.

Seasonality and Cyclicality

In addition to general economic factors, we are impacted by seasonal factors and trends such as major cultural events and vacation patterns. For example, most Asian markets celebrate their
 respective local New Year in the first quarter, which generally has a negative impact on that quarter. We believe that direct selling is also generally negatively impacted during the third quarter, when many individuals, including our sales
 force, traditionally take vacations.

Prior to making a product generally available for purchase in a market, we often do one or more introductory offerings of the product, such as a preview of the product to our Sales Leaders or other
 product introduction or promotion. These offerings sometimes generate significant activity and a high level of purchasing, which can result in a higher-than-normal increase in revenue, Sales Leaders, Paid Affiliates and/or Customers during the
 quarter and can skew year-over-year and sequential comparisons.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

A description of new accounting pronouncements is contained in Note 2 to consolidated financial statements contained in this report.

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Currency Risk and Exchange Rate Information

A majority of our revenue and many of our expenses are recognized outside of the United States, except for inventory purchases, a significant portion of which are primarily transacted in U.S.
 dollars from vendors in the United States. The local currency of each of our Subsidiaries primary markets is considered the functional currency with the exception of our Asia product-distribution subsidiary in Singapore and, as discussed below,
 our subsidiary in Argentina. All revenue and expenses are translated at weighted-average exchange rates for the periods reported. Therefore, our reported revenue and earnings will be positively impacted by a weakening of the U.S. dollar and will
 be negatively impacted by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar. These impacts may be significant because a large portion of our business is derived from outside of the United States. Given the uncertainty of exchange rate fluctuations, it is
 difficult to predict the effect of these fluctuations on our future business, product pricing and results of operations or financial condition.

In the second quarter of 2018, published inflation indices indicated that the three-year cumulative inflation in Argentina exceeded 100 , and as of July 1, 2018, we elected to adopt highly
 inflationary accounting for our subsidiary in Argentina. Under highly inflationary accounting, Argentina s functional currency became the U.S. dollar, and its income statement and balance sheet have been measured in U.S. dollars using both
 current and historical rates of exchange. The effect of changes in exchange rates on peso-denominated monetary assets and liabilities has been reflected in earnings in Other income (expense), net and was not material. As of December 31, 2022, our
 Argentina subsidiary had a small net peso monetary position. Net sales of Argentina were less than 2 of our consolidated net sales for 2022, 2021 and 2020.

56 

Table of Contents 

We may seek to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates through the use of foreign currency exchange contracts and through intercompany loans of foreign currency. We do
 not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We regularly monitor our foreign currency risks and periodically take measures to reduce the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on our operating results. As of
 December 31, 2022, and 2021, we did not hold non-designated mark-to-market forward derivative contracts to hedge foreign-denominated intercompany positions or third-party foreign debt. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not hold any forward
 contracts designated as foreign-currency cash flow hedges. We continue to evaluate our foreign currency hedging policy.

Following are the weighted-average currency exchange rates of U.S. 1 into local currency for each of our international or foreign markets in which revenue exceeded U.S. 5.0 million for at least
 one of the quarters listed:

2022

2021

4 th Quarter

3 rd Quarter

2 nd Quarter

1 st Quarter

4 th Quarter

3 rd Quarter

2 nd Quarter

1 st Quarter

Argentina

162.6

136.8

118.6

107.0

100.5

97.4

93.9

88.8

Australia

1.5

1.5

1.4

1.4

1.4

1.4

1.3

1.3

Canada

1.4

1.3

1.3

1.3

1.3

1.3

1.2

1.3

Colombia

4,826.4

4,379.4

3,929.8

3,891.6

3,882.7

3,840.4

3,690.7

3,560.4

Chile

915.8

930.6

840.9

809.1

827.4

773.6

716.8

724.0

Eurozone countries

1.0

1.0

0.9

0.9

0.9

0.8

0.8

0.8

Hong Kong

7.8

7.8

7.8

7.8

7.8

7.8

7.8

7.8

Indonesia

15,553

14,933

14,536

14,344

14,274

14,373

14,393

14,202

Japan

140.8

138.1

129.5

116.2

113.6

110.1

109.5

106.0

Mainland China

7.1

6.8

6.6

6.3

6.4

6.5

6.5

6.5

Malaysia

4.6

4.5

4.3

4.2

4.2

4.2

4.1

4.1

Mexico

19.7

20.2

20.0

20.5

20.7

20.0

20.0

20.4

Philippines

57.2

56.3

52.7

51.6

50.4

50.2

48.2

48.3

Singapore

1.4

1.4

1.4

1.4

1.4

1.4

1.3

1.3

South Africa

17.6

17.0

15.5

15.2

15.4

14.6

14.1

15.0

South Korea

1,358.2

1,342.2

1,262.1

1,206.2

1,183.8

1,159.7

1,121.2

1,115.3

Taiwan

31.1

30.4

29.4

28.0

27.8

27.9

28.0

28.1

Thailand

36.2

36.4

34.5

33.0

33.3

32.9

31.4

30.3

Vietnam

24,303

23,463

23,081

22,770

22,780

22,889

23,041

23,052

Interest Rate Risk

We are exposed to risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on our outstanding variable rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had 402.5 million outstanding on the term loan, net of unamortized debt issuance
 cost and outstanding borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our four interest rate swaps reduce our exposure to interest rate risk on our term loan by 200.0 million as of December 31, 2022. As a result, the total variable debt of 202.5
 million was exposed to market risks as of December 31, 2022. A hypothetical one percentage point increase (decrease) in interest rates on our variable rate debt would increase (decrease) our annual interest expense by approximately 2.0 million.

For variable rate debt, interest rate changes generally do not affect the fair value of the debt instrument, but do impact future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. We
 have not entered into and currently do not hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.

For additional information about our market risk see Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.

57 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

1. 

Financial Statements . Set forth below is the index to the Financial Statements included in this Item 8:

Page

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31 , 2022 and 2021

59 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

60 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022,
 2021 and 2020

61 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022,
 2021 and 2020

62 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022,
 2021 and 2020

63 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

64 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, PCAOB ID 238 

89 

2.

Financial Statement Schedules : Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or because the required information is shown in the financial
 statements or notes thereto.

58 

Table of Contents 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(U.S. dollars in thousands)

December 31,

2022

2021

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Current investments

Accounts receivable, net

Inventories, net

Prepaid expenses and other

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Operating lease right-of-use assets

Goodwill

Other intangible assets, net

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Current liabilities

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Current portion of long-term debt

Total current liabilities

Operating lease liabilities

Long-term debt

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 7 and 16)

Stockholders equity

Class A common stock 
 million shares authorized, par value, million shares issued

Additional paid-in capital

Treasury stock, at cost 
 million and million shares

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Retained earnings

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

59 

Table of Contents 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Income

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Revenue

Cost of sales

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Selling expenses

General and administrative expenses

Restructuring and impairment expenses

Total operating expenses

Operating income

Other income (expense), net (Note 17)

Income before provision for income taxes

Provision (benefit) for income taxes

Net income

Net income per share:

Basic

Diluted

Weighted-average common shares outstanding (000s):

Basic

Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

60 

Table of Contents 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

(U.S. dollars in thousands)

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes of , , and ), respectively

Net unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges, net of taxes of ), and ), respectively

Less: Reclassification adjustment for realized losses/(gains) in current earnings on cash flow hedges, net of taxes of , ), and ), respectively

Comprehensive income

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

61 

Table of Contents 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
 Equity

(U.S. dollars in thousands)

Class A

 Common 

 Stock

Additional

 Paid-in 

 Capital

Treasury

 Stock, at 

 cost 

Accumulated 

 Other

 Comprehensive 

 Loss

Retained

 Earnings

Total

Balance at January 1, 2020

Net income

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

Repurchase of Class A common stock (Note 8) 

Exercise of employee stock options million shares)/vesting of stock awards

Stock-based compensation

Cash dividends

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Repurchase of Class A common stock (Note 8) 

Exercise of employee stock options million shares)/vesting of stock awards 

Stock-based compensation

Cash dividends

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Repurchase of Class A common stock (Note 8) 

Exercise of employee stock options million shares)/vesting of stock awards 

Stock-based compensation

Cash dividends

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

62 

Table of Contents 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(U.S. dollars in thousands)

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Non-cash lease expense

Stock-based compensation

Foreign currency (gains)/losses

Loss on disposal of assets

Impairment of fixed assets and other intangibles

Unrealized (gain)/losses on equity investments

Deferred taxes

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net

Prepaid expenses and other

Other assets

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of property and equipment

Proceeds on investment sales

Purchases of investments

Acquisitions (net of cash acquired)

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Exercise of employee stock options and taxes paid related to the net shares settlement of stock awards

Payment of cash dividends

Repurchase of shares of common stock

Finance lease principal payments

Payment of debt issuance cost 

Payments on debt

Proceeds from debt

Net cash used in financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

63 

Table of Contents 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

segments, consisting of its geographic Nu Skin segments Americas, which includes Canada, Latin America and the United States; Mainland
 China; Southeast Asia/Pacific, which includes Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, Australia, New Zealand, and other markets; South Korea; Japan; Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA ), which includes markets in
 Europe as well as Israel and South Africa; and Hong Kong/Taiwan, which also includes Macau and Rhyz Investments
 segments Manufacturing, which includes manufacturing and packaging subsidiaries it has acquired; and Rhyz other, which includes other investments by its Rhyz strategic investment arm (the Company s subsidiaries operating within each segment are
 collectively referred to as the Subsidiaries . 

million and million of events and other miscellaneous selling costs from the general and administration expenses line to the selling expenses line on the
 consolidated statement of income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company believes these costs are better reflected in selling expenses. The reclassification had no impact on operating income for the years ended
 December 31, 2021 and 2020.

64 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Finished goods

Total inventory, net

Additions

Write-offs

Ending balance

Prepaid income tax

Prepaid inventory and import costs

Prepaid rent, insurance and other occupancy costs

Prepaid promotion and event cost

Prepaid other taxes

Derivative financial instruments

Prepaid software license

Deposits

Other

Total prepaid expense and other

years

Furniture and fixtures

- years

Computers and equipment

- years

Leasehold improvements

Scanners

years

Vehicles

- years

65 

Table of Contents 

impairment was
 recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020.

million goodwill and intangibles impairment charge related to the Grow Tech segment, which was included in Restructuring and impairment expenses 
 in the consolidated statement of income. During fiscal year 2022, the Company recorded a million impairment of other intangibles. 

goodwill impairment charge was
 required. As of the October 1, 2022 testing date, the fair value of the Manufacturing reporting unit was estimated to be approximately 
 in excess of its carrying amount, and therefore the reporting unit is considered to be at risk of future impairment. The Manufacturing reporting unit s fair value remains sensitive to significant unfavorable changes in revenue, gross margin
 and discount rates that could negatively impact future analyses.

66 

Table of Contents 

Deposits for noncancelable operating leases

Cash surrender value for life insurance policies

Right-of-use assets, Financing, net 

Derivative financial instruments

Long-term investments 

Other

Total other assets

Accrued other taxes

Accrued payroll and other employee expenses

Accrued payable to vendors

Short-term operating lease liability 

Accrued royalties

Sales return reserve

Deferred revenue

Other

Total accrued expenses

Reserve for other tax liabilities

Liability for deferred compensation plan

Contingent consideration 

Finance lease liabilities 

Asset retirement obligation

Other

Total other liabilities

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded sales returns of million, million and million, respectively. The majority of the Company s contracts have a single performance obligation and are short term in nature. Sales taxes and
 value added taxes in foreign jurisdictions that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are accounted for on a net basis and therefore are excluded from net sales.

67 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
 The contract liabilities impact to revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was an increase of million, decrease
 of million and a decrease of 
 million, respectively.

million, million and million, respectively.

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

68 

Table of Contents 

and in certain markets may be as
 long as . The Company is currently under examination in certain foreign jurisdictions; however, the outcomes of those
 reviews are not yet determinable.

Increases related to prior year tax positions

Increases related to current year tax positions

Settlements

Decreases due to lapse of statutes of limitations

Currency adjustments

Gross balance at December 31

million in
 unrecognized tax benefits of which million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. In comparison, at December 31, 2021,
 the Company had million in unrecognized tax benefits of which million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. The Company s unrecognized tax benefits relate to multiple foreign and domestic jurisdictions. Due to potential changes in
 unrecognized tax benefits from the multiple jurisdictions in which the Company operates, as well as the expiration of various statutes of limitation, it is reasonably possible that the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits, net of foreign
 currency adjustments, may increase within the next 12 months by a range of approximately to million. 

million, million and million, respectively in interest and penalties expenses
 related to uncertain tax positions. The Company had million, million and million of accrued interest and penalties related to
 uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as a component of income tax expense.

million (net of tax of million), million (net of tax of 
 million), and million (net of tax of 
 million), at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

69 

Table of Contents 

percent of our consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

million and million,
 respectively. The estimated fair value of the Company s debt is based on interest rates available for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities.

million, million and 
 million for the years ended December 31,
 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, these amounts reflect the reversal of , , and , respectively, for
 certain performance-based awards that were no longer expected to vest. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, all stock-based compensation expense was recorded within general and administrative expenses. 

70 

Table of Contents 

71 

Table of Contents 

Buildings

Construction in progress (1) 

Furniture and fixtures

Computers and equipment

Leasehold improvements

Scanners

Vehicles

Less: accumulated depreciation

million and million as
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of eligible capitalized internal-use software development costs which will be reclassified to computers and equipment when placed into service. 

million, million and 
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recorded impairments of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with our fiscal year 2022 and 2021 restructuring plans, see Note
 20 Restructuring and Severance Charges.

Mainland China

Southeast Asia/Pacific

South Korea

Japan

EMEA

Hong Kong/Taiwan

Rhyz Investments

Manufacturing

Rhyz Other

Total

million impairment charge was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021, see Note 20 for further discussion regarding the
 restructuring and impairment of the Grow Tech segment.

72 

Table of Contents 

years

Developed technology

years

Sales force network

years

Trademarks

years

Other

years

years

million, million and 
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

2024

2025

2026

2027

million impairment
 charge related to other indefinite lived intangibles and a million
 impairment charge related to other finite lived intangibles was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021, see Note 20 for further discussion restructuring and impairment of the Grow Tech segment. During 2022, the Company recorded a
 million impairment charge for other intangibles associated with our 2022 restructuring, see Note 20 for further discussion. 

million term loan facility and a million revolving credit facility, each
 with a term of . Both facilities bore interest at the LIBOR , 
 plus a margin based on the consolidated leverage ratio. The term loan facility amortized in quarterly installments in amounts resulting in an annual amortization of during the first and second years, during the third and fourth
 years and during the fifth year after the closing date of the 2018 Credit Agreement, with the remainder payable at final maturity.
 The 2018 Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not exceeding to 1.00 and a consolidated
 interest coverage ratio of no less than to 1.00 . 

73 

Table of Contents 

million term loan facility and a million revolving credit facility, each with a term of . 

 Both facilities bear interest at the SOFR, plus a margin based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. Commitment fees payable under the Credit Agreement are also based on the consolidated leverage ratio as defined in the Credit Agreement and
 range from to 
 on the unused portion of the total lender commitments then in effect. The term loan facility amortizes in quarterly installments in amounts resulting in an annual amortization of during the first year and during the second,
 third, fourth and fifth years after the closing date of the Credit Agreement, with the remainder payable at final maturity. The Credit Agreement is guaranteed by certain of the Company s domestic subsidiaries and collateralized by assets of such
 subsidiaries, including a pledge of of the capital stock of certain foreign subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement requires the Company
 to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not exceeding to 1.00 and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of no less than to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement.

million 

million 

2018 Credit Agreement revolving credit facility 

million 

Credit Agreement term loan facility

million

million

Variable : 

of the principal amount is payable in increasing quarterly installments over a 
 period that began on September 30, 2022, with the remainder payable at the end of the term. 

Credit Agreement revolving credit facility

million 

Variable : 

million and million, respectively, of the balance of its term loan under the Credit Agreement and 2018 Credit Agreement. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the Credit Agreement and 2018 Credit Agreement, which are not reflected in this table. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total (1) 

million, which is not reflected in this table. 

74 

Table of Contents 

year to years, some of
 which include options to extend the leases for up to years, and
 some of which include options to terminate the leases within 
 year. 

and years for operating and finance leases, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average discount rate was and for operating and finance
 leases, respectively.

Variable lease cost

Short-term lease cost

Sublease income

Finance lease expense

Amortization of right-of-use assets

Interest on lease liabilities

Total lease expense

Operating cash outflow from finance leases

Financing cash outflow from finance leases

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total

Less: Finance charges

Total principal liability

million which have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022, and as such, have not been recognized on the consolidated balance sheets.

75 

Table of Contents 

million shares of preferred stock, par value per share, million shares of Class A common stock, par value per
 share, and million shares of Class B common stock, par value per share . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preferred or Class B common shares outstanding. Each share of Class A common stock entitles the holder to vote on matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. Stock dividends of Class A common stock may be paid
 only to holders of Class A common stock. Class A common stock has no conversion rights. 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock awards and options

Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding

million, million and million, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive.

million and million or per share in all quarters of 2022 and for
 all quarters of 2021. The board of directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share of Class A common stock to be
 paid on to stockholders of record on .

million. The repurchases are used primarily for strategic initiatives and to offset dilution from the Company s equity incentive plans. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company
 purchased million, 
 million and million shares under the 2018 plan for million, million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, million
 was available for repurchases under the 2018 stock repurchase plan. 

. Currently, all shares issued upon the exercise of stock options are from the Company s treasury shares. Subject to certain adjustments, million shares were authorized for issuance under the 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan. On June 3, 2013, the Company s stockholders approved an Amended and
 Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which among other things increased the number of shares available for awards by million shares.
 On May 24, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved a Second Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which among other things increased the number of shares available for awards by million shares. On June 3, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved a Third Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which among other things increased the number of shares available for awards by million shares. 

76 

Table of Contents 

Risk-free interest rate (1) 

Dividend yield (2) 

Expected volatility (3) 

Expected life in months (4) 

months

months

. 

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled/expired

Outstanding at December 31, 2022

Exercisable at December 31, 2022

Options activity performance based

Outstanding at December 31, 2021

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled/expired

Outstanding at December 31, 2022

Exercisable at December 31, 2022

Options activity all options

Outstanding at December 31, 2021

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled/expired

Outstanding at December 31, 2022

Exercisable at December 31, 2022

77 

Table of Contents 

Tax benefit / (expense) realized for stock options exercised

Intrinsic value of stock options exercised

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Nonvested at December 31, 2022

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Nonvested at December 31, 2022

, and million of expense related to
 service condition stock options in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; and recognized million, million and million of expense
 related to service condition restricted stock units in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For performance stock options and performance stock units, an expense is recorded each period for the estimated expense associated with the projected
 achievement of the performance-based targets. The Company recognized million of income, million of expense and million of expense related to
 performance stock options in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; and expense related to performance stock units in 2022, 2021 and
 2020. The amount in 2022 reflects the reversal of stock compensation for awards no longer expected to vest.

million of
 unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested stock option awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized
 stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 
 years.

78 

Table of Contents 

Derivative financial instruments asset

Life insurance contracts

Contingent consideration

Total

Derivative financial instruments asset 

Life insurance contracts

Contingent consideration 

Total

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that is restricted for the Company s voluntary participation in a consumer protection
 cooperative in South Korea, along with investments in corporate securities.

79 

Table of Contents 

Actual return on plan assets

Purchases and issuances

Sales and settlements

Ending balance at December 31

Additions from acquisitions

Changes in fair value of contingent consideration

Ending balance at December 31

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made an additional investment of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of upward fair value adjustments, based on the third quarter of 2021 valuation of additional equity issued by the investee which was deemed to be an observable
 transaction of a similar investment under ASC 321. The gain was recorded within Other income (expense), net on the consolidated statement of income. The upward fair value adjustment represents a nonrecurring fair value measurement based on
 observable price changes and is classified as a level 2 fair value measurement.

Foreign

Total

State

Foreign

Deferred

Federal

State

Foreign

Provision for income taxes

80 

Table of Contents 

Foreign tax credit and other foreign benefits

Stock-based compensation

Accrued expenses not deductible until paid

Foreign currency exchange

Net operating losses

Capitalized research and development

R D credit carryforward

Other

Gross deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Foreign currency exchange

Foreign withholding taxes

Intangibles step-up

Overhead allocation to inventory

Amortization of intangibles

Other

Gross deferred tax liabilities

Valuation allowance

Deferred taxes, net

million for tax purposes, which will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used, million of carryforwards will expire between 2023 and 2042 , while million do not expire. A
 valuation allowance has been placed on foreign operating loss carryforwards of million, tax effected the valuation on the net
 operating loss is million. In addition, a valuation allowance of million has been recorded on a portion of the foreign tax credit carryforwards which will expire between 2028 and 2031 , and all of the R D credit carryforward of million which will expire between 2036 
 and 2041 .

million from the utilization of foreign tax credits and the release of
 valuation allowances. This change only impacts a portion of the Company s foreign tax credit carryforwards and the Company will maintain a valuation allowance against the remaining balance of foreign tax credit carryforwards . The remaining valuation allowances were recognized for assets which it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In making
 such determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary difference, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations.
 When the Company determines that there is sufficient positive evidence to utilize the remaining foreign tax credits, the foreign net operating losses, or the R D credit carryforward, the valuation allowance will be released which would reduce
 the provision for income taxes.

Additions charged to cost and expenses

(1) 

(4) 

(6) 

Decreases

(2) 

(5) 

(7) 

Adjustments

(3) 

(3) 

(3) 

Balance at the end of the period

million of foreign tax credits and the valuation allowance release of million foreign tax credits. 

million that was recorded on the foreign tax credit carryforward due to the disposal of the Company s Grow Tech segment. The additional
 amount is due to net operating losses in foreign markets. 

decreases in 2021. 

81 

Table of Contents 

Net noncurrent deferred tax liabilities

Deferred taxes, net

Excess tax benefit from equity award

Deferred compensation 

Executive salary limitation 

Non-U.S. income taxed at different rates

Foreign withholding taxes

Change in reserve for uncertain tax positions

Valuation allowance recognized foreign tax credit others

Foreign-Derived Intangible Income (FDII)

Other

million, at December 31, 2022. If this amount were repatriated to the United States, the amount of incremental taxes would be approximately million.

of their compensation, subject to limitations established by the IRS. Employees age and older are eligible to contribute to the plan starting the first day of employment. After completing at least of service, employees are eligible to receive matching contributions from the Company. In 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company provided matching contributions of up to of employees compensation each year. The Company s matching contributions cliff vest after of service. The Company recorded compensation expense of million, million and million for the years
 ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to its contributions to the plan. The Company may make additional discretionary contributions to the plan of up to of employees base pay. The Company s discretionary contributions vest 
 per year for an employee s first of service. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not make any
 additional discretionary contributions.

82 

Table of Contents 

of base salary for

participants above a specified job level. In addition, each participant has the option to defer a portion of their compensation up to a maximum of 
 of their base salary and of their bonuses or director fees. Participant contributions are immediately vested. Company contributions
 made on or prior to December 31, 2020 will vest after of service and each year of
 service thereafter. In addition, any unvested company contributions will fully vest on the earlier of: (a) the participant attaining 
 of age; and (b) death or disability.

of base salary for participants above a specified job level. The revision continues to authorize the Company to make discretionary contributions to participants deferred compensation accounts . In view of the opportunity to receive a match, the Company reduced its discretionary contributions to of base salary each year , though the Company is not obligated to make these contributions . Under the revision, the amounts contributed by
 the Company, adjusted for earnings and losses thereon, will vest per year over , subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of certain events, including the completion of at least of employment above a specified job level. All amounts a participant elects to defer, adjusted for earnings and losses thereon, are vested at all times.

million,
 million and 
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to its contributions to the plan. The total long-term deferred compensation liability under the deferred compensation plan was million and million for the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to its contributions to the plan and is included in other long-term liabilities.

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

million will be reclassified as a reduction to interest expense.

outstanding
 interest rate derivatives that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk with a total notional amount of million.

83 

Table of Contents 

Interest Rate Swap - Asset

Other assets

segments, consisting of its geographic Nu Skin segments Americas, Mainland China, Southeast Asia/Pacific, South Korea, Japan,
 EMEA, and Hong Kong/Taiwan and Rhyz Investments segments Manufacturing and Rhyz other. The Nu Skin other category includes
 miscellaneous corporate revenue and related adjustments. The Rhyz other segment includes other investments by our Rhyz strategic investment arm. These segments reflect the way the chief operating decision maker evaluates the Company s business
 performance and allocates resources. Reported revenue includes only the revenue generated by sales to external customers.

84 

Table of Contents 

Mainland China

Southeast Asia/Pacific

South Korea

Japan

EMEA

Hong Kong/Taiwan

Nu Skin Other

Total Nu Skin

Rhyz Investments

Manufacturing (1) 

Rhyz Other 

Total Rhyz Investments

Total

million, million and million of intersegment revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Intersegment revenue is eliminated
 in the consolidated financial statements and in the table above. 

Mainland China

Southeast Asia/Pacific

South Korea

Japan

EMEA

Hong Kong/Taiwan

Nu Skin contribution

Rhyz Investments

Manufacturing

Rhyz Other

Rhyz Investments contribution

Total segment contribution

Corporate and other

Operating income

Other income (expense)

Income before provision for income taxes

85 

Table of Contents 

Mainland China

Southeast Asia/Pacific

South Korea

Japan

EMEA

Hong Kong/Taiwan

Total Nu Skin

Rhyz Investments

Manufacturing

Rhyz Other 

Total Rhyz Investments

Corporate and other

Total

Mainland China

Southeast Asia/Pacific

South Korea

Japan

EMEA

Hong Kong/Taiwan

Total Nu Skin

Rhyz Investments

Manufacturing

Rhyz Other 

Total Rhyz Investments

Corporate and other

Total

major markets: Mainland China, South Korea, United States, and Japan. There are approximately other markets, each of which individually is less than 10 . No single customer accounted for 10 or more of net sales
 for the periods presented. Sales are recorded in the jurisdiction in which the transactions occurred:

Mainland China

South Korea

Japan

All others

Total

86 

Table of Contents 

Wellness 

Other 

Total

Mainland China

South Korea

Japan

All others

Total

million, million and million of expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other income (expense), net
 includes million, 
 million and million in interest expense during 2022, 2021 and 2020 ,
 respectively.

million, million and million for the
 years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Cash paid for income taxes totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively.

87 

Table of Contents 

ownership in MyFavoriteThings, Inc. Mavely making Mavely a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The acquisition enables the Company to continue to expand its digital tools. The purchase price for Mavely was million, net of cash acquired of 
 million and million to be paid within six months, all payable in cash. In addition, there is potential for an incremental million in contingent consideration, which becomes payable if certain revenue and profitability targets are reached in 2021, 2022 and 2023. The
 fair value of the contingent consideration recorded on the acquisition date was million. The Company allocated the gross purchase
 price of million to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at estimated fair values. The estimated fair value of assets
 acquired included million of intangible assets, million of cash, million of accounts receivable, and also resulted in
 a deferred tax liability of million. The excess purchase price over the aggregate fair value of assets acquired less liabilities
 assumed of million was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill recognized is attributable primarily to expected synergies. None of the
 goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The intangible assets acquired were comprised of million for customer
 relationships, million for technology, million for trademarks and million for other intangibles. The
 intangibles were assigned useful lives of for the technology and trademarks, approximately for the customer relationships and 
 for the other intangibles. All the goodwill was assigned to our Rhyz other segment. The allocation of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the acquisition was finalized during the three months ended September 30, 2021.

million in 2021 , including million for impairment of
 goodwill, million for impairment of intangibles , million of fixed asset impairments and million for inventory write-off , and million of cash charges, including 
 million for employee severance and million for other related cash charges with our restructuring. The restructuring charges
 were recorded in the Grow Tech segment. As of December 31, 2021, the million liability related to cash charges was recorded
 within Accrued expenses. During 2022, the Company incurred million in incremental cash charges associated with the exit
 activities and legal settlements. During 2022, the Company made cash payments of million, leaving a restructuring accrual of
 million as of December 31, 2022.

million , with million in cash charges of severance and lease termination cost and approximately

million of non-cash charges of
 impairment of fixed assets, acceleration of depreciation and impairment of other intangibles related to the footprint optimization. The Company expects to substantially complete the program during the first half of 2023. During 2022, the Company incurred charges to be settled in cash of 
 million in severance charges, 
 million in lease termination cost, and 
 million in other associated cost, and non-cash charges of million in fixed asset impairments, million in accelerated depreciation and million in impairment of other intangibles.
 During 2022, the Company made cash payments of million related to this global program, leaving an ending restructuring accrual of million . 

Mainland China

Southeast Asia/Pacific

South Korea

Japan

EMEA

Hong Kong/Taiwan

Total Nu Skin

Rhyz Investments

Manufacturing

Rhyz other

Total Rhyz Investments

Corporate and other

Total

88 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022
 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the rela ted
 notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal

Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial
 reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on
 the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
 the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective int ernal control over financial reporting was maintained
 in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
 financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
 statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over
 financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
 the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
 preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
 evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

89 

Table of Contents 

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
 judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
 on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Income Taxes

As described in Notes 2 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded a benefit for income taxes of 16 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and reported 89 million in deferred tax assets net of a valuation allowance of 34 million and 54 million in deferred tax liabilities. The Company also
 reported uncertain tax positions of 23 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company pays income taxes in many foreign jurisdictions based on the profits realized in those jurisdictions, which can be significantly impacted by terms of intercompany
 transactions between the Company and its foreign affiliates. The Company takes an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting of income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are created in this process and are
 calculated using anticipated tax rates and are then netted by jurisdiction. Management establishes valuation allowances when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be ultimately realized. The Company has recorded
 unrecognized tax benefits related to multiple foreign and domestic jurisdictions. As disclosed by management, potential changes in unrecognized tax benefits can arise from the multiple jurisdictions in which the Company operates, as well as the
 expiration of various statutes of limitation and possible completion of tax examinations.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to income taxes is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by
 management when developing the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which in turn, led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing audit procedures and
 evaluating audit evidence relating to these account balances and tax positions; and (ii) the audit effort included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial
 statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to income taxes. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the accuracy of the global income tax provision, including the rate reconciliation,
 return to provision adjustments, and permanent and temporary differences; (ii) evaluating management s assessment of the realizability of deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis; iii evaluating the identification of reserves for uncertain tax positions and the reasonableness of the more likely than not determination in consideration of the expiration of various statutes of limitations, changes
 in tax law and regulations, terms of intercompany agreements, and issuance of tax rulings and settlements with tax authorities. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the reasonableness of
 management s estimates and application of local and international income tax law.

/s/ 

February 15, 2023

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1994, which includes periods before the Company became subject to SEC reporting requirements.

90 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . Under the supervision and with the participation
 of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). Disclosure controls and procedures are the controls and other procedures that we designed to ensure that we record, process, summarize and report in a timely manner the
 information we must disclose in reports that we file with or submit to the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, and they include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is
 accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
 our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
 internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and
 expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors; and

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
 subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed, as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our
 internal control over financial reporting. This assessment was based on criteria established in the framework Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as
 stated in their report which appears herein.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . There was no change during the fiscal
 quarter ended December 31, 2022 in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
 financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable.

91 

Table of Contents 

PART III

The information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement
 for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after our fiscal year end, except for certain information required by Item 10 with respect to our executive officers which is set
 forth under Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

PART IV

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Documents filed as part of this Form 10-K:

1. 

Financial Statements . See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of Part II.

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules. N/A

3. 

Exhibits. References to the Company shall mean Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. Unless otherwise noted, the SEC file number for exhibits incorporated by reference is 001-12421.

3.1

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 16, 1996, file no. 333-12073). 

3.2

Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, filed March 1, 2010). 

3.3

Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Relative Participating, Optional and Other Special Rights of Preferred Stock
 and Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions Thereof (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, filed March 15, 2005). 

3.4

Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 10, 2017). 

4.1

Specimen Form of Stock Certificate for Class A Common Stock. 

4.2

Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed February 13, 2020). 

10.1

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, various financial institutions, and Bank of
 America, N.A. as administrative agent, dated as of June 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 17, 2022). 

#10.2

Amended and Restated Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan Amended Restated 2010
 Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2013). 

#10.3

Form of Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed March 2, 2015). 

#10.4

Form of Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Performance Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed February 27, 2017). 

92 

Table of Contents 

#10.5

Second Amended and Restated Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan Second Amended and Restated 2010
 Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 24, 2016). 

#10.6

Form of Second Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed February 27, 2017). 

#10.7

Form of Second Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Performance Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed February 13, 2020). 

#10.8

Form of Second Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Director Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed February 27, 2017). 

#10.9

Form of Second Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Non-U.S. Director Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed February 27, 2017). 

#10.10

Third Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed June 3, 2020, file no. 333-238908). 

#10.11

Form of Third Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement. 

#10.12

Form of Third Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Grant
 Agreement. 

#10.13

Form of Third Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant
 Agreement. 

#10.14

Form of Third Amended and Restated 2010 Plan Performance Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed February 11, 2021). 

#10.15

Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. 2009 Key Employee Death Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, filed February 23, 2011). 

#10.16

Fourth Amended and Restated Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January
 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed February 16, 2022). 

#10.17

Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its Executive Officers and Directors (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, filed November 4, 2016). 

#10.18

Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. Executive Severance Policy, amended and restated effective
 as of January 4, 2023. 

#10.19

Employment Agreement between the Company and Joseph Y. Chang, effective as of October 15, 2020
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 20, 2020). 

93 

Table of Contents 

21.1

Subsidiaries of the Company. 

23.1

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 

31.1

Certification by Ryan S. Napierski, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule
 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2

Certification by Mark H. Lawrence, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule
 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1

Certification by Ryan S. Napierski, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section
 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2

Certification by Mark H. Lawrence, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 1350,
 Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

Filed or furnished herewith.

# 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None.

94 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized on February 15, 2023.

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

By:

/s/ Ryan. S. Napierski

Ryan S. Napierski

President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on
 February 15, 2023.

Signatures

Capacity in Which Signed

/s/ Steven J. Lund

Executive Chairman of the Board

Steven J. Lund

/s/ Ryan S. Napierski

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Ryan S. Napierski

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Mark H. Lawrence

Chief Financial Officer

Mark H. Lawrence

(Principal Financial Officer)

/s/ James D. Thomas

Chief Accounting Officer

James D. Thomas

(Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ Emma S. Battle

Director

Emma S. Battle

/s/ Daniel W. Campbell

Director

Daniel W. Campbell

/s/ Andrew D. Lipman

Director

Andrew D. Lipman

/s/ Laura Nathanson

Director

Laura Nathanson

/s/ Thomas R. Pisano

Director

Thomas R. Pisano

/s/ Zheqing Shen

Director

Zheqing Shen

/s/ Edwina D. Woodbury

Director

Edwina D. Woodbury

95 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 brhc10046901_ex4-1.htm
 SPECIMEN FORM OF STOCK CERTIFICATE FOR CLASS A COMMON STOCK

Exhibit 4.1 

CLASS A COMMMON STOCK

 NUMBER

CLASS A COMMON STOCK

 SHARES

CUSIP 67018T 10 5

 SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

 INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE

This Certifies That

is the owner of

FULLY PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE SHARES OF CLASS A COMMON STOCK OF THE PAR VALUE OF .001 EACH OF

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES

transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holder hereof in person or by duly authorized attorney upon

 surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed.

This Certificate is not valid unless countersigned by the Transfer Agent and registered by the Registrar.

Witness the facsimile seal of the Corporation and the signatures of its duly authorized officers.

Dated:

[Seal]

PRESIDENT CEO

CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

COUNTERSIGNED AND REGISTERED:

 EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC

 TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

 BY

AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

The record holder of this Certificate may obtain from the Secretary of the Corporation, upon request and without charge, a full statement of the designations, relative
 rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of each class authorized to be issued; the designations, relative rights, preferences and limitations of each series of preferred shares authorized to be issued so far as the same have been
 fixed; and the authority of the Board of Directors to designate and fix the relative rights, preferences and limitations of other series.

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to
 applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM -

as tenants in common

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT- ________________Custodian __________________

 (Cust) (Minor)

 under Uniform Gifts to Minors 

 Act _______________________

 (State)

TEN ENT -

as tenants by the entireties

JT TEN -

as joint tenants with right of survivorship

 and not as tenants in common

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

For value received, _______________________________ hereby sell, assign and transfer unto

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE

PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS OF ASSIGNEE

Shares 

of the capital stock represented by the within Certificate, and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint 
 Attorney to transfer the said stock on the books of the within-named Corporation with full power of substitution in the promises.

Dated, 

X 

X

NOTICE: THE SIGNATURE(S) TO THIS ASSIGNMENT MUST CORRESPOND WITH THE NAME(S) AS WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THE CERTIFICAE IN EVERY PARTICULAR, WITHOUT ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT, OR ANY CHANGE WHATEVER. 

SIGNATURE(S) GUARANTEED 

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR

 INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND

 CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE

 MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15.

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 brhc10046901_ex10-11.htm
 FORM OF THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 PLAN RSU GRANT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.11 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 

 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, Participant s award information (the Award Summary ), which can be accessed on the Morgan Stanley stock plan website (currently www.stockplanconnect.com) or the website of any
 other stock plan administrator selected by the Company in the future, and the Appendix for Participant s country contained in this agreement, if any, (collectively, this Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units
 granted to Participant under the Third Amended and Restated Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ). In the event of a conflict between (i) the terms and conditions of the Plan; and (ii) the terms and conditions of this
 Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the same defined meaning assigned to them in the Plan.

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units. 

1.1 Grant of Restricted Stock Units. Effective as of the date of grant specified in the Award Summary (the Grant Date ), the
 Company grants to Participant an award of the number of Restricted Stock Units as set forth in the Award Summary. Each Restricted Stock Unit is a bookkeeping entry representing the Company s unfunded promise to deliver one Share on the terms
 provided herein and in the Plan.

1.2 Vesting of Restricted Stock Units. The Restricted Stock Units shall vest on the dates (the Vesting Dates and in the amounts determined by the Committee
 and set forth in the Award Summary, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, including pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 4.

1.3 Termination of Continuous Service. In the event Participant s Continuous Service (as defined below) is terminated for any
 reason prior to the full vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder shall terminate to the extent they are not vested as of the termination of Participant s Continuous Service, as determined in accordance with
 Section 9(h) below, and Participant shall not have any right to receive any Shares subject to such unvested Restricted Stock Units.

For purposes of this Agreement:

Continuous Service means that Participant s service with the Company or a Subsidiary, whether as an Employee, Director, or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. Participant s Continuous Service shall not be
 deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which Participant renders service to the Company or a Subsidiary as an Employee, Consultant, or Director, or a change in the entity for which Participant renders such service,
 provided that there is no interruption or termination of Participant s Continuous Service. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of a Subsidiary or a Director will not constitute an interruption of
 Continuous Service. Subject to the requirements of applicable law, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any leave of absence approved by the Company or a
 Subsidiary, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave.

1 

1.4 Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. Subject to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, Restricted Stock Units shall be
 settled in Shares, provided that Participant has satisfied any Tax-Related Items pursuant to Section 8 below. Shares will be issued to Participant within 70 days following the applicable Vesting Date unless subject to the terms of the Company s
 deferred compensation plan; provided, however, that if the Participant is subject to taxation in the U.S. (a U.S. Taxpayer ), the Restricted Stock Units vest pursuant to Section 1.6 below and the Restricted Stock Units are considered non-qualified
 deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code Code Section 409A, and such compensation, Deferred Compensation ), the Shares will be issued in accordance with the following schedule: (i) if the termination event giving rise to the
 vesting acceleration occurs prior to the Change in Control and the Change in Control constitutes a change in control event (within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i)) (a 409A CIC ), the Shares will be issued on the date of
 the Change in Control, and if the Change in Control does not constitute a 409A CIC, the Shares will be issued on the date that is six months following the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) (a
 Separation from Service (ii) if the termination event giving rise to the vesting acceleration occurs on or following the Change in Control and the Change in Control constitutes a 409A CIC, then the Shares will be issued within 30 days following
 the Participant s Separation from Service, and if the Change in Control is not a 409A CIC, then the Shares will be issued on the date that is six months following the Participant s Separation from Service.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of complying with Code Section 409A, if the Participant is a U.S. Taxpayer, the Restricted Stock Units are considered Deferred Compensation and the Restricted Stock Units
 are to be settled in connection with a termination contemplated under Section 1.6 below, the Company and the Participant shall take all steps necessary (including with regard to any post-termination services by the Participant) to ensure that a
 termination contemplated under Section 1.6 constitutes a Separation from Service. In addition, if the Restricted Stock Units are Deferred Compensation, the Restricted Stock Units are settled upon the Participant s Separation from Service and the
 Participant is a specified employee, within the meaning of Code Section 409A, on the date the Participant experiences a Separation from Service, then the Shares will be issued on the first business day of the seventh month following the
 Participant s Separation from Service, or, if earlier, on the date of the Participant s death, to the extent such delayed payment is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Code Section 409A.

1.5 Stockholder Rights. Unless and until Shares are issued by the Company after the Vesting Date, Participant shall have none of
 the rights or privileges of a shareholder of the Company (including voting, dividend and liquidation rights) with respect to the Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Units.

1.6 Change in Control. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if, within six months prior to and in
 connection with a Change in Control or within two years following such Change in Control, Participant s employment is terminated (i) by the Company and its Subsidiaries without Cause, or (ii) by Participant for Good Reason, the vesting of the
 Restricted Stock Units governed by this Agreement shall be accelerated such that all such Restricted Stock Units shall be deemed to be vested in full immediately prior to the termination of Participant s employment.

2 

For purposes of this Agreement:

Cause shall mean that Participant has engaged in any one of the following:

(a) a material breach by Participant of the Company s Employee Covenants Agreement, other employee covenants or any employment agreement, which breach is not cured within any applicable cure
 period set forth the respective document

(b) any willful violation by Participant of any material law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(c) Participant s conviction of, or a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or any willful perpetration of common law fraud (or analogous violation of law in a jurisdiction outside
 the United States); or

(d) any other willful misconduct by Participant that is materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of, or is otherwise materially injurious to, the Company or any
 of its Subsidiaries.

For purposes of the foregoing, in determining whether a material breach has occurred, or whether there has been a willful violation of a material law or regulation, the standard shall be a breach or violation that
 is, or will reasonably likely be, materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of, or is, or will reasonably likely be, otherwise materially injurious to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Good Reason shall mean the occurrence any of the following events that result in a material negative change to Participant:

(a) without Participant s consent, a material reduction in the scope of Participant s duties and responsibilities or the level of management to which Participant reports;

(b) without Participant s consent, a reduction in base salary (other than an across-the-board reduction of not more than 10 applicable to all similarly situated employees);

(c) without Participant s consent, a material reduction in Participant s benefits in the aggregate (in terms of benefit levels) from those provided to Participant under any employee benefit
 plan, program and practice in which Participant participates;

(d) without Participant s consent, a relocation of Participant s principal place of employment of more than 50 miles from Participant s primary residence;

(e) the failure of the Company to have a successor entity specifically assume this Agreement or any employment agreement within 10 business days after a Change in Control; or

3 

(f) a material breach by the Company a successor entity of this Agreement or any employment agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall only be found to exist if Participant, not later than 90 days after the initial occurrence of an event deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason, has
 provided 30 days written notice to the Company prior to Participant s resignation indicating and describing the event resulting in such Good Reason, and the Company does not cure such event (other than the event in clause vi), which shall not be
 subject to cure) within 90 days following the receipt of such notice from Participant.

2. Securities Law Compliance. Participant represents that Participant has received and carefully read a
 copy of the Prospectus for the Plan, together with the Company s most recent Annual Report to Stockholders. Participant hereby acknowledges that Participant is aware of the risks associated with the Shares and that there can be no assurance the
 price of the Shares will not decrease in the future. Participant hereby acknowledges no representations or statements have been made to Participant concerning the value or potential value of the Shares. Participant acknowledges that Participant has
 relied only on information contained in the Prospectus and has received no representations, written or oral, from the Company or its employees, attorneys or agents, other than those contained in the Prospectus or this Agreement. Participant
 acknowledges that the Company has made no representations or recommendations, and is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. 
 Participant is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.

3. Transfer Restrictions. Participant shall not transfer, assign, sell, encumber, pledge, grant a security
 interest in or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement in any manner other than by the laws of descent or distribution. Any such transfer, assignment, sale, encumbrance, pledge, security interest or disposition
 shall be void.

4. Forfeiture. If, at any time during Participant s Continuous Service or at any time during the 12-month
 period following termination of Participant s Continuous Service, Participant engages in conduct that constitutes Cause (as defined above), then at the election of the Committee, (a) this Agreement and all unvested Restricted Stock Units granted
 hereunder shall terminate, and (b) Participant shall return to the Company for cancellation all Shares held by Participant plus pay the Company the amount of any proceeds received from the sale of any Shares, to the extent such Shares were issued
 pursuant to Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement that vested (i) during the 12-month period immediately preceding the Cause, or (ii) on the date of or at any time after such Cause.

The forfeiture provisions of this Section 4 shall be applied by the Committee, at its discretion, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable laws. Further, these provisions are in addition to, and not in lieu
 of, any recoupment requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or under other applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange listing standards, including, without limitation, Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
 Protection Act of 2010 or Section 10D of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in the Plan. Participant expressly agrees that the Company may take such
 actions as are necessary or appropriate to effectuate the foregoing (as applicable to Participant) or applicable law without further consent or action being required by Participant. For purposes of the foregoing and as a condition to the grant,
 Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on Participant s behalf, to Morgan Stanley (or any other stock plan service provider engaged by the Company to administer awards granted under the Plan) to re-convey,
 transfer or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company.

4 

5. Governing Plan Document. This Agreement incorporates by reference all of the terms and conditions of the
 Plan, as presently existing and as hereafter amended. Participant expressly acknowledges and agrees that the terms and provisions of this Agreement are subject in all respects to the provisions of the Plan. Participant also expressly:

(a) Acknowledges receipt of the Plan and represents that Participant is familiar with the provisions of the Plan, and that Participant enters into this Agreement subject to all of the
 provisions of the Plan;

(b) Recognizes that the Committee has been granted complete authority to administer the Plan in its sole discretion, and agrees to accept all decisions related to the Plan and all
 interpretations of the Plan made by the Committee as final and conclusive upon Participant and upon all persons at any time claiming any interest through Participant in the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares subject to this Agreement; and

(c) Acknowledges and understands that the establishment of the Plan and the existence of this Agreement are not sufficient, in and of themselves, to exempt Participant from the requirements
 of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, and that Participant (to the extent Section 16(b) applies to Participant) shall not be exempt from such requirements pursuant to Rule 16b-3 unless and until
 Participant shall comply with all applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3, including without limitation, the possible requirement that Participant must not sell or otherwise dispose of any Shares acquired pursuant to Restricted Stock Units unless and
 until a period of at least six months shall have elapsed between the Grant Date and the date upon which Participant desires to sell or otherwise dispose of such Shares.

6. Representations and Warranties. As a condition to the receipt of any Shares upon vesting of the
 Restricted Stock Units, the Company may require Participant to make any representations and warranties to the Company that legal counsel to the Company may determine to be required or advisable under any applicable law or regulation, including
 without limitation, representations and warranties that the Shares are being acquired only for investment and without any present intention or view to sell or distribute any such Shares.

5 

7. Compliance With Law and Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement,
 unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares issuable upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units prior to
 the completion of any registration or qualification of the Shares under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other
 governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem
 necessary or advisable. Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for
 the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, Participant agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement without Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws
 applicable to issuance of Shares.

8. Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company
 or, if different, Participant s employer (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan
 and legally applicable to Participant or deemed by the Company or the Employer in its discretion to be an appropriate charge to Participant even if legally applicable to the Company or the Employer Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Participant s
 responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any
 Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at settlement and the receipt of
 any dividends; and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax
 result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related
 Items in more than one jurisdiction.

In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items.

Full payment of the Tax-Related Items shall be made by any of the following, or a combination thereof, subject to the Committee s or Company s right to eliminate, prior to vesting, any of the following as permissible
 payment methods: (i) in cash or cash equivalents (including certified check, bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds); (ii) by tendering previously acquired Shares (either actually or by attestation) valued at their then-Fair
 Market Value; (iii) by withholding Shares otherwise issuable in connection with the vesting of the RSUs; (iv) through same-day voluntary or involuntary (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization) sales through a broker if permitted by
 the Company s Securities Trading Policy; (v) withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and/or the Employer; or (vi) any combination of any of the foregoing. In the absence of Participant s
 timely election or in the event Section 16(b) applies to Participant, the Company will withhold in Shares upon the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable. In the event that such withholding in Shares is problematic under applicable
 tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, the Participant authorizes and directs the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligation with
 regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the methods above.

6 

Depending on the withholding method, the Company and/or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable withholding rates in Participant s jurisdiction(s) (up to the rate that will
 not cause an adverse accounting consequence or cost, including pursuant to ASC Topic 718, as applicable). If the Company and/or the Employer withhold more than the amount necessary to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items, Participant may
 receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent Shares, or if not refunded, Participant may be able to seek a refund from the applicable tax authorities. If the Company and/or the Employer withhold
 less than the amount necessary to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items, Participant may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and/or the Employer. If the obligation for
 Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back
 solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.

Participant agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Participant s participation in the
 Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if Participant fails to comply with Participant s obligations in connection with the
 Tax-Related Items.

9. Nature of Grant. In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges, understands and
 agrees that:

(a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent
 permitted by the Plan;

(b) the grant of Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of Restricted Stock Units, or
 benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units even if Restricted Stock Units have been awarded in the past;

(c) nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon Participant any right to continue in the employment or service of the Employer, the Company or any Subsidiary or be interpreted
 as forming or amending an employment or services contract with the Employer, the Company or any Subsidiary and shall not interfere with or restrict any way the ability of the Employer, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, to terminate
 Participant s employment or service relationship, if any;

(d) all decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee and/or Company;

(e) Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary;

7 

(f) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and unpredictable;

(g) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not granted as
 consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of any entity of the Company;

(h) in the event of the termination of Participant s Continuous Service (as defined above) (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment
 laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any), unless otherwise determined by the Company, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will
 terminate as of the date Participant is no longer actively rendering services and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice
 period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any); the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion
 to determine when Participant is no longer providing Continuous Service for purposes of this Agreement, including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing active service while on a leave of absence; and

(i) Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose,
 including, but not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar
 mandatory payments;

(j) Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;

(k) Restricted Stock Units are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for service of any kind rendered to the Company or to the Employer, and Restricted
 Stock Units are outside of the scope of Participant s employment agreement, if any;

l no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of
 Participant s Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any); and

(m) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Subsidiary of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between
 Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired
 upon settlement.

8 

10. Data Privacy Notice and Consent. Participant hereby explicitly and
 unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data, as described in this Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer,
 the Company and Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 

Participant understands that the Employer, the Company and Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name,
 home address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, passport information, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company,
 details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares or other equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
 administering and managing the Plan.

Participant understands that Data will be transferred to Morgan Stanley, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is
 assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United
 States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential
 recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company, Morgan Stanley and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing,
 administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of
 such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the Shares received upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units may be deposited. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to
 implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and
 processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or
 she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her employment status or service with the Employer will not be affected; the only
 consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company may not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that
 refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of his or her refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may
 contact his or her local human resources representative.

Upon request of the Company or the Employer, Participant agrees to provide an executed data privacy form (or any other agreements or consents) that the Company and/or the Employer
 may deem necessary to obtain from Participant for the purpose of administering Participant s participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in Participant s country, either now or in the future. Participant understands and agrees
 that he or she will not be able to participate in the Plan if Participant fails to provide any such consent or agreement as requested by the Company and/or the Employer.

9 

11. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

11.1 Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal
 delivery or upon deposit in the sender s local mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid and properly addressed to the party entitled to such notice at the latest address on file or at such other address as such party may designate by ten days
 advance written notice under this Section to all other parties to this Agreement.

11.2 Waiver. The failure of the Company in any instance to exercise any rights under this Agreement, including the forfeiture
 rights under Section 4, shall not constitute a waiver of any other rights that may subsequently arise under the provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Participant. Participant acknowledges that no waiver by the
 Company of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other Participant, whether of like or different nature.

11.3 Imposition of Other Requirements Participant Undertaking. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements
 on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Participant hereby agrees to
 take whatever additional action and execute whatever additional documents the Company may deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out the foregoing or one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed on either Participant or the Shares
 pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

11.4 Entire Contract. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to
 the subject matter contained herein. This Agreement is made pursuant to, and incorporates by reference, the provisions of the Plan and shall in all respects be construed in conformity with the terms of the Plan.

11.5 Language. Participant acknowledges that he or she is sufficiently proficient in English, or, alternatively, Participant
 acknowledges that he or she will seek appropriate assistance to understand the terms and conditions in this Agreement. Furthermore, if Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other
 than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.

10 

11.6 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to
 current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by
 the Company or a third party designated by the Company.

11.7 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and
 its successors and assigns and upon Participant, Participant s permitted assigns and the legal representatives, heirs and legatees of Participant s estate, whether or not any such person shall have become a party to this Agreement and have agreed in
 writing to join herein and be bound by the terms hereof. Participant may not assign this Agreement other than by the laws of descent and distribution.

11.8 Severability. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be
 severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

11.9 Governing Law and Choice of Venue. The Restricted Stock Units and the provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by, and
 subject to, the laws of the State of Utah, United States, without regard to the conflict of law provisions, as provided in the Plan. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Agreement or this grant of Restricted Stock Units, the
 parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Utah, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of Utah County, Utah, or the federal courts of the United States for
 the District of Utah, where this grant is made and/or to be performed.

11.10 Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms
 and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the
 extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.

11.11 Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that, depending on Participant s country, broker s
 country, or where Shares are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading and/or market abuse laws which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to such shares (e.g., Restricted Stock
 Units) or rights linked to the value of Shares under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have material nonpublic information or inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the relevant
 jurisdiction). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing
 inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or
 regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy, and the requirements of applicable laws may or may not be consistent with the terms of the Company s insider trading
 policy. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter.

11 

11.12 Exchange Control Tax and Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements . 
 Participant acknowledges that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in
 the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage, bank account or legal entity outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, balances, assets and/or the related
 transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a
 designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details.
 Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consents to any and all actions taken by the Company or the Employer as may be required to allow the Company or the Employer to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in Participant s
 country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in
 Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 

11.13 Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units and issuance of Shares thereunder are intended to comply with Code Section 409A and
 the U.S. Treasury Regulations relating thereto so as not to subject the Participant to the payment of additional taxes and interest under Code Section 409A or other adverse tax consequences. In furtherance of this intent, the provisions of this
 Agreement will be interpreted, operated, and administered in a manner consistent with these intentions. The Committee may modify the terms of this Agreement, the Plan or both, without the consent of the Participant, in the manner that the Committee
 may determine to be necessary or advisable in order to comply with Code Section 409A or to mitigate any additional tax, interest and/or penalties or other adverse tax consequences that may apply under Code Section 409A if compliance is not
 practical. This Section 11.12 does not create an obligation on the part of the Company to modify the terms of this Agreement or the Plan and does not guarantee that the Restricted Stock Units or the delivery of Shares upon vesting/settlement of the
 Restricted Stock Units will not be subject to taxes, interest and penalties or any other adverse tax consequences under Code Section 409A. Nothing in this Agreement shall provide a basis for any person to take any action against the Company or any
 of its Subsidiaries based on matters covered by Code Section 409A, including the tax treatment of any amounts paid under this Agreement, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will have any liability under any circumstances to the
 Participant or any other party if the Restricted Stock Units, the delivery of Shares upon vesting/settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or other payment or tax event hereunder that is intended to be exempt from, or compliant with, Code Section
 409A, is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Committee with respect thereto. Further, settlement of any portion of the Restricted Stock Units that is Deferred Compensation may not be accelerated or postponed except to the
 extent permitted by Code Section 409A.

By electronically accepting this Agreement and participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions in the Plan and this Agreement, including the Appendix. Within
 six months of the Grant Date, if Participant has not electronically accepted this Agreement on Morgan Stanley s website, or the website of any other stock plan service provider appointed by the Company, and has not otherwise rejected the grant, then
 this award shall automatically be deemed accepted, and Participant shall be bound by the terms and conditions in the Plan and this Agreement, including the Appendix.

12 

APPENDIX

FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S.

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 2010 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 

 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms in this Appendix shall have the same defined meaning assigned to them in the Plan and the Agreement.

This Appendix includes special country-specific terms and conditions that apply to Participants in the countries listed below. This Appendix is part of the Agreement. This Appendix also includes information of which
 Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. For example, certain individual exchange control reporting requirements may apply upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and/or sale of Shares. The information is
 based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2022 and is provided for informational purposes. Such laws are often complex and change frequently, and results may be different based on
 the particular facts and circumstances. As a result, the Company recommends that Participant does not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in the Plan
 because the information may be out of date at the time the Restricted Stock Units vest or are settled, or Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan.

In addition, the information is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant
 should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to his or her situation.

Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which he or she currently is residing and/or working, transfers employment after the Restricted Stock Units are granted to him or her,
 or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the terms and conditions and/or notifications contained herein may not be applicable to him or her, and the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent such terms
 and conditions contained herein shall apply to him or her.

DATA PRIVACY PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO GRANTEES IN THE EUROPEAN UNION/EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 

The following provision replaces Section 10 of the Agreement: 

Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, Participant is hereby notified that the
 Company collects, processes, uses and transfers certain personally-identifiable information about Participant for the exclusive legitimate purpose of granting Restricted Stock Units and implementing, administering and managing Participant s
 participation in the Plan. Specifics of the data processing are described below. 

13 

Controller, EU Representative and DPO . The Company is the controller responsible for the processing of
 Participant s personal data in connection with the Plan. The Company s representative in the European Union is NSE Products Europe BVBA, Da Vincilaan 9, 1935 Zaventem, Belgium, telephone number +32 2 722 70 00. Participant can reach the data
 protection officer DPO of the Company at +1 (801) 345-1505, 75 West Center Street, Provo, Utah 84601. 

Personal Data Subject to Processing . The Company collects, processes and uses the following types of personal
 data about Participant: Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the
 Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, settled, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor, which the Company receives from Participant or the Employer, as well as
 Participant s hire date, term date, term reason code, status, and Company s Division Personal Data ). 

Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing . The Company processes the Personal Data for the purpose of granting
 Restricted Stock Units, implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. The legal basis for the processing of the Personal Data by the Company and the third party service providers described below is the necessity
 of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and generally administering employee equity awards. 

Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Personal Data to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
 LLC and its affiliated companies (collectively, Morgan Stanley ), an independent stock plan administrator with operations, relevant to the Company, in the United
 States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select different service providers and may share Personal Data with such service providers. As a data controller,
 the Company s stock plan administrator will open an account for Participant to receive and trade Shares. Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service provider, which is a condition of
 Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. Participant s Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 Participant understands that Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data by contacting Participant s local human resources representative. 

International Data Transfers . The Company and its service providers, including, without limitation, Morgan
 Stanley, operate, relevant to the Company, in the United States, which means that it will be necessary for Personal Data to be transferred to, and processed in, the United States. Participant understands and acknowledges that the United States is
 not subject to an unlimited adequacy finding by the European Commission and that Participant s Personal Data may not have an equivalent level of protection as compared to Participant s country of residence. 

The legal basis for the processing of the Personal Data by the Company and the third party service providers is the necessity of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the
 Agreement and generally administering employee equity awards.

Data Retention . The Company will use the Personal Data only as long as necessary to implement, administer and
 manage Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including tax and securities laws. When the Company no longer needs the Personal Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. If
 the Company keeps data longer, it would be to satisfy tax, legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be relevant laws or regulations. 

14 

Data Subject Rights . To the extent provided by law, Participant has the right to (i) inquire whether and what
 kind of Personal Data the Company holds about Participant and how it is processed, and to access or request copies of such Personal Data, (ii) request the correction or supplementation of Personal Data that is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date
 in light of the purposes underlying the processing, or (iii) obtain the erasure of Personal Data no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements. In addition,
 Participant has, to the extent provided by law, the right to (iv) request the Company to restrict the processing of Personal Data in certain situations where Participant feels its processing is inappropriate, (v) object, in certain circumstances,
 to the processing of Personal Data for legitimate interests, and to (vi) request portability of Personal Data that Participant has actively or passively provided to the Company, where the processing of such Personal Data is based on consent or a
 contractual agreement with Participant and is carried out by automated means. In case of concerns, Participant also has the right to (vii) lodge a complaint with the competent local data protection authority. To receive additional information
 regarding Participant s rights, raise any other questions regarding the practices described in this Agreement or to exercise his or her rights, Participant should contact his or her local human resources representative. 

Contractual Requirement . Participant s provision of Personal Data and its processing as described above is
 required for the performance of the Company s obligations pursuant to the Plan and a condition to Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. Participant understands that, as a consequence of Participant s refusing to provide Personal Data,
 the Company may not be able to allow Participant to participate in the Plan, grant Restricted Stock Units to Participant or administer or maintain such Restricted Stock Units. However, Participant s participation in the Plan and his or her
 acceptance of this Agreement are purely voluntary. While Participant will not receive Restricted Stock Units if he or she decides against participating in the Plan or providing Personal Data as described above, Participant s career and salary will
 not be affected in any way. For more information on the consequences of the refusal to provide Personal Data, Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative. 

AUSTRALIA 

Nature of Plan . The Plan and the Agreement is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to the conditions in the Act).

Securities Law Information . The offer of the Performance Restricted Stock Units is being made under Division 1A Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). If Participant offers Shares acquired under the
 Plan for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, the offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. Participant should obtain legal advice on any disclosure obligations prior to making any such offer.

Exchange Control Information . Exchange control reporting is
 required for cash transactions exceeding AUD10,000 and for international fund transfers. If an Australian bank is assisting with the transaction, the bank will file the report on the Participant s behalf. 

15 

BELGIUM 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . Participant is required to report any securities (e.g., Shares acquired under the Plan) or bank accounts established outside of Belgium on his or her annual tax
 return. In a separate report, Belgium residents are also required to provide the National Bank of Belgium with the account details of any such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which any such account was
 opened). This report, as well as additional information on how to complete it, can be found on the website of the National Bank of Belgium, www.nbb.be, under Kredietcentrales / Centrales des cr dits caption. Participant should consult a personal
 tax advisor with respect to the applicable reporting obligations.

Annual Securities Accounts Tax . If the value of securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account exceeds EUR 1 million, a new annual securities accounts tax applies. Belgian residents should consult
 with their personal tax advisor regarding the new tax.

CANADA 

Restricted Stock Units Only Payable in Shares . Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares only. The grant of Restricted Stock Units does not provide any
 right for Participant to receive a cash payment.

Securities Law Information . Participant acknowledges and agrees that he or she will sell Shares acquired through participation in the Plan only outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on
 which the Shares are listed. The Shares are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States.

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . Participant is required to report any specified foreign property (including
 Shares) annually on Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of Participant s specified foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. The form must be filed by April 30th of the following year. 
 Specified foreign property includes Shares acquired under the Plan and may include Restricted Stock Units. The Restricted Stock Units must be reported generally at a nil cost if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign
 property Participant holds. If Shares are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB would normally equal the fair market value of the Shares at vesting for Restricted Stock Units, but if Participant
 owns other Shares, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares. It is Participant s responsibility to comply with applicable reporting obligations.

The following provisions apply if Participant is resident in Quebec:

Data Privacy . Participant hereby authorizes the Company, the Employer and their representatives, including any broker(s) designated by the Company to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all
 personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. Participant further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. Participant further authorizes the
 Company and its Subsidiaries to record such information and to keep such information in the his or her employee file.

Language Consent . The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating
 directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English.

16 

Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de cette convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaries intent es, directement ou
 indirectement, relativement ou suite la pr sente convention.

CHINA 

The following provisions apply only to Participants who are subject to exchange control restrictions imposed by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange ("SAFE"), as determined by the Company in its sole
 discretion: 

Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . This provision supplements Section 1.4 of the Agreement:

The Restricted Stock Units will only vest if and when the Company has completed the registration of the Plan with SAFE and provided such registration remains effective. If the Company is unable to complete the
 registration or maintain the registration, the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units may be delayed. Shares issued to Participant under the Plan must be maintained in an account with Morgan Stanley or such other broker as may be designated by the
 Company until the Shares are sold through that broker.

Furthermore, due to regulatory requirements, Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant must sell any Shares issued to Participant upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as soon as practicable following
 the termination of Participant s Continuous Service and in no event later than six months following the termination of Participant s Continuous Service, or within any other such time frame as may be required by SAFE. Participant agrees that if
 Participant continues to hold any of such Shares after this time, the Shares will be sold by the Company s designated broker on Participant s behalf at the instruction of the Company. Therefore, by accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant
 understands and agrees that the Company is authorized to, and may in its sole discretion, instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of Shares (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization) and that Participant
 expressly authorizes the Company s designated broker to complete the sale of such Shares. Participant acknowledges that the Company s designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the Shares at any particular price. Upon the
 sale of the Shares, the proceeds, less any Tax-Related Items and brokerage fees or commissions will be remitted to Participant pursuant to the procedures described in the Exchange Control Information section below.

Exchange Control Information . Participant understands and agrees that, to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements, Participant will be required to immediately repatriate to China the cash
 proceeds from the sale of the Shares issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. Participant further understands that, under local law, such repatriation of the cash proceeds will be effectuated through a special exchange control account
 established by the Company or its Subsidiary in China, and Participant hereby consents and agrees that the proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to Participant. 
 The Company may deliver the proceeds to Participant in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid in U.S. dollars, Participant understands that he or she will be required to set up a U.S. dollar bank account
 in China so that the proceeds may be deposited into this account. If the proceeds are converted to local currency, there may be delays in delivering the proceeds to Participant. Participant agrees to bear the risk of any currency fluctuation between
 the time the Shares are sold, either through voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company, or proceeds are otherwise realized under the Plan and the time such proceeds are distributed to Participant through the special exchange
 control account.

Participant further agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China.

17 

DENMARK 

Stock Option Act . Participant acknowledges that they have received an Employer Statement in Danish which sets forth additional terms of the Restricted Stock Units, to the extent that the Danish Stock Option Act
 applies to the Restricted Stock Units.

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . If Participant establishes an account holding Shares or an account holding cash outside Denmark, he or she must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration. 
 The form may be obtained from a local bank.

GERMANY 

Exchange Control Information . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank. In case of payments in connection with securities (including payment of the Grant
 Price and the proceeds realized upon the sale of Shares), the report must be made by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was made/received. The report must be filed electronically. The form of report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website (www.bundesbank.de) and is available in both German and English. Participant is
 responsible for satisfying the reporting obligation.

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . German residents holding Shares must notify their local tax office if the acquisition of Shares under the Plan leads to a so-called qualified participation at any
 point during the calendar year. A qualified participation is attained only in the unlikely event (i) Participant owns at least 1 of the Company and the value of the Shares acquired exceeds 150,000, or (ii) Participant holds Shares exceeding 10 of
 the total capital of the Company.

HONG KONG 

Restricted Stock Units Only Payable in Shares . Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares only. The grant of Restricted Stock Units does not provide any
 right for Participant to receive a cash payment.

Restriction on Sale of Shares . Shares received under the Plan are accepted as a personal investment. Should any portion of the Restricted Stock Units vest within six months of the Grant Date, Participant
 agrees that Participant will not dispose of the Shares acquired at vesting prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date.

Securities Law Information . Warning: The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Participant is advised to exercise
 caution in relation to the offer. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the Agreement, including this Appendix, or the Plan, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. The Restricted Stock Units and any
 Shares issued pursuant to the grant do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company. The Agreement, including this Appendix, the Plan and other incidental communication
 materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Restricted Stock Units and any related
 documentation are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Company and may not be distributed to any other person. 

18 

HUNGARY 

There are no country-specific provisions.

INDIA 

Exchange Control Information . Due to exchange control restrictions in India, Participant may be required to repatriate any proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan to India and proceeds from the
 receipt of any cash dividends within such time as prescribed under applicable Indian exchange control laws. Participant must obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where Participant deposits the funds and must maintain
 the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation.

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . Participant is required to declare foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including Shares held outside India) in his or her annual tax return. It
 is Participant's responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation and Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor in this regard.

INDONESIA 

Language Consent and Notification . A translation of the documents related to this grant into Bahasa Indonesia can be provided to Participant upon request to hroperations@nuskin.com. By accepting the grant,
 Participant (i) confirms having read and understood the documents relating to this grant i.e. , the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language, (ii) accepts the terms of those
 documents accordingly, and (iii) agrees not to challenge the validity of this document based on Law No. 24 of 2009 on National Flag, Language, Coat of Arms and National Anthem or the implementing Presidential Regulation (when issued).

Language Consent and Notification . Terjemahan dari dokumen-dokumen terkait dengan pemberian ini ke Bahasa Indonesia dapat disediakan untuk anda berdasarkan permintaan kepada hroperations@nuskin.com. Dengan
 menerima hibah, anda (i) anda mengkonfirmasi bahwa anda telah membaca dan mengerti isi dokumen yang terkait dengan pemberian ini yang disediakan untuk anda dalam bahasa Inggris, (ii) Anda menerima syarat dari dokumen-dokumen tersebut, dan (iii) anda
 setuju bahwa anda tidak akan mengajukan keberatan atas keberlakuan dokumen ini berdasarkan Undang-Undang No. 24 tahun 2009 tentang Bendera, Bahasa dan Lambang Negara serta Lagu Kebangsaan atau Peraturan Presiden pelaksana (ketika diterbitkan).

19 

Exchange Control Information . If Participant remits proceeds from the sale of Shares or the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares into Indonesia, the Indonesian Bank through which the transaction is made
 will submit a report on the transaction to the Bank of Indonesia for statistical reporting purposes. For transactions of US 10,000 or more, a description of the transaction must be included in the report. Although the bank through which the
 transaction is made is required to make the report, Participant must complete a Transfer Report Form. The Transfer Report Form should be provided to Participant by the bank through which the transaction is made.

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . Indonesian residents have the obligation to report worldwide assets (including foreign accounts and Shares acquired under the Plan) in their annual individual income
 tax return.

JAPAN 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . Participant will be required to report details of any assets (including any Shares acquired under the Plan) held outside of Japan as of December 31 st of each year, to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000,000. Such report will be due by March 15 th of the following year. Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to Participant and whether Participant will be required
 to report details of any outstanding Restricted Stock Units or Shares held by Participant in the report.

KOREA 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts e.g. , non-Korean bank
 accounts, brokerage accounts, etc.) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts if the value of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency). Participant should consult with his
 or her personal tax advisor to determine how to value Participant s foreign accounts for purposes of this reporting requirement and whether Participant is required to file a report with respect to such accounts.

MALAYSIA 

Director Notification Information . If Participant is a director of a Malaysian Subsidiary, Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act, 1965. Among these
 requirements is an obligation to notify the Malaysian Subsidiary in writing when Participant receives an interest e.g. , Restricted Stock Units) in the Company or any related companies. In addition,
 Participant must notify the Malaysian Subsidiary when Participant sells Shares of the Company or any related company (including when Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within fourteen days of
 acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any related company.

20 

Data Privacy Notice and Consent . This provision replaces in its entirety Section 10 of the Agreement:

Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data, as described in
 this Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in
 the Plan.

Participant understands that the Employer, the Company and Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to,
 Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock
 Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan Data ). The Data is supplied by
 the Employer and also by me through information collected in connection with the Agreement and the Plan.

Participant understands that Data will be transferred to Morgan Stanley, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which
 is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g.,
 the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any
 potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative at +60-03-2170-7700. Participant authorizes the Company, Morgan Stanley and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently
 or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participant s
 participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the Shares received upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units may be deposited. Participant understands
 that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data,
 request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources
 representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her
 employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company may not be able to grant Participant Restricted Stock
 Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the
 consequences of his or her refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative.

Peserta dengan ini secara eksplisit dan tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, data peribadi
 Peserta seperti yang diterangkan dalam Perjanjian dan bahan-bahan geran Unit Saham Terbatas yang lain oleh dan di antara, seperti yang berkenaan, Majikan, Syarikat dan Anak-anak Syarikat untuk tujuan yang eksklusif bagi melaksanakan,
 mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan Peserta di dalam Pelan.

Peserta memahami bahawa Majikan, Syarikat and Anak-anak Syarikat mungkin memegang maklumat peribadi tertentu tentang Peserta, termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada, nama
 Peserta, alamat rumah dan nombor telefon, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa Syer atau jawatan pengarah yang dipegang dalam Syarikat, butir-butir semua Unit Saham
 Terbatas, atau apa-apa hak lain atas Syer yang dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, terletak hak, tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum dijelaskan bagi faedah Peserta, untuk tujuan eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan
 Pelan tersebut ("Data"). Data tersebut dibekalkan oleh Majikan dan juga oleh saya berkenaan dengan Perjanjian dan Pelan.

Peserta memahami bahawa Data ini akan dipindahkan kepada Morgan Stanley, atau mana-mana pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham lain sebagaimana yang dipilih oleh Syarikat pada
 masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat dengan pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelan. Peserta memahami bahawa penerima-penerima Data mungkin berada di Amerika Syarikat atau mana-mana tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima-penerima
 (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang berbeza daripada negara Peserta. Peserta memahami bahawa sekiranya Peserta menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, Peserta boleh meminta satu senarai
 yang mengandungi nama-nama dan alamat-alamat penerima-penerima Data yang berpotensi dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan peserta di +60-03-2170-7700. Peserta memberi kuasa kepada Syarikat, Morgan Stanley dan mana-mana
 penerima-penerima kemungkinan lain yang mungkin akan membantu Syarikat (pada masa sekarang atau pada masa depan) dengan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan untuk menerima, memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan memindahkan Data,
 dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, bagi tujuan-tujuan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan Peserta di dalam Pelan, termasuk segala pemindahan Data tersebut sebagaimana yang dikehendaki kepada broker, egen eskrow atau
 pihak ketiga dengan siapa Saham diterima semasa peletakhakan Unit Saham Terbatas mungkin didepositkan. Peserta memahami bahawa Data hanya akan disimpan selagi ia adalah diperlukan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir, dan menguruskan penyertaan
 peserta dalam Pelan. Peserta memahami bahawa sekiranya peserta menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, peserta boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat Data, meminta maklumat tambahan mengenai penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta bahawa
 pindaan-pindaan dilaksanakan ke atas Data atau menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, dalam mana-mana kes, tanpa kos, dengan menghubungi secara bertulis wakil sumber manusia tempatan. Selanjutnya, Peserta memahami bahawa peserta
 memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela semata-mata. Sekiranya Peserta tidak bersetuju, atau sekiranya Peserta kemudian membatalkan persetujuannya, status pekerjaan atau perkhidmatan dan kerjaya Peserta dengan Majikan tidak akan
 terjejas; satu-satunya akibat buruk sekiranya Peserta tidak bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuan Peserta adalah bahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan Unit Saham Terbatas atau anugerah ekuiti lain atau mentadbir atau mengekalkan
 anugerah-anugerah tersebut kepada Peserta. Oleh itu, Peserta memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan balik persetujuan peserta boleh menjejaskan keupayaan Peserta untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan. Untuk maklumat lebih lanjut mengenai
 akibat-akibat keengganan Peserta untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik keizinan, Peserta memahami bahawa Peserta boleh menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan.

21 

NETHERLANDS 

There are no country-specific provisions.

NEW ZEALAND 

Securities Law Information . Participant is being offered Restricted Stock Units which, if vested, allows Participant to purchase Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Plan. The Shares,
 if issued, will give Participant a stake in the ownership of the Company. Participant may receive a return if dividends are paid.

If the Company runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, Participant will be paid only after all creditors have been paid. Participant may lose some or all of Participant s investment, if any.

New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules
 do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share scheme. As a result, Participant may not be given all the information usually required. Participant will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. Participant
 should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing.

The Shares are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). This means that if Participant acquires Shares under the Plan, Participant may be able to sell the Shares on the NYSE if there are interested buyers. 
 Participant may get less than Participant invested. The price will depend on the demand for the Shares.

For information on risk factors impacting the Company s business that may affect the value of the Shares, Participant should refer to the risk factors discussion on the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are available online at www.sec.gov, as well as on the Company s Investor Relations website at http://ir.nuskin.com.

22 

PHILIPPINES 

Securities Law Information . This offering is subject to exemption from the requirements of securities registration with the Philippines Securities and Exchange Commission, under Section 10.1(k) of the
 Philippine Securities Regulation Code.

THE SECURITIES BEING OFFERED OR SOLD HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES REGULATION CODE. ANY FURTHER OFFER OR SALE THEREOF IS SUBJECT TO REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
 UNDER THE CODE UNLESS SUCH OFFER OR SALE QUALIFIES AS AN EXEMPT TRANSACTION.

For further information on risk factors impacting the Company s business that may affect the value of the Shares, Participant may refer to the risk factors discussion in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are available online at www.sec.gov, as well as on the Company's website at http://ir.nuskin.com. In addition, Participant may receive, free of
 charge, a copy of the Company's Annual Report, Quarterly Reports or any other reports, proxy statements or communications distributed to the Company's stockholders by contacting Investor Relations Department at 75 W. Center Street, Provo, Utah 84601.

Participant acknowledges he or she is permitted to dispose or sell Shares acquired under the Plan provided the offer and resale of such shares takes place outside the Philippines through the facilities of a stock
 exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Shares are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States of America.

RUSSIA 

Exchange Control Information . Participant acknowledges that he or she must repatriate the proceeds from the sale of Shares and any dividends received in relation to the Restricted Stock Units within a
 reasonably short time of receipt. Such amounts must be initially credited to Participant through a foreign currency account opened in his or her name at an authorized bank in Russia. After the funds are initially received in Russia, they may be
 further remitted to foreign banks, provided certain requirements are satisfied. Participant must notify the Russian tax authorities about the opening/closing of each foreign account within one month of the account opening/closing and provide account
 balances in each foreign account as of the beginning of each calendar year. Participant is encouraged to contact his or her personal advisor with respect to satisfying the above-described
 currency rules, as significant penalties may apply in the case of non-compliance with exchange control requirements and because such exchange control requirements may change. 

U.S. Transaction . Participant understands that acceptance of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units results in a contract between Participant and the Company completed in the United States and that the
 Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Utah, without regard to choice of law principles thereof. Any Shares to be issued upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall be delivered to Participant through a brokerage account in the U.S. 
 Participant may hold the Shares in his or her brokerage account in the U.S.; however, in no event will Shares issued to Participant under the Plan be delivered to Participant in Russia. Participant is not permitted to sell the Shares directly to
 other Russian legal entities or individuals.

23 

Securities Law Information . These materials do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia nor do they constitute placement of Shares in Russia. The issuance of Shares pursuant to the
 Restricted Stock Units described herein has not and will not be registered in Russia and hence, the Shares described herein may not be admitted or used for offering, placement or public circulation in Russia. Participant acknowledges and agrees that
 he or she will sell Shares acquired through participation in the Plan only outside of Russia through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Shares are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the United
 States.

Data Privacy Notice and Consent . Participant hereby acknowledges that he or she has read and understood the terms regarding collection, processing and transfer of Data contained in Section 10 of the Agreement
 and, by accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant agrees to such terms. In this regard, upon request of the Company or the Employer, Participant agrees to provide an executed data privacy consent form to the Employer or the Company, or any
 other agreements or consents that the Company and/or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain Participant s consent to collect, process or transfer Participant s Data for purposes of administering his or her participation in the Plan under the data
 privacy laws in Russia, either now or in the future. Participant understands that he or she will not be able to participate in the Plan if he or she fails to execute any such consent or agreement.

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting . Russian residents will be required to notify the Russian tax authorities within one month of opening or closing a foreign bank account or of changing any account details. 
 Russian residents are also required to file with the Russian tax authorities reports of the transactions in their foreign bank accounts. Russian residents should consult with their personal tax advisor for additional information about these
 reporting obligations.

Labor Law Information . If Participant continues to hold Shares acquired under the Plan after an involuntary termination of employment, the Participant will not be eligible to receive unemployment benefits in
 Russia.

Anti-Corruption Information . Anti-corruption laws prohibit certain public servants, their spouses, and their dependent children from owning any foreign source financial instruments e.g. , shares of foreign companies such as the Company).

SINGAPORE 

Sale Restriction . Participant agrees that any Shares acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units will not be offered for sale in Singapore prior to the six-month
 anniversary of the Grant Date, unless such sale or offer is made pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA , or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA .

Securities Law Information . The grant of the Restricted Stock Units is made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA and is not made to Participant
 with a view of the Restricted Stock Units being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.

24 

Director Notification Requirement . Directors, associate directors and shadow directors of a Singapore subsidiary or affiliate are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. 
 The directors, associate directors and shadow directors must notify the Singapore subsidiary or affiliate in writing of an interest e.g. , Performance Restricted Stock Units, Shares, etc.) in the Company or
 any related companies within two business days of (i) its acquisition or disposal, (ii) any change in a previously disclosed interest e.g., when the Shares are sold), or (iii) becoming a director, associate
 director or shadow director.

SWEDEN 

There are no country-specific provisions.

TAIWAN 

Data Privacy Consent . Participant hereby acknowledges that he or she has read and understood the terms regarding collection, processing and transfer of Data contained in Section 10 of the Agreement and by
 participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to such terms. In this regard, upon request of the Company or the Employer, Participant agrees to provide an executed data privacy consent form to the Employer or the Company (or any other agreements or
 consents that may be required by the Employer or the Company) that the Company and/or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in Participant s country, either now or in the future. Participant understands he or she will
 not be able to participate in the Plan if Participant fails to execute any such consent or agreement.

Securities Law Information . The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only to employees of the Company. The grant of the Restricted Stock Units does not
 constitute a public offer of securities.

Exchange Control Information . Participant may remit foreign currency (including proceeds from the sale of Shares or the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares) into or out of Taiwan up to US 5,000,000 per
 year without special permission. If the transaction amount is TWD500,000 or more in a single transaction, Participant must submit a Foreign Exchange Transaction Form to the remitting bank and provide supporting documentation to the satisfaction of
 the remitting bank.

THAILAND 

Exchange Control Information . If the proceeds from the sale of Shares or the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares are equal to or greater than US 1,000,000 or more in a single transaction, Participant
 must repatriate the proceeds to Thailand immediately upon receipt and convert the funds to Thai Baht or deposit the proceeds in a foreign currency deposit account maintained by a bank in Thailand within 360 day of remitting the proceeds to Thailand. 
 In addition Participant must report the inward remittance to the Bank of Thailand on a foreign exchange transaction form. If Participant fails to comply with these obligations, Participant may be subject to penalties assessed by the Bank of
 Thailand. Because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice, Participant should consult his or her personal advisor before selling Shares to ensure compliance with current regulations. Participant is responsible for ensuring
 compliance with all exchange control laws in Thailand, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from his or her failure to comply with applicable laws.

25 

SCHEDULE A

 DENMARK EMPLOYER STATEMENT

S RLIG MEDDELELSE TIL MEDARBEJDERE I DANMARK

 ARBEJDSGIVERERKL RING

I henhold til 3, stk. 1, i lov om brug af k beret eller tegningsret mv. i ans ttelsesforhold ("Aktieoptionsloven") er medarbejderen ("Medarbejderen") berettiget til i en s rskilt skriftlig erkl ring at modtage
 f lgende oplysninger vedr rende incitamentsordningen Third Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan ("Planen") hos Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. ("Selskabet").

Denne erkl ring indeholder kun de oplysninger, der er n vnt i Aktieoptionsloven, mens de vrige vilk r og betingelser for Medarbejderens tildeling af " Restricted Stock Units" er n rmere beskrevet i Planen, "
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement" ("Aftalen") og det vrige tildelingsmateriale, som er blevet udleveret. Begreber, der st r med stort begyndelsesbogstav i denne Arbejdsgivererkl ring, men som ikke er defineret heri, har samme betydning som de
 begreber, der er defineret i Planen eller Aftalen.

1. Tidspunkt for tildeling af den vederlagsfri ret til at modtage aktier mod opfyldelse af visse betingelser

Tidspunktet for tildelingen af "Restricted Stock Units" er den dato, hvor Bestyrelsens Vederlagsudvalg ("Udvalget") godkendte tildelingen.

2. Kriterier og betingelser for tildeling af retten til senere at modtage aktier

Kun Selskabets Medarbejdere, bestyrelsesmedlemmer og konsulenter kan deltage i Planen. Tildeling af " Restricted Stock Units" i henhold til Planen sker efter Selskabets eget sk n og har til form l at give Selskabet og
 dets datterselskaber mulighed for at tiltr kke og fastholde udvalgte medarbejdere, som forventes at bidrage til Selskabets success og opn langsigtede m l til gavn for Selskabets aktion rer. Medarbejderen har ikke nogen ret til eller noget krav p 
 fremover at f tildelt " Restricted Stock Units".

3. Modningstidspunkt eller -periode

Dine "Restricted Stock Units" optjenes over et antal r som fastsat i Aftalen. Dine "Restricted Stock Units"r vil ved optjeningen blive konverteret til et tilsvarende antal ordin re aktier i Selskabet. Optjeningen kan
 accelerere under visse andre omst ndigheder som beskrevet i Aftalen.

4. Udnyttelseskurs

Der betales ingen udnyttelseskurs ved modning af "Restricted Stock Units" eller udstedelse af aktier til Medarbejderen.

5. Medarbejderens retsstilling i forbindelse med fratr den

S fremt du fratr der din stilling, vil dine "Restricted Stock Units" blive behandlet i overensstemmelse med oph rsbestemmelserne i Aftalen, der kan opsummeres til f lgende: Undtagen i tilf lde af en "Change in Control"
 (som beskrevet i Aftalen) hvis dit ans ttelsesforhold bringes til oph r, bortfalder dine ikke-optjente "Restricted Stock Units".

6. konomiske aspekter ved at deltage i Planen

Tildelingen af "Restricted Stock Units" har ingen umiddelbare konomiske konsekvenser for Medarbejderen. V rdien af "Restricted Stock Units" indg r ikke i beregningen af feriepenge, pensionsbidrag eller andre
 lovpligtige, vederlagsafh ngige ydelser.

Ordin re aktier er finansielle instrumenter. Den fremtidige v rdi af de underliggende aktier i forbindelse med "Restricted Stock Units" kendes ikke og kan ikke forudsiges med sikkerhed.

26 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 brhc10046901_ex10-12.htm
 FORM OF THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 PLAN PERFORMANCE RSU GRANT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.12 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

 PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

This Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, Participant s award information (the Award Summary ), which can be accessed on the Morgan Stanley stock plan
 website (currently www.stockplanconnect.com) or the website of any other stock plan administrator selected by the Company in the future, and the Appendix for Participant s country contained in this agreement, if any, (collectively, this Agreement set forth the terms and conditions of the Performance Restricted Stock Units granted to Participant under the Third Amended and Restated Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ). In the event of a conflict between (i) the
 terms and conditions of the Plan; and (ii) the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the same defined meaning
 assigned to them in the Plan.

1. Grant of Performance Restricted Stock Units. 

1.1 Grant of Performance Restricted Stock Units. Effective as of the date of grant specified in the Award Summary (the Grant Date ), the Company grants to Participant an
 award of [ ] of the number of Performance Restricted Stock Units specified in the Award Summary (i.e., [ ] of the number of Performance Restricted Stock Units that would vest upon achievement of [Performance Vesting Provisions], as set forth in
 Schedule A below). Each Performance Restricted Stock Unit is a bookkeeping entry representing the Company s unfunded promise to deliver one Share on the terms provided herein and in the Plan.

1.2 Vesting of Performance Restricted Stock Units. The Performance Restricted Stock Units shall be divided into tranches and vest as described in Schedule A below, except
 as otherwise provided in this Agreement, including pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 4.

1.3 Termination of Continuous Service. In the event Participant s Continuous Service (as defined below) is terminated for any reason prior to the full vesting of the
 Performance Restricted Stock Units, the Performance Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder shall terminate to the extent they are not vested as of the termination of Participant s Continuous Service, as determined in accordance with Section
 9(h) below, and Participant shall not have any right to receive any Shares subject to such unvested Performance Restricted Stock Units.

For purposes of this Agreement:

Continuous Service means that Participant s service with the Company or a Subsidiary, whether as an Employee, Director, or Consultant, is not interrupted or
 terminated. Participant s Continuous Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which Participant renders service to the Company or a Subsidiary as an Employee, Consultant, or Director, or a change
 in the entity for which Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of Participant s Continuous Service. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of a Subsidiary or a
 Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. Subject to the requirements of applicable law, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any
 leave of absence approved by the Company or a Subsidiary, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave.

1 

1.4 Settlement of Performance Restricted Stock Units. Subject to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, Performance Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares,
 provided that Participant has satisfied any Tax-Related Items pursuant to Section 8 below. Shares will be issued to Participant within 70 days following the vesting of each tranche of Performance Restricted Stock Units unless subject to the
 terms of the Company s deferred compensation plan; provided, however, that if the Participant is subject to taxation in the U.S. (a U.S. Taxpayer ), the Performance Restricted Stock Units vest pursuant to Section 1.6 below and the Performance
 Restricted Stock Units are considered non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code Code Section 409A, and such compensation, Deferred Compensation ), the Shares will be issued in accordance with the following
 schedule: (i) if the termination event giving rise to the vesting acceleration occurs prior to the Change in Control and the Change in Control constitutes a change in control event (within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation
 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i)) (a 409A CIC ), the Shares will be issued on the date of the Change in Control, and if the Change in Control does not constitute a 409A CIC, the Shares will be issued on the date that is six months following the Participant s
 separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) (a Separation from Service (ii) if the termination event giving rise to the vesting acceleration occurs on or following the Change in Control and the Change in Control
 constitutes a 409A CIC, then the Shares will be issued within 30 days following the Participant s Separation from Service, and if the Change in Control is not a 409A CIC, then the Shares will be issued on the date that is six months following the
 Participant s Separation from Service.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of complying with Code Section 409A, if the Participant is a U.S. Taxpayer, the Performance Restricted Stock Units
 are considered Deferred Compensation and the Performance Restricted Stock Units are to be settled in connection with a termination contemplated under Section 1.6 below, the Company and the Participant shall take all steps necessary (including with
 regard to any post-termination services by the Participant) to ensure that a termination contemplated under Section 1.6 constitutes a Separation from Service. In addition, if the Performance Restricted Stock Units are Deferred Compensation, the
 Performance Restricted Stock Units are settled upon the Participant s Separation from Service and the Participant is a specified employee, within the meaning of Code Section 409A, on the date the Participant experiences a Separation from Service,
 then the Shares will be issued on the first business day of the seventh month following the Participant s Separation from Service, or, if earlier, on the date of the Participant s death, to the extent such delayed payment is required in order to
 avoid a prohibited distribution under Code Section 409A.

1.5 Stockholder Rights. Unless and until Shares are issued by the Company after the vesting of Performance Restricted Stock Units, Participant shall have none of the
 rights or privileges of a shareholder of the Company (including voting, dividend and liquidation rights) with respect to the Shares covered by the Performance Restricted Stock Units.

2 

1.6 Change in Control. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if, within six months prior to and in connection with a Change in Control or within
 two years following such Change in Control, Participant s employment is terminated (i) by the Company and its Subsidiaries without Cause, or (ii) by Participant for Good Reason, the vesting of outstanding Performance Restricted Stock Units
 governed by this Agreement shall be accelerated such that the number of Performance Restricted Stock Units specified in the Award Summary (i.e., the number of Performance Restricted Stock Units that would vest upon achievement of [Performance
 Vesting Provisions], as set forth in Schedule A) shall be deemed to be vested in full immediately prior to the termination of Participant s employment.

For purposes of this Agreement:

Cause shall mean that Participant has engaged in any one of the following:

(a) a material breach
 by Participant of the Company s Employee Covenants Agreement, other employee covenants or any employment agreement, which breach is not cured within any applicable cure period set forth in the respective document;

(b) any willful
 violation by Participant of any material law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(c) Participant s
 conviction of, or a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or any willful perpetration of common law fraud (or analogous violation of law in a jurisdiction outside the United States); or

(d) any other willful
 misconduct by Participant that is materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of, or is otherwise materially injurious to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

For purposes of the foregoing, in determining whether a material breach has occurred, or whether there has been a willful violation of a material law or
 regulation, the standard shall be a breach or violation that is, or will reasonably likely be, materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of, or is, or will reasonably likely be, otherwise materially injurious to, the
 Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Good Reason shall mean the occurrence any of the following events that result in a material negative change to Participant:

(a) without
 Participant s consent, a material reduction in the scope of Participant s duties and responsibilities or the level of management to which Participant reports;

(b) without
 Participant s consent, a reduction in base salary (other than an across-the-board reduction of not more than 10 applicable to all similarly situated employees);

(c) without
 Participant s consent, a material reduction in Participant s benefits in the aggregate (in terms of benefit levels) from those provided to Participant under any employee benefit plan, program and practice in which Participant participates;

(d) without
 Participant s consent, a relocation of Participant s principal place of employment of more than 50 miles from Participant s primary residence;

3 

(e) the failure of the
 Company to have a successor entity specifically assume this Agreement or any employment agreement within 10 business days after a Change in Control; or

(f) a material breach
 by the Company a successor entity of this Agreement or any employment agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall only be found to exist if Participant, not later than 90 days after the initial occurrence of an event deemed
 to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason, has provided 30 days written notice to the Company prior to Participant s resignation indicating and describing the event resulting in such Good Reason, and the Company does not cure such event
 (other than the event in clause vi), which shall not be subject to cure) within 90 days following the receipt of such notice from Participant.

2. Securities Law Compliance. Participant represents that Participant has received and carefully read a copy of the Prospectus for the Plan, together
 with the Company s most recent Annual Report to Stockholders. Participant hereby acknowledges that Participant is aware of the risks associated with the Shares and that there can be no assurance the price of the Shares will not decrease in the
 future. Participant hereby acknowledges no representations or statements have been made to Participant concerning the value or potential value of the Shares. Participant acknowledges that Participant has relied only on information contained in
 the Prospectus and has received no representations, written or oral, from the Company or its employees, attorneys or agents, other than those contained in the Prospectus or this Agreement. Participant acknowledges that the Company has made no
 representations or recommendations, and is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant is hereby advised to
 consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.

3. Transfer Restrictions. Participant shall not transfer, assign, sell, encumber, pledge, grant a security interest in or otherwise dispose of the
 Performance Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement in any manner other than by the laws of descent or distribution. Any such transfer, assignment, sale, encumbrance, pledge, security interest or disposition shall be void.

4. Forfeiture. If, at any time during Participant s Continuous Service or at any time during the 12-month period following termination of Participant s Continuous
 Service, Participant engages in conduct that constitutes Cause (as defined above), then at the election of the Committee, (a) this Agreement and all unvested Performance Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder shall terminate, and (b)
 Participant shall return to the Company for cancellation all Shares held by Participant plus pay the Company the amount of any proceeds received from the sale of any Shares to the extent such Shares were issued pursuant to Performance Restricted
 Stock Units granted under this Agreement that vested (i) during the 12-month period immediately preceding the Cause, or (ii) on the date of or at any time after such Cause.

If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under
 the securities laws, the Committee may terminate any Performance Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder or require Participant to reimburse the Company the amount of any payment or benefit received with respect to any Performance Restricted Stock
 Units granted hereunder to the extent the Performance Restricted Stock Units would not have been earned or accrued after giving effect to the accounting restatement.

4 

The forfeiture and recoupment provisions of this Section 4 shall be applied by the Committee, at its discretion, to the maximum extent permitted under
 applicable laws. Further, these provisions are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any recoupment requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or under other applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange listing standards, including, without
 limitation, Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 or Section 10D of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in
 the Plan. Participant expressly agrees that the Company may take such actions as are necessary or appropriate to effectuate the foregoing (as applicable to Participant) or applicable law without further consent or action being required by
 Participant. For purposes of the foregoing and as a condition to the grant, Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on Participant s behalf, to Morgan Stanley (or any other stock plan service provider
 engaged by the Company to administer awards granted under the Plan) to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company.

5. Governing Plan Document. This Agreement incorporates by reference all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, as presently existing and as
 hereafter amended. Participant expressly acknowledges and agrees that the terms and provisions of this Agreement are subject in all respects to the provisions of the Plan. Participant also expressly:

(a) Acknowledges
 receipt of the Plan and represents that Participant is familiar with the provisions of the Plan, and that Participant enters into this Agreement subject to all of the provisions of the Plan;

(b) Recognizes that the
 Committee has been granted complete authority to administer the Plan in its sole discretion, and agrees to accept all decisions related to the Plan and all interpretations of the Plan made by the Committee as final and conclusive upon Participant
 and upon all persons at any time claiming any interest through Participant in the Performance Restricted Stock Units or the Shares subject to this Agreement; and

(c) Acknowledges and
 understands that the establishment of the Plan and the existence of this Agreement are not sufficient, in and of themselves, to exempt Participant from the requirements of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and any rules or regulations promulgated
 thereunder, and that Participant (to the extent Section 16(b) applies to Participant) shall not be exempt from such requirements pursuant to Rule 16b-3 unless and until Participant shall comply with all applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3,
 including without limitation, the possible requirement that Participant must not sell or otherwise dispose of any Shares acquired pursuant to Performance Restricted Stock Units unless and until a period of at least six months shall have elapsed
 between the Grant Date and the date upon which Participant desires to sell or otherwise dispose of such Shares.

5 

6. Representations and Warranties. As a condition to the receipt of any Shares upon vesting of the Performance Restricted Stock Units, the Company may
 require Participant to make any representations and warranties to the Company that legal counsel to the Company may determine to be required or advisable under any applicable law or regulation, including without limitation, representations and
 warranties that the Shares are being acquired only for investment and without any present intention or view to sell or distribute any such Shares.

7. Compliance With Law and Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from
 any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares issuable upon settlement of the Performance Restricted Stock Units prior to the completion of any
 registration or qualification of the Shares under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other governmental
 regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or
 advisable. Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the
 issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, Participant agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement without Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws
 applicable to issuance of Shares.

8. Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, Participant s employer (the Employer ), the
 ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant or deemed by the
 Company or the Employer in its discretion to be an appropriate charge to Participant even if legally applicable to the Company or the Employer Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any,
 actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of
 the Performance Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at settlement and the receipt of any dividends; and (b)
 do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Performance Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. 
 Further, if Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items
 in more than one jurisdiction.

In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company
 and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items.

6 

Full payment of the Tax-Related Items shall be made by any of the following, or a combination thereof, subject to the Company s right to eliminate, prior to
 vesting, any of the following as permissible payment methods: (i) in cash or cash equivalents (including certified check, bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds); (ii) by tendering previously acquired Shares (either actually or by
 attestation) valued at their then-Fair Market Value; (iii) by withholding Shares otherwise issuable in connection with the vesting of the Performance Restricted Stock Units; (iv) through same-day voluntary or involuntary (on Participant s behalf
 pursuant to this authorization) sales through a broker if permitted by the Company s Securities Trading Policy; (v) withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and/or the Employer; or (vi) any
 combination of any of the foregoing. In the absence of Participant s timely election or in the event Section 16(b) applies to Participant, the Company will withhold in Shares upon the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable. In the
 event that such withholding in Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, the Participant authorizes and directs the Company and/or Employer, or their respective agents, at their
 discretion, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligation with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the methods above.

Depending on the withholding method, the Company and/or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable withholding rates
 in Participant's jurisdiction(s) (up to the rate that will not cause an adverse accounting consequence or cost, including pursuant to ASC Topic 718, as applicable). If the Company and/or the Employer withhold more than the amount necessary to
 satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items, Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent Shares or, if not refunded, Participant may be able to seek a refund from the applicable
 tax authorities. If the Company and/or the Employer withhold less than the amount necessary to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items, Participant may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or
 to the Company and/or the Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance Restricted
 Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.

Participant agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or
 account for as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if Participant fails to comply
 with Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.

9. Nature of Grant. In accepting the Performance Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:

(a) the Plan is
 established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan;

7 

(b) the grant of
 Performance Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of Performance Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Performance Restricted Stock
 Units even if Performance Restricted Stock Units have been awarded in the past;

(c) nothing in this
 Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon Participant any right to continue in the employment or service of the Employer, the Company or any Subsidiary or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or services contract with the
 Employer, the Company or any Subsidiary and shall not interfere with or restrict any way the ability of the Employer, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, to terminate Participant s employment or service relationship, if any;

(d) all decisions with
 respect to future grants of Performance Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee and/or Company;

(e) Participant s
 participation in the Plan is voluntary;

(f) the future value of
 the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and unpredictable;

(g) unless otherwise
 agreed with the Company, the Performance Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service
 Participant may provide as a director of any entity of the Company;

(h) in the event of the
 termination of Participant s Continuous Service (as defined above) (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of
 Participant s employment agreement, if any), unless otherwise determined by the Company, Participant s right to vest in the Performance Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of the date Participant is no longer actively
 rendering services and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the
 jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any); the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer providing Continuous Service for purposes of this
 Agreement, including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing active service while on a leave of absence;

(i) Performance
 Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to Performance Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculation of any
 severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments;

8 

(j) Performance
 Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to Performance Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;

(k) Performance
 Restricted Stock Units are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for service of any kind rendered to the Company or to the Employer, and Performance Restricted Stock Units are outside of the scope of
 Participant s employment agreement, if any;

(l) no claim or
 entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of Performance Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of Participant s Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in
 breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any); and

(m) neither the
 Company, the Employer nor any Subsidiary of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of Performance Restricted Stock Units or
 of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Performance Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement.

10. Data Privacy Notice and Consent. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or
 other form, of Participant s personal data, as described in this Agreement and any other Performance Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as
 applicable, the Employer, the Company and Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 

Participant understands that the Employer, the Company and Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about
 Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number, passport information, social insurance number or other identification number, salary,
 nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares or other equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, exercised, vested, unvested or
 outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.

9 

Participant understands that Data will be transferred to Morgan Stanley, or such other stock plan service provider as
 may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or
 elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request
 a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company, Morgan Stanley and any other possible recipients which may assist the
 Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing
 Participant s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the Shares received upon vesting of Performance Restricted Stock Units may be deposited. 
 Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any
 time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human
 resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her
 employment status or service with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company may not be able to grant Performance Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to
 Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of his or
 her refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative.

Upon request of the Company or the Employer, Participant agrees to provide an executed data privacy form (or any other
 agreements or consents) that the Company and/or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from Participant for the purpose of administering Participant s participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in Participant s country,
 either now or in the future. Participant understands and agrees that he or she will not be able to participate in the Plan if Participant fails to provide any such consent or agreement as requested by the Company and/or the Employer.

11. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

11.1 Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the sender s
 local mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid and properly addressed to the party entitled to such notice at the latest address on file or at such other address as such party may designate by ten days advance written notice under this
 Section to all other parties to this Agreement.

11.2 Waiver. The failure of the Company in any instance to exercise any rights under this Agreement, including the forfeiture rights under Section 4, shall not constitute a
 waiver of any other rights that may subsequently arise under the provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Participant. Participant acknowledges that no waiver by the Company of any breach of any provision of
 this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other Participant, whether of like or different nature.

10 

11.3 Imposition of Other Requirements Participant Undertaking. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan,
 on the Performance Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Participant hereby agrees to take whatever additional
 action and execute whatever additional documents the Company may deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out the foregoing or one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed on either Participant or the Shares pursuant to the
 provisions of this Agreement.

11.4 Entire Contract. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein. 
 This Agreement is made pursuant to, and incorporates by reference, the provisions of the Plan and shall in all respects be construed in conformity with the terms of the Plan.

11.5 Language. Participant acknowledges that he or she is sufficiently proficient in English, or, alternatively, Participant acknowledges that he or she will seek
 appropriate assistance to understand the terms and conditions in this Agreement. Furthermore, if Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning
 of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.

11.6 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by
 electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by
 the Company.

11.7 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns and upon
 Participant, Participant s permitted assigns and the legal representatives, heirs and legatees of Participant s estate, whether or not any such person shall have become a party to this Agreement and have agreed in writing to join herein and be
 bound by the terms hereof. Participant may not assign this Agreement other than by the laws of descent and distribution.

11.8 Severability. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or
 unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

11.9 Governing Law and Choice of Venue. The Performance Restricted Stock Units and the provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by, and subject to, the laws of the
 State of Utah, United States, without regard to the conflict of law provisions, as provided in the Plan. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Agreement or this grant of Performance Restricted Stock Units, the parties
 hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Utah, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of Utah County, Utah, or the
 federal courts of the United States for the District of Utah, where this grant is made and/or to be performed.

11.10 Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Performance Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in
 any Appendix to this Agreement for Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company
 determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.

11 

11.11 Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws. Participant acknowledges that, depending on Participant s country, broker s country, or where Shares are listed,
 Participant may be subject to insider trading and/or market abuse laws which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to such shares (e.g., Performance Restricted Stock Units) or rights
 linked to the value of Shares under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have material nonpublic information or inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the relevant
 jurisdiction). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing
 inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or
 regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy, and the requirements of applicable laws may or may not be consistent with the terms of the Company s insider trading
 policy. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter.

11.12 Exchange Control Tax and Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements . Participant
 acknowledges that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan
 (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage, bank account or legal entity outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, balances, assets and/or the related transactions
 to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or
 broker within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. Participant
 agrees to take any and all actions, and consents to any and all actions taken by the Company or the Employer as may be required to allow the Company or the Employer to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in Participant s country of
 residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in
 Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 

12 

11.13 Section 409A . The Performance Restricted Stock Units and issuance of Shares thereunder are intended to comply with Code Section 409A and the U.S. Treasury Regulations
 relating thereto so as not to subject the Participant to the payment of additional taxes and interest under Code Section 409A or other adverse tax consequences. In furtherance of this intent, the provisions of this Agreement will be interpreted,
 operated, and administered in a manner consistent with these intentions. The Committee may modify the terms of this Agreement, the Plan or both, without the consent of the Participant, in the manner that the Committee may determine to be
 necessary or advisable in order to comply with Code Section 409A or to mitigate any additional tax, interest and/or penalties or other adverse tax consequences that may apply under Code Section 409A if compliance is not practical. This Section
 11.12 does not create an obligation on the part of the Company to modify the terms of this Agreement or the Plan and does not guarantee that the Performance Restricted Stock Units or the delivery of Shares upon vesting/settlement of the
 Performance Restricted Stock Units will not be subject to taxes, interest and penalties or any other adverse tax consequences under Code Section 409A. Nothing in this Agreement shall provide a basis for any person to take any action against the
 Company or any of its Subsidiaries based on matters covered by Code Section 409A, including the tax treatment of any amounts paid under this Agreement, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will have any liability under any
 circumstances to the Participant or any other party if the Performance Restricted Stock Units, the delivery of Shares upon vesting/settlement of the Performance Restricted Stock Units or other payment or tax event hereunder that is intended to be
 exempt from, or compliant with, Code Section 409A, is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Committee with respect thereto. Further, settlement of any portion of the Performance Restricted Stock Units that is Deferred
 Compensation may not be accelerated or postponed except to the extent permitted by Code Section 409A.

By electronically accepting this Agreement and participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions in the
 Plan and this Agreement, including the Appendix. Within six months of the Grant Date, if Participant has not electronically accepted this Agreement on Morgan Stanley s website, or the website of any other stock plan service provider appointed by the
 Company, and has not otherwise rejected the grant, then this award shall automatically be deemed accepted, and Participant shall be bound by the terms and conditions in the Plan and this Agreement, including the Appendix.

13 

APPENDIX

FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S.

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

 PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms in this Appendix shall have the same defined meaning assigned to them in the Plan and the Agreement.

This Appendix includes special country-specific terms and conditions that apply to Participants in the countries listed below. This Appendix is part of the
 Agreement. This Appendix also includes information of which Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. For example, certain individual exchange control reporting requirements may apply upon vesting of the
 Performance Restricted Stock Units and/or sale of Shares. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2022 and is provided for informational purposes. Such laws are
 often complex and change frequently, and results may be different based on the particular facts and circumstances. As a result, the Company recommends that Participant does not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information
 relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Performance Restricted Stock Units vest or are settled, or Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan.

In addition, the information is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure
 Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to his or her situation.

Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which he or she currently is residing and/or working, transfers employment
 after the Performance Restricted Stock Units are granted to him or her, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the terms and conditions and/or notifications contained herein may not be applicable to him or her, and the
 Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent such terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to him or her.

DATA PRIVACY PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO GRANTEES IN THE EUROPEAN UNION/EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 

The following provision replaces Section 10 of the Agreement: 

Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to
 applicable data protection laws, Participant is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes, uses and transfers certain personally-identifiable information about Participant for the exclusive legitimate purpose of granting Restricted Stock
 Units and implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. Specifics of the data processing are described below. 

14 

Controller, EU Representative and DPO . 
 The Company is the controller responsible for the processing of Participant s personal data in connection with the Plan. The Company s representative in the European Union is NSE Products Europe BVBA, Da Vincilaan 9, 1935 Zaventem, Belgium,
 telephone number +32 2 722 70 00. Participant can reach the data protection officer DPO of the Company at +1 (801) 345-1505, 75 West Center Street, Provo, Utah 84601. 

Personal Data Subject to Processing . 
 The Company collects, processes and uses the following types of personal data about Participant: Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport number or other identification number,
 salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, settled, vested, unvested or outstanding in
 Participant s favor, which the Company receives from Participant or the Employer, as well as Participant s hire date, term date, term reason code, status, and Company s Division Personal Data ). 

Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing . 
 The Company processes the Personal Data for the purpose of granting Performance Restricted Stock Units, implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. The legal basis for the processing of the Personal Data by
 the Company and the third party service providers described below is the necessity of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and generally administering employee equity awards. 

Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Personal Data to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and its affiliated companies (collectively, Morgan Stanley ), an independent stock plan administrator with operations, relevant to the Company, in the
 United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select different service providers and may share Personal Data with such service providers. As a data
 controller, the Company s stock plan administrator will open an account for Participant to receive and trade Shares. Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service provider, which is a condition
 of Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. Participant s Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating Participant s participation in the
 Plan. Participant understands that Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data by contacting Participant s local human resources representative. 

International Data Transfers . The
 Company and its service providers, including, without limitation, Morgan Stanley, operate, relevant to the Company, in the United States, which means that it will be necessary for Personal Data to be transferred to, and processed in, the United
 States. Participant understands and acknowledges that the United States is not subject to an unlimited adequacy finding by the European Commission and that Participant s Personal Data may not have an equivalent level of protection as compared to
 Participant s country of residence. 

The legal basis for the processing of the Personal Data by the Company and the third party service providers is the necessity of the data processing for the
 Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and generally administering employee equity awards.

15 

Data Retention . The Company will use
 the Personal Data only as long as necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including tax and securities laws. When the Company no longer
 needs the Personal Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. If the Company keeps data longer, it would be to satisfy tax, legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be relevant laws or regulations. 

Data Subject Rights . To the extent
 provided by law, Participant has the right to (i) inquire whether and what kind of Personal Data the Company holds about Participant and how it is processed, and to access or request copies of such Personal Data, (ii) request the correction or
 supplementation of Personal Data that is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date in light of the purposes underlying the processing, or (iii) obtain the erasure of Personal Data no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing or
 processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements. In addition, Participant has, to the extent provided by law, the right to (iv) request the Company to restrict the processing of Personal Data in certain situations where Participant
 feels its processing is inappropriate, (v) object, in certain circumstances, to the processing of Personal Data for legitimate interests, and to (vi) request portability of Personal Data that Participant has actively or passively provided to the
 Company, where the processing of such Personal Data is based on consent or a contractual agreement with Participant and is carried out by automated means. In case of concerns, Participant also has the right to (vii) lodge a complaint with the
 competent local data protection authority. To receive additional information regarding Participant s rights, raise any other questions regarding the practices described in this Agreement or to exercise his or her rights, Participant should contact
 his or her local human resources representative. 

Contractual Requirement . Participant s
 provision of Personal Data and its processing as described above is required for the performance of the Company s obligations pursuant to the Plan and a condition to Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. Participant understands that,
 as a consequence of Participant s refusing to provide Personal Data, the Company may not be able to allow Participant to participate in the Plan, grant Performance Restricted Stock Units to Participant or administer or maintain such Performance
 Restricted Stock Units. However, Participant s participation in the Plan and his or her acceptance of this Agreement are purely voluntary. While Participant will not receive Performance Restricted Stock Units if he or she decides against
 participating in the Plan or providing Personal Data as described above, Participant s career and salary will not be affected in any way. For more information on the consequences of the refusal to provide Personal Data, Participant may contact his
 or her local human resources representative. 

AUSTRALIA 

Nature of Plan . The Plan and the Agreement is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to the conditions in the Act). 

Securities Law Information . The offer of the
 Performance Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, Australian Securities Investments Commission ASIC Regulatory Guide 49 and ASIC Class Order CO 14/1000. Additional details are set
 forth in the Offer Document for the offer of Performance Restricted Stock Units to Australian Resident Participants, which will be provided to Participant with this Agreement. 

16 

Exchange Control Information . Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding AUD10,000 and for international fund transfers. If an Australian bank is assisting with the
 transaction, the bank will file the report on the Participant s behalf. 

BELGIUM 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . 
 Participant is required to report any securities e.g. , Shares acquired under the Plan) or bank accounts established outside of Belgium on his or her annual tax
 return. In a separate report, Belgium residents are also required to provide the National Bank of Belgium with the account details of any such foreign accounts
 (including the account number, bank name and country in which any such account was opened). This report, as well as additional information on how to complete it, can be found on the website of the National Bank of Belgium, www.nbb.be, under
 Kredietcentrales / Centrales des cr dits caption. Participant should consult a personal tax advisor with respect to the applicable reporting obligations. 

Annual Securities Accounts Tax . If the value of
 securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account exceeds EUR 1 million, a new annual securities accounts tax applies. Belgian residents should consult with their personal tax advisor regarding the new tax. 

CANADA 

Performance Restricted Stock Units Only Payable in Shares . Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan, the Performance Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares only. The grant of Performance Restricted Stock Units does not provide any right for Participant to receive a cash payment. 

Securities Law Information . Participant
 acknowledges and agrees that he or she will sell Shares acquired through participation in the Plan only outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Shares are currently listed on the New York
 Stock Exchange in the United States. 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . Participant is required to report any specified foreign property (including Shares) annually on Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost
 of Participant s specified foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. The form must be filed by April 30th of the following year. Specified foreign property includes Shares acquired under the Plan and may include Performance
 Restricted Stock Units. The Performance Restricted Stock Units must be reported generally at a nil cost if the 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign property Participant holds. If Shares are acquired, their cost generally
 is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB would normally equal the fair market value of the Shares at vesting for Performance Restricted Stock Units, but if Participant owns other shares, this ACB may have to be averaged with the
 ACB of the other shares. It is Participant s responsibility to comply with applicable reporting obligations. 

17 

The following provisions apply if Participant is resident in Quebec:

Data Privacy . Participant hereby authorizes the
 Company, the Employer and their representatives, including any broker(s) designated by the Company to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the
 Plan. Participant further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. Participant further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries to record such information and to keep such information in
 the his or her employee file. 

Language Consent . The parties acknowledge that it
 is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 

Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de cette convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et
 proc dures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement ou suite la pr sente convention.

CHINA 

The following provisions apply only to Participants who are subject to exchange control restrictions imposed by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
 ("SAFE"), as determined by the Company in its sole discretion:

Settlement of Performance Restricted Stock Units . 
 This provision supplements Section 1.4 of the Agreement: 

The Performance Restricted Stock Units will only vest if and when the Company has completed the registration of the Plan with SAFE and provided such
 registration remains effective. If the Company is unable to complete the registration or maintain the registration, the settlement of the Performance Restricted Stock Units may be delayed. Shares issued to Participant under the Plan must be
 maintained in an account with Morgan Stanley or such other broker as may be designated by the Company until the Shares are sold through that broker. Due to local regulatory requirements, Participant agrees that the Company may force the sale of any
 Shares obtained at vesting. The sale may occur immediately upon vesting or within any other time frame as the Company determines to be necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons.

Furthermore, due to regulatory requirements, Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant must sell any Shares issued to Participant upon vesting of
 the Performance Restricted Stock Units as soon as practicable following the termination of Participant s Continuous Service and in no event later than six months following the termination of Participant s Continuous Service, or within any other such
 time frame as may be required by SAFE. Participant agrees that if Participant continues to hold any of such Shares after this time, the Shares will be sold by the Company s designated broker on Participant s behalf at the instruction of the
 Company. Therefore, by accepting the Performance Restricted Stock Units, Participant understands and agrees that the Company is authorized to, and may in its sole discretion, instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of Shares
 (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization) and that Participant expressly authorizes the Company s designated broker to complete the sale of such Shares. Participant acknowledges that the Company s designated broker is under no
 obligation to arrange for the sale of the Shares at any particular price. Upon the sale of the Shares, the proceeds, less any Tax-Related Items and brokerage fees or commissions will be remitted to Participant pursuant to the procedures described in
 the Exchange Control Information section below.

18 

Exchange Control Information . Participant
 understands and agrees that, to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements, Participant will be required to immediately repatriate to China the cash proceeds from the sale of the Shares issued upon the vesting of the Performance
 Restricted Stock Units. Participant further understands that, under local law, such repatriation of the cash proceeds will be effectuated through a special exchange control account established by the Company or its Subsidiary in China, and
 Participant hereby consents and agrees that the proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to Participant. The Company may deliver the proceeds to Participant in
 U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid in U.S. dollars, Participant understands that he or she will be required to set up a U.S. dollar bank account in China so that the proceeds may be deposited into
 this account. If the proceeds are converted to local currency, there may be delays in delivering the proceeds to Participant. Participant agrees to bear the risk of any currency fluctuation between the time the Shares are sold, either through
 voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company, or proceeds are otherwise realized under the Plan and the time such proceeds are distributed to Participant through the special exchange control account. 

Participant further agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future to facilitate compliance with exchange
 control requirements in China.

DENMARK 

Danish Stock Option Act. Participant acknowledges that they have received an Employer Statement in Danish which sets forth additional terms of the Performance Restricted Stock Units, to the extent that
 the Danish Stock Option Act applies to the Performance Restricted Stock Units. 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . If
 Participant establishes an account holding Shares or an account holding cash outside Denmark, he or she must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration. The form may be obtained from a local bank. 

GERMANY 

Exchange Control Information . Cross-border payments
 in excess of 12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank. In case of payments in connection with securities (including payment of the Grant Price and the proceeds realized upon the sale of Shares), the report must be made by the 5th
 day of the month following the month in which the payment was made/received. The report must be filed electronically. The form of report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website www.bundesbank.de and is available in both
 German and English. Participant is responsible for satisfying the reporting obligation. 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . 
 German residents holding Shares must notify their local tax office if the acquisition of Shares under the Plan leads to a so-called qualified participation at any point during the calendar year. A qualified participation is attained only in the
 unlikely event (i) Participant owns at least 1 of the Company and the value of the Shares acquired exceeds 150,000, or (ii) Participant holds Shares exceeding 10 of the total capital of the Company. 

19 

HONG KONG 

Performance Restricted Stock Units Only Payable in Shares . Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan, the Performance Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares only. The grant of Performance Restricted Stock Units does not provide any right for Participant to receive a cash payment. 

Restriction on Sale of Shares . Shares received
 under the Plan are accepted as a personal investment. Should any portion of the Performance Restricted Stock Units vest within six months of the Grant Date, Participant agrees that Participant will not dispose of the Shares acquired at vesting
 prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 

Securities Law Information . Warning: The contents
 of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Participant is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the Agreement, including this
 Appendix, or the Plan, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. The Performance Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued pursuant to the grant do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are
 available only to employees of the Company . The Agreement, including this Appendix, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public
 offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Performance Restricted Stock Units and any related documentation are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Company and may not be
 distributed to any other person. 

HUNGARY 

There are no country-specific provisions.

INDONESIA 

Language Consent and Notification . A translation
 of the documents related to this grant into Bahasa Indonesia can be provided to Participant upon request to hroperations@nuskin.com. By accepting the grant, Participant (i) confirms having read and understood the documents relating to this grant
 i.e. , the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language, (ii) accepts the terms of those documents accordingly, and (iii) agrees not to
 challenge the validity of this document based on Law No. 24 of 2009 on National Flag, Language, Coat of Arms and National Anthem or the implementing Presidential Regulation (when issued). 

Language Consent and Notification . Terjemahan dari
 dokumen-dokumen terkait dengan pemberian ini ke Bahasa Indonesia dapat disediakan untuk anda berdasarkan permintaan kepada hroperations@nuskin.com. Dengan menerima hibah, anda (i) anda mengkonfirmasi bahwa anda telah membaca dan mengerti isi
 dokumen yang terkait dengan pemberian ini yang disediakan untuk anda dalam bahasa Inggris, (ii) Anda menerima syarat dari dokumen-dokumen tersebut, dan (iii) anda setuju bahwa anda tidak akan mengajukan keberatan atas keberlakuan dokumen ini
 berdasarkan Undang-Undang No. 24 tahun 2009 tentang Bendera, Bahasa dan Lambang Negara serta Lagu Kebangsaan atau Peraturan Presiden pelaksana (ketika diterbitkan). 

20 

Exchange Control Information . If Participant
 remits proceeds from the sale of Shares or the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares into Indonesia, the Indonesian Bank through which the transaction is made will submit a report on the transaction to the Bank of Indonesia for statistical
 reporting purposes. For transactions of US 10,000 or more, a description of the transaction must be included in the report. Although the bank through which the transaction is made is required to make the report, Participant must complete a
 Transfer Report Form. The Transfer Report Form should be provided to Participant by the bank through which the transaction is made. 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . 
 Indonesian residents have the obligation to report worldwide assets (including foreign accounts and Shares acquired under the Plan) in their annual individual income tax return. 

JAPAN 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . 
 Participant will be required to report details of any assets (including any Shares acquired under the Plan) held outside of Japan as of December 31 st of each year, to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding
 50 million. Such report will be due by March 15 th of the following year. Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to Participant and whether Participant will be
 required to report details of any outstanding Performance Restricted Stock Units or Shares held by Participant in the report. 

KOREA 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts e.g. , non-Korean bank
 accounts, brokerage accounts, etc.) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts if the value of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency). Participant should consult with
 his or her personal tax advisor to determine how to value Participant s foreign accounts for purposes of this reporting requirement and whether Participant is required to file a report with respect to such accounts. 

MALAYSIA 

Director Notification Information . If Participant
 is a director of a Malaysian Subsidiary, Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act, 1965. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Malaysian Subsidiary in writing when Participant
 receives an interest e.g. , Performance Restricted Stock Units) in the Company or any related companies. In addition, Participant must notify the Malaysian
 Subsidiary when Participant sells Shares of the Company or any related company (including when Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within fourteen days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in
 the Company or any related company. 

21 

Data Privacy Notice and Consent . This provision
 replaces in its entirety Section 10 of the Agreement: 

Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or
 other form, of Participant s personal data, as described in this Agreement and any other Performance Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of
 implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan.

 Participant understands that the Employer, the Company and Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information
 about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held
 in the Company, details of all Performance Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
 administering and managing the Plan Data ). The Data is supplied by the Employer and also by me through information collected in connection with the Agreement and the Plan.

Participant understands that Data will be transferred to Morgan Stanley, or such other stock plan service
 provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the
 United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United
 States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative at +60-03-2170-7700. Participant authorizes the Company, Morgan Stanley
 and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the
 purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the Shares received upon vesting
 of Performance Restricted Stock Units may be deposited. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if
 he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein,
 in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not
 consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s
 consent is that the Company may not be able to grant Participant Performance Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her
 consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of his or her refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local
 human resources representative.

Peserta dengan ini secara eksplisit dan tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan
 pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, data peribadi Peserta seperti yang diterangkan dalam Perjanjian dan bahan-bahan geran Unit Saham Terbatas yang lain oleh dan di antara, seperti yang berkenaan, Majikan, Syarikat dan
 Anak-anak Syarikat untuk tujuan yang eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan Peserta di dalam Pelan.

 Peserta memahami bahawa Majikan, Syarikat and Anak-anak Syarikat mungkin memegang maklumat peribadi tertentu
 tentang Peserta, termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada, nama Peserta, alamat rumah dan nombor telefon, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa Syer atau jawatan pengarah yang
 dipegang dalam Syarikat, butir-butir semua Unit Saham Terbatas, atau apa-apa hak lain atas Syer yang dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, terletak hak, tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum dijelaskan bagi faedah Peserta, untuk tujuan
 eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut ("Data"). Data tersebut dibekalkan oleh Majikan dan juga oleh saya berkenaan dengan Perjanjian dan Pelan.

 Peserta memahami bahawa Data ini akan dipindahkan kepada Morgan Stanley, atau mana-mana pembekal perkhidmatan
 pelan saham lain sebagaimana yang dipilih oleh Syarikat pada masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat dengan pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelan. Peserta memahami bahawa penerima-penerima Data mungkin berada di Amerika Syarikat atau
 mana-mana tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima-penerima (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang berbeza daripada negara Peserta. Peserta memahami bahawa sekiranya Peserta menetap
 di luar Amerika Syarikat, Peserta boleh meminta satu senarai yang mengandungi nama-nama dan alamat-alamat penerima-penerima Data yang berpotensi dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatan peserta di +60-03-2170-7700. Peserta memberi
 kuasa kepada Syarikat, Morgan Stanley dan mana-mana penerima-penerima kemungkinan lain yang mungkin akan membantu Syarikat (pada masa sekarang atau pada masa depan) dengan melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan untuk menerima,
 memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan memindahkan Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, bagi tujuan-tujuan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan Peserta di dalam Pelan, termasuk segala pemindahan Data tersebut
 sebagaimana yang dikehendaki kepada broker, egen eskrow atau pihak ketiga dengan siapa Saham diterima semasa peletakhakan Unit Saham Terbatas mungkin didepositkan. Peserta memahami bahawa Data hanya akan disimpan selagi ia adalah
 diperlukan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir, dan menguruskan penyertaan peserta dalam Pelan. Peserta memahami bahawa sekiranya peserta menetap di luar Amerika Syarikat, peserta boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat Data, meminta maklumat
 tambahan mengenai penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta bahawa pindaan-pindaan dilaksanakan ke atas Data atau menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, dalam mana-mana kes, tanpa kos, dengan menghubungi secara bertulis wakil
 sumber manusia tempatan. Selanjutnya, Peserta memahami bahawa peserta memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela semata-mata. Sekiranya Peserta tidak bersetuju, atau sekiranya Peserta kemudian membatalkan persetujuannya, status
 pekerjaan atau perkhidmatan dan kerjaya Peserta dengan Majikan tidak akan terjejas; satu-satunya akibat buruk sekiranya Peserta tidak bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuan Peserta adalah bahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan Unit
 Saham Terbatas atau anugerah ekuiti lain atau mentadbir atau mengekalkan anugerah-anugerah tersebut kepada Peserta. Oleh itu, Peserta memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan balik persetujuan peserta boleh menjejaskan keupayaan Peserta
 untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan. Untuk maklumat lebih lanjut mengenai akibat-akibat keengganan Peserta untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik keizinan, Peserta memahami bahawa Peserta boleh menghubungi wakil sumber manusia
 tempatan.

22 

NETHERLANDS 

There are no country-specific provisions.

NEW ZEALAND 

Securities Law Information . Participant is being
 offered Performance Restricted Stock Units which, if vested, allows Participant to acquire Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Plan. The Shares, if issued, will give Participant a stake in the ownership of the Company. 
 Participant may receive a return if dividends are paid. 

If the Company runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, Participant will be paid only after all creditors have been paid. Participant may lose some
 or all of Participant s investment, if any.

New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to
 help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share scheme. As a result, Participant may not be given all the information usually required. Participant will also have
 fewer other legal protections for this investment. Participant should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing.

The Shares are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). This means that if Participant acquires Shares under the Plan, Participant may be able to sell
 the Shares on the NYSE if there are interested buyers. Participant may get less than Participant invested. The price will depend on the demand for the Shares.

23 

For information on risk factors impacting the Company s business that may affect the value of the Shares, Participant should refer to the risk factors
 discussion on the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are available online at www.sec.gov, 
 as well as on the Company s Investor Relations website at http://ir.nuskin.com 

SINGAPORE 

Sale Restriction . Participant
 agrees that any Shares acquired pursuant to the Performance Restricted Stock Units will not be offered for sale in Singapore prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date, unless such offer or sale is made pursuant to the exemptions under
 Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ), or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 

Securities Law Information . The grant of the
 Performance Restricted Stock Units is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA under which it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements and is not made with a view to the
 underlying Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 

Director Notification Requirement . Directors,
 associate directors and shadow directors of a Singapore subsidiary or affiliate are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. The directors, associate directors and shadow directors must notify the Singapore
 subsidiary or affiliate in writing of an interest e.g. , Performance Restricted Stock Units, Shares, etc.) in the Company or any related companies within two
 business days of (i) its acquisition or disposal, (ii) any change in a previously disclosed interest e.g., when the Shares are sold), or (iii) becoming a director,
 associate director or shadow director. 

TAIWAN 

Data Privacy Consent . Participant hereby acknowledges that he or she has read and understood the terms regarding collection, processing and transfer of Data contained in Section 10 of the Agreement and by
 participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to such terms. In this regard, upon request of the Company or the Employer, Participant agrees to provide an executed data privacy consent form to the Employer or the Company (or any other agreements
 or consents that may be required by the Employer or the Company) that the Company and/or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in Participant s country, either now or in the future. Participant understands he or she
 will not be able to participate in the Plan if Participant fails to execute any such consent or agreement. 

Securities Law Information . The Performance
 Restricted Stock Units and the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only to employees of the Company. The grant of the Performance Restricted Stock Units does not constitute a public offer of securities. 

24 

Exchange Control Information . Participant may
 remit foreign currency (including proceeds from the sale of Shares or the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares) into or out of Taiwan up to US 5,000,000 per year without special permission. If the transaction amount is TWD500,000 or more
 in a single transaction, Participant must submit a Foreign Exchange Transaction Form to the remitting bank and provide supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. 

THAILAND 

Exchange Control Information . If the proceeds from
 the sale of Shares or the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares are equal to or greater than US 1,000,000 or more in a single transaction, Participant must repatriate the proceeds to Thailand immediately upon receipt and convert the funds to
 Thai Baht or deposit the proceeds in a foreign currency deposit account maintained by a bank in Thailand within 360 day of remitting the proceeds to Thailand. In addition Participant must report the inward remittance to the Bank of Thailand on a
 foreign exchange transaction form. If Participant fails to comply with these obligations, Participant may be subject to penalties assessed by the Bank of Thailand. Because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice,
 Participant should consult his or her personal advisor before selling Shares to ensure compliance with current regulations. Participant is responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in Thailand, and neither the Company nor
 any of its Subsidiaries will be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from his or her failure to comply with applicable laws. 

25 

SCHEDULE A

[Performance Vesting Provisions]

26 

SCHEDULE B

 DENMARK EMPLOYER STATEMENT

S RLIG MEDDELELSE TIL MEDARBEJDERE I DANMARK

 ARBEJDSGIVERERKL RING

I henhold til 3, stk. 1, i lov om brug af k beret eller tegningsret mv. i ans ttelsesforhold ("Aktieoptionsloven") er medarbejderen ("Medarbejderen")
 berettiget til i en s rskilt skriftlig erkl ring at modtage f lgende oplysninger vedr rende incitamentsordningen Third Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan ("Planen") hos Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. ("Selskabet").

Denne erkl ring indeholder kun de oplysninger, der er n vnt i Aktieoptionsloven, mens de vrige vilk r og betingelser for Medarbejderens tildeling af "
 Performance Restricted Stock Units" er n rmere beskrevet i Planen, "Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement" ("Aftalen") og det vrige tildelingsmateriale, som er blevet udleveret. Begreber, der st r med stort begyndelsesbogstav i denne
 Arbejdsgivererkl ring, men som ikke er defineret heri, har samme betydning som de begreber, der er defineret i Planen eller Aftalen.

1. Tidspunkt for tildeling af den
 vederlagsfri ret til at modtage aktier mod opfyldelse af visse betingelser

Tidspunktet for tildelingen af "Performance Restricted Stock Units" er den dato, hvor Bestyrelsens Vederlagsudvalg ("Udvalget") godkendte tildelingen.

2. Kriterier og betingelser for tildeling
 af retten til senere at modtage aktier

Kun Selskabets Medarbejdere, bestyrelsesmedlemmer og konsulenter kan deltage i Planen. Tildeling af " Performance Restricted Stock Units" i henhold til Planen
 sker efter Selskabets eget sk n og har til form l at give Selskabet og dets datterselskaber mulighed for at tiltr kke og fastholde udvalgte medarbejdere, som forventes at bidrage til Selskabets success og opn langsigtede m l til gavn for Selskabets
 aktion rer. Medarbejderen har ikke nogen ret til eller noget krav p fremover at f tildelt "Performance Restricted Stock Units".

3. Modningstidspunkt eller -periode

Dine "Performance Restricted Stock Units" optjenes over et antal r som fastsat i Aftalen. Dine "Performance Restricted Stock Units"r vil ved optjeningen
 blive konverteret til et tilsvarende antal ordin re aktier i Selskabet. Optjeningen kan accelerere under visse andre omst ndigheder som beskrevet i Aftalen.

4. Udnyttelseskurs

Der betales ingen udnyttelseskurs ved modning af "Performance Restricted Stock Units" eller udstedelse af aktier til Medarbejderen.

27 

5. Medarbejderens retsstilling i
 forbindelse med fratr den

S fremt du fratr der din stilling, vil dine "Performance Restricted Stock Units" blive behandlet i overensstemmelse med oph rsbestemmelserne i Aftalen, der kan
 opsummeres til f lgende: Undtagen i tilf lde af en "Change in Control" (som beskrevet i Aftalen) hvis dit ans ttelsesforhold bringes til oph r, bortfalder dine ikke-optjente "Performance Restricted Stock Units".

6. konomiske aspekter ved at deltage i
 Planen

Tildelingen af "Performance Restricted Stock Units" har ingen umiddelbare konomiske konsekvenser for Medarbejderen. V rdien af "Performance Restricted Stock
 Units" indg r ikke i beregningen af feriepenge, pensionsbidrag eller andre lovpligtige, vederlagsafh ngige ydelser.

Ordin re aktier er finansielle instrumenter. Den fremtidige v rdi af de underliggende aktier i forbindelse med "Performance Restricted Stock Units" kendes
 ikke og kan ikke forudsiges med sikkerhed.

28 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 5
 brhc10046901_ex10-13.htm
 FORM OF THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 PLAN DIRECTOR RSU GRANT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.13 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, Participant s award information (the Award Summary ), which can be accessed on the Morgan Stanley stock plan website (currently www.stockplanconnect.com) or the website of any
 other stock plan administrator selected by the Company in the future, and the Appendix for Participant s country contained in this agreement, if any, (collectively, this Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units
 granted to Participant under the Third Amended and Restated Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ). In the event of a conflict between (i) the terms and conditions of the Plan; and (ii) the terms and conditions of this
 Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the same defined meaning assigned to them in the Plan.

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units. 

1.1 Grant of Restricted Stock Units. Effective as of the date of grant specified in the Award Summary (the Grant Date ), the
 Company grants to Participant an award of the number of Restricted Stock Units as set forth in the Award Summary. Each Restricted Stock Unit is a bookkeeping entry representing the Company s unfunded promise to deliver one Share on the terms
 provided herein and in the Plan.

1.2 Vesting of Restricted Stock Units. The Restricted Stock Units shall vest in full on the earlier of April 30 of the calendar
 year following the Grant Date or one day prior to the annual stockholder meeting in the calendar year following the Grant Date (the Vesting Date ), except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, including pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 4.

1.3 Termination of Continuous Service. In the event Participant s Continuous Service (as defined below) is terminated for any
 reason prior to the full vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder shall terminate to the extent they are not vested as of the termination of Participant s Continuous Service, as determined in accordance with
 Section 9(g) below, and Participant shall not have any right to receive any Shares subject to such unvested Restricted Stock Units.

For purposes of this Agreement:

Continuous Service means that Participant s service with the Company or a Subsidiary, whether as an Employee, Director, or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. Participant s Continuous Service shall not be
 deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which Participant renders service to the Company or a Subsidiary as an Employee, Consultant, or Director, or a change in the entity for which Participant renders such service,
 provided that there is no interruption or termination of Participant s Continuous Service. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of a Subsidiary or a Director will not constitute an interruption of
 Continuous Service. Subject to the requirements of applicable law, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any leave of absence approved by the Company or a
 Subsidiary, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave.

1 

1.4 Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. Subject to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, Restricted Stock Units shall be
 settled in Shares, provided that Participant has satisfied any Tax-Related Items pursuant to Section 8 below. Shares will be issued to Participant within a reasonable time following each Vesting Date, but in no event shall the Shares be issued more
 than 70 days from the end of the calendar year that includes the applicable Vesting Date unless subject to the terms of the Company s deferred compensation plan.

1.5 Stockholder Rights. Unless and until Shares are issued by the Company after the Vesting Date, Participant shall have none of
 the rights or privileges of a shareholder of the Company (including voting, dividend and liquidation rights) with respect to the Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Units.

2. Securities Law Compliance. Participant represents that Participant has received and carefully read a
 copy of the Prospectus for the Plan, together with the Company s most recent Annual Report to Stockholders. Participant hereby acknowledges that Participant is aware of the risks associated with the Shares and that there can be no assurance the
 price of the Shares will not decrease in the future. Participant hereby acknowledges that no representations or statements have been made to Participant concerning the value or potential value of the Shares. Participant acknowledges that
 Participant has relied only on information contained in the Prospectus and has received no representations, written or oral, from the Company or its employees, attorneys or agents, other than those contained in the Prospectus or this Agreement. 
 Participant acknowledges that the Company has made no representations or recommendations, and is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the
 underlying Shares. Participant is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.

3. Transfer Restrictions. Participant shall not transfer, assign, sell, encumber, pledge, grant a security
 interest in or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement in any manner other than by the laws of descent or distribution. Any such transfer, assignment, sale, encumbrance, pledge, security interest or disposition
 shall be void.

4. Forfeiture. If, at any time during Participant s Continuous Service or at any time during the 12-month
 period following termination of Participant s Continuous Service, a Forfeiture Event (as defined below) occurs, then at the election of the Committee, (a) this Agreement and all unvested Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder shall terminate, and
 (b) Participant shall return to the Company for cancellation all Shares held by Participant plus pay the Company the amount of any proceeds received from the sale of any Shares, to the extent such Shares were issued pursuant to Restricted Stock Units
 granted under this Agreement that vested (i) during the 12-month period immediately preceding the Forfeiture Event, or (ii) on the date of or at any time after such Forfeiture Event.

2 

Forfeiture Event means the following:

(a) an act of fraud or intentional misrepresentation related to Participant s services;

(b) disclosure or use of confidential information in a manner detrimental to the Company;

(c) competing with the Company; or

(d) any other willful misconduct by Participant that is materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of, or is otherwise materially injurious to, the Company. The
 Committee, in its sole discretion, may waive at any time in writing this forfeiture provision and release Participant from liability hereunder.

The forfeiture provisions of this Section 4 shall be applied by the Committee, at its discretion, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable laws. Further, these provisions are in addition to, and not in lieu
 of, any recoupment requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or under other applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange listing standards, including, without limitation, Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
 Protection Act of 2010 or Section 10D of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in the Plan. Participant expressly agrees that the Company may take such
 actions as are necessary or appropriate to effectuate the foregoing (as applicable to Participant) or applicable law without further consent or action being required by Participant. For purposes of the foregoing and as a condition to the grant,
 Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on Participant s behalf, to Morgan Stanley (or any other stock plan service provider engaged by the Company to administer awards granted under the Plan) to re-convey,
 transfer or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company.

5. Governing Plan Document. This Agreement incorporates by reference all of the terms and conditions of the
 Plan, as presently existing and as hereafter amended. Participant expressly acknowledges and agrees that the terms and provisions of this Agreement are subject in all respects to the provisions of the Plan. Participant also expressly:

(a) Acknowledges receipt of the Plan and represents that Participant is familiar with the provisions of the Plan, and that Participant enters into this Agreement subject to all of the
 provisions of the Plan;

(b) Recognizes that the Committee has been granted complete authority to administer the Plan in its sole discretion, and agrees to accept all decisions related to the Plan and all
 interpretations of the Plan made by the Committee as final and conclusive upon Participant and upon all persons at any time claiming any interest through Participant in the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares subject to this Agreement; and

3 

(c) Acknowledges and understands that the establishment of the Plan and the existence of this Agreement are not sufficient, in and of themselves, to exempt Participant from the requirements
 of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, and that Participant (to the extent Section 16(b) applies to Participant) shall not be exempt from such requirements pursuant to Rule 16b-3 unless and until
 Participant shall comply with all applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3, including without limitation, the possible requirement that Participant must not sell or otherwise dispose of any Shares acquired pursuant to Restricted Stock Units unless and
 until a period of at least six months shall have elapsed between the Grant Date and the date upon which Participant desires to sell or otherwise dispose of such Shares.

6. Representations and Warranties. As a condition to the receipt of any Shares upon vesting of the
 Restricted Stock Units, the Company may require Participant to make any representations and warranties to the Company that legal counsel to the Company may determine to be required or advisable under any applicable law or regulation, including
 without limitation, representations and warranties that the Shares are being acquired only for investment and without any present intention or view to sell or distribute any such Shares.

7. Compliance With Law and Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement,
 unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares issuable upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units prior to
 the completion of any registration or qualification of the Shares under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other
 governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem
 necessary or advisable. Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for
 the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, Participant agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement without Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws
 applicable to issuance of Shares.

8. Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company,
 the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant or deemed by the
 Company in its discretion to be an appropriate charge to Participant even if legally applicable to the Company Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company. 
 Participant further acknowledges that the Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant,
 vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at settlement and the receipt of any dividends; and (b) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of
 the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges
 that the Company may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.

4 

In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company to satisfy all Tax-Related Items.

Under current tax law, Participant is treated as an independent contractor for tax purposes, and as such, Participant is responsible to pay his or her Tax-Related Items without involvement by the Company. However,
 to the extent it becomes necessary or appropriate for the Company to assist in the collection of Participant s Tax-Related Items, full payment of the Tax-Related Items shall be made by any of the following, or a combination thereof, subject to the
 Committee s or Company s right to eliminate, prior to vesting, any of the following as permissible payment methods: (i) in cash or cash equivalents (including certified check, bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds); (ii) by
 tendering previously acquired Shares (either actually or by attestation) valued at their then-Fair Market Value; (iii) by withholding Shares otherwise issuable in connection with the vesting of the RSUs; (iv) through same-day voluntary or involuntary
 (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization) sales through a broker if permitted by the Company s Securities Trading Policy; (v) withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company; or (vi)
 any combination of any of the foregoing. In the absence of Participant s timely election or in the event Section 16(b) applies to Participant and withholding of Tax-Related items is necessary, the Company will withhold in Shares upon the relevant
 taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable. In the event that such withholding in Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, Participant authorizes and directs the Company or
 its agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligation with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the methods above.

Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable withholding rates in Participant s jurisdiction(s) (up to the rate that will not cause an adverse
 accounting consequence or cost, including pursuant to ASC Topic 718, as applicable). If the Company withholds more than the amount necessary to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items, Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount
 in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent Shares, or if not refunded, Participant may be able to seek a refund from the applicable tax authorities. If the Company withholds less than the amount necessary to satisfy the liability for
 Tax-Related Items, Participant may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes,
 Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.

Participant agrees to pay to the Company any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by
 the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if Participant fails to comply with Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.

5 

9. Nature of Grant. In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges, understands and
 agrees that:

(a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent
 permitted by the Plan;

(b) the grant of Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of Restricted Stock Units, or
 benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units even if Restricted Stock Units have been awarded in the past;

(c) nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon Participant any right to continue in the service of the Company as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or in any
 other capacity;

(d) all decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee and/or Company;

(e) Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary;

(f) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and unpredictable;

(g) in the event of the termination of Participant s Continuous Service (as defined above) (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid), unless otherwise expressly
 provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of the date Participant s Continuous Service terminated, as determined by the Committee in
 its sole discretion;

(h) Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but
 not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments;

(i) Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;

(j) Restricted Stock Units are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for service of any kind rendered to the Company;

(k) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of Participant s Continuous Service (for any reason
 whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid); and

l neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate
 fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of
 any Shares acquired upon settlement.

6 

10. Data Privacy Notice and Consent. Participant hereby explicitly and
 unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data, as described in this Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company
 and any Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 

Participant understands that the Company and any Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home
 address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, passport information, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of
 all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares or other equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
 administering and managing the Plan.

Participant understands that Data will be transferred to Morgan Stanley, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is
 assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United
 States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential
 recipients of the Data by contacting the Company. Participant authorizes the Company, Morgan Stanley and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan
 to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a
 broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the Shares received upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units may be deposited. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage his or
 her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary
 amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a
 purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her status will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company
 may not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to
 participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of his or her refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact the Company.

Upon request of the Company, Participant agrees to provide an executed data privacy form (or any other agreements or consents) that the Company may deem necessary to obtain from
 Participant for the purpose of administering Participant s participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in Participant s country, either now or in the future. Participant understands and agrees that he or she will not be able
 to participate in the Plan if Participant fails to provide any such consent or agreement as requested by the Company.

7 

11. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

11.1 Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal
 delivery or upon deposit in the sender s local mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid and properly addressed to the party entitled to such notice at the latest address on file or at such other address as such party may designate by ten days
 advance written notice under this Section to all other parties to this Agreement.

11.2 Waiver. The failure of the Company in any instance to exercise any rights under this Agreement, including the forfeiture
 rights under Section 4, shall not constitute a waiver of any other rights that may subsequently arise under the provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Participant. Participant acknowledges that no waiver by the
 Company of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other Participant, whether of like or different nature.

11.3 Imposition of Other Requirements Participant Undertaking. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on
 Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Participant hereby agrees to
 take whatever additional action and execute whatever additional documents the Company may deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out the foregoing or one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed on either Participant or the Shares
 pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

11.4 Entire Contract. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to
 the subject matter contained herein. This Agreement is made pursuant to, and incorporates by reference, the provisions of the Plan and shall in all respects be construed in conformity with the terms of the Plan.

11.5 Language. Participant acknowledges that he or she is sufficiently proficient in English, or, alternatively, Participant
 acknowledges that he or she will seek appropriate assistance to understand the terms and conditions in this Agreement. Furthermore, if Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other
 than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.

11.6 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to
 current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by
 the Company or a third party designated by the Company.

8 

11.7 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and
 its successors and assigns and upon Participant, Participant s permitted assigns and the legal representatives, heirs and legatees of Participant s estate, whether or not any such person shall have become a party to this Agreement and have agreed in
 writing to join herein and be bound by the terms hereof. Participant may not assign this Agreement other than by the laws of descent and distribution.

11.8 Severability. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be
 severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

11.9 Governing Law and Choice of Venue. The Restricted Stock Units and the provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by, and
 subject to, the laws of the State of Utah, United States, without regard to the conflict of law provisions, as provided in the Plan. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Agreement or this grant of Restricted Stock Units, the
 parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Utah, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of Utah County, Utah, or the federal courts of the United States for
 the District of Utah, where this grant is made and/or to be performed.

11.10 Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and
 conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent
 the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.

11.11 Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that, depending on Participant s country, broker s
 country, or where Shares are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading and/or market abuse laws which may affect Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to such shares (e.g., Restricted Stock
 Units) or rights linked to the value of Shares under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have material nonpublic information or inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the relevant
 jurisdiction). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing
 inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Third parties include employees of the Company. Any restrictions under these laws or
 regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy, and the requirements of applicable laws may or may not be consistent with the terms of the Company s insider trading
 policy. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter.

9 

11.12 Exchange Control Tax and Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements . 

 Participant acknowledges that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in
 the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage, bank account or legal entity outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, balances, assets and/or the related
 transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a
 designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details.
 Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consents to any and all actions taken by the Company as may be required to allow the Company to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in Participant s country of residence (and country of
 employment, if different). Finally, Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in Participant s country of residence (and
 country of employment, if different). 

11.13 Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units and issuance of Shares thereunder are intended to comply with Code Section 409A and the
 U.S. Treasury Regulations relating thereto so as not to subject the Participant to the payment of additional taxes and interest under Code Section 409A or other adverse tax consequences. In furtherance of this intent, the provisions of this
 Agreement will be interpreted, operated, and administered in a manner consistent with these intentions. The Committee may modify the terms of this Agreement, the Plan or both, without the consent of the Participant, in the manner that the Committee
 may determine to be necessary or advisable in order to comply with Code Section 409A or to mitigate any additional tax, interest and/or penalties or other adverse tax consequences that may apply under Code Section 409A if compliance is not
 practical. This Section 11.13 does not create an obligation on the part of the Company to modify the terms of this Agreement or the Plan and does not guarantee that the Restricted Stock Units or the delivery of Shares upon vesting/settlement of the
 Restricted Stock Units will not be subject to taxes, interest and penalties or any other adverse tax consequences under Code Section 409A. Nothing in this Agreement shall provide a basis for any person to take any action against the Company or any
 of its Subsidiaries based on matters covered by Code Section 409A, including the tax treatment of any amounts paid under this Agreement, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will have any liability under any circumstances to the
 Participant or any other party if the Restricted Stock Units, the delivery of Shares upon vesting/settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or other payment or tax event hereunder that is intended to be exempt from, or compliant with, Code Section
 409A, is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Committee with respect thereto. Further, settlement of any portion of the Restricted Stock Units that is Deferred Compensation may not be accelerated or postponed except to the
 extent permitted by Code Section 409A.

By electronically accepting this Agreement and participating in the Plan, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions in the Plan and this Agreement, including the Appendix. Within
 six months of the Grant Date, if Participant has not electronically accepted this Agreement on Morgan Stanley s website, or the website of any other stock plan service provider appointed by the Company, and has not otherwise rejected the grant, then
 this award shall automatically be deemed accepted, and Participant shall be bound by the terms and conditions in the Plan and this Agreement, including the Appendix.

10 

APPENDIX

FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S.

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 

2010 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms in this Appendix shall have the same defined meaning assigned to them in the Plan and the Agreement.

This Appendix includes special country-specific terms and conditions that apply to Participants in the countries listed below. This Appendix is part of the Agreement. This Appendix also includes information of which
 Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. For example, certain individual exchange control reporting requirements may apply upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and/or sale of Shares. The information is
 based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2022 and is provided for informational purposes. Such laws are often complex and change frequently, and results may be different based on
 the particular facts and circumstances. As a result, the Company recommends that Participant does not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in the Plan
 because the information may be out of date at the time the Restricted Stock Units vest or are settled, or Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan.

In addition, the information is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant
 should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to his or her situation.

Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which he or she currently is residing and/or providing services, transfers after the Restricted Stock Units are granted to him or her,
 or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the terms and conditions and/or notifications contained herein may not be applicable to him or her, and the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent such terms
 and conditions contained herein shall apply to him or her.

DATA PRIVACY PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO GRANTEES IN THE EUROPEAN UNION/EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 

The following provision replaces Section 10 of the Agreement: 

Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, Participant is hereby notified that the
 Company collects, processes, uses and transfers certain personally-identifiable information about Participant for the exclusive legitimate purpose of granting Restricted Stock Units and implementing, administering and managing Participant s
 participation in the Plan. Specifics of the data processing are described below. 

11 

Controller, EU Representative and DPO . The Company is the controller responsible for the processing of
 Participant s personal data in connection with the Plan. The Company s representative in the European Union is NSE Products Europe BVBA, Da Vincilaan 9, 1935 Zaventem, Belgium, telephone number +32 2 722 70 00. Participant can reach the data
 protection officer DPO of the Company at +1 (801) 345-1505, 75 West Center Street, Provo, Utah 84601. 

Personal Data Subject to Processing . The Company collects, processes and uses the following types of personal
 data about Participant: Participant s name, home address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the
 Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, settled, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor, which the Company receives from Participant, as well as Participant s hire date,
 term date, term reason code, status, and Company s Division Personal Data ). 

Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing . The Company processes the Personal Data for the purpose of granting
 Restricted Stock Units, implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. The legal basis for the processing of the Personal Data by the Company and the third party service providers described below is the necessity
 of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and generally administering employee equity awards. 

Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Personal Data to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
 LLC and its affiliated companies (collectively, Morgan Stanley ), an independent stock plan administrator with operations, relevant to the Company, in the United
 States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select different service providers and may share Personal Data with such service providers. As a data controller,
 the Company s stock plan administrator will open an account for Participant to receive and trade Shares. Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service provider, which is a condition of
 Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. Participant s Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 Participant understands that Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data by contacting Participant s local human resources representative. 

International Data Transfers . The Company and its service providers, including, without limitation, Morgan
 Stanley, operate, relevant to the Company, in the United States, which means that it will be necessary for Personal Data to be transferred to, and processed in, the United States. Participant understands and acknowledges that the United States is
 not subject to an unlimited adequacy finding by the European Commission and that Participant s Personal Data may not have an equivalent level of protection as compared to Participant s country of residence. 

The legal basis for the processing of the Personal Data by the Company and the third party service providers is the necessity of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the
 Agreement and generally administering employee equity awards.

Data Retention . The Company will use the Personal Data only as long as necessary to implement, administer and
 manage Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including tax and securities laws. When the Company no longer needs the Personal Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. If
 the Company keeps data longer, it would be to satisfy tax, legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be relevant laws or regulations. 

12 

Data Subject Rights . To the extent provided by law, Participant has the right to (i) inquire whether and what
 kind of Personal Data the Company holds about Participant and how it is processed, and to access or request copies of such Personal Data, (ii) request the correction or supplementation of Personal Data that is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date
 in light of the purposes underlying the processing, or (iii) obtain the erasure of Personal Data no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements. In addition,
 Participant has, to the extent provided by law, the right to (iv) request the Company to restrict the processing of Personal Data in certain situations where Participant feels its processing is inappropriate, (v) object, in certain circumstances,
 to the processing of Personal Data for legitimate interests, and to (vi) request portability of Personal Data that Participant has actively or passively provided to the Company, where the processing of such Personal Data is based on consent or a
 contractual agreement with Participant and is carried out by automated means. In case of concerns, Participant also has the right to (vii) lodge a complaint with the competent local data protection authority. To receive additional information
 regarding Participant s rights, raise any other questions regarding the practices described in this Agreement or to exercise his or her rights, Participant should contact his or her local human resources representative. 

Contractual Requirement . Participant s provision of Personal Data and its processing as described above is
 required for the performance of the Company s obligations pursuant to the Plan and a condition to Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. Participant understands that, as a consequence of Participant s refusing to provide Personal Data,
 the Company may not be able to allow Participant to participate in the Plan, grant Restricted Stock Units to Participant or administer or maintain such Restricted Stock Units. However, Participant s participation in the Plan and his or her
 acceptance of this Agreement are purely voluntary. While Participant will not receive Restricted Stock Units if he or she decides against participating in the Plan or providing Personal Data as described above, Participant s career and salary will
 not be affected in any way. For more information on the consequences of the refusal to provide Personal Data, Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative. 

CHINA 

The following provisions apply only to Participants who are subject to exchange control restrictions imposed by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange ("SAFE"), as determined by the Company in its sole
 discretion: 

Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . This provision supplements Section 1.4 of the Agreement: 

The Restricted Stock Units will only vest if and when the Company has completed the registration of the Plan with SAFE and provided such registration remains effective. If the Company is unable to complete the
 registration or maintain the registration, the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units may be delayed. Shares issued to Participant under the Plan must be maintained in an account with Morgan Stanley or such other broker as may be designated by the
 Company until the Shares are sold through that broker.

13 

Furthermore, due to regulatory requirements, Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant must sell any Shares issued to Participant upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as soon as practicable following
 the termination of Participant s Continuous Service and in no event later than six months following the termination of Participant s Continuous Service, or within any other such time frame as may be required by SAFE. Participant agrees that if
 Participant continues to hold any of such Shares after this time, the Shares will be sold by the Company s designated broker on Participant s behalf at the instruction of the Company. Therefore, by accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant
 understands and agrees that the Company is authorized to, and may in its sole discretion, instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of Shares (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization) and that Participant
 expressly authorizes the Company s designated broker to complete the sale of such Shares. Participant acknowledges that the Company s designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the Shares at any particular price. Upon the
 sale of the Shares, the proceeds, less any Tax-Related Items and brokerage fees or commissions will be remitted to Participant pursuant to the procedures described in the Exchange Control Information section below.

Exchange Control Information . Participant understands and agrees that, to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements, Participant will be required
 to immediately repatriate to China the cash proceeds from the sale of the Shares issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. Participant further understands that, under local law, such repatriation of the cash proceeds will be
 effectuated through a special exchange control account established by the Company or its Subsidiary in China, and Participant hereby consents and agrees that the proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan may be transferred to such
 special account prior to being delivered to Participant. The Company may deliver the proceeds to Participant in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid in U.S. dollars, Participant understands that he
 or she will be required to set up a U.S. dollar bank account in China so that the proceeds may be deposited into this account. If the proceeds are converted to local currency, there may be delays in delivering the proceeds to Participant. 
 Participant agrees to bear the risk of any currency fluctuation between the time the Shares are sold, either through voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company, or proceeds are otherwise realized under the Plan and the time
 such proceeds are distributed to Participant through the special exchange control account. 

Participant further agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China.

HONG KONG 

Restricted Stock Units Only Payable in Shares . Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares only. The grant
 of Restricted Stock Units does not provide any right for Participant to receive a cash payment. 

Restriction on Sale of Shares . Shares received under the Plan are accepted as a personal investment. Should any portion of the Restricted Stock Units vest within
 six months of the Grant Date, Participant agrees that Participant will not dispose of the Shares acquired at vesting prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 

Securities Law Information . Warning: The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong
 Kong. Participant is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the Agreement, including this Appendix, or the Plan, Participant should obtain independent professional
 advice. The Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued pursuant to the grant do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees or certain other service providers of the Company. The
 Agreement, including this Appendix, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable
 securities legislation in Hong Kong. The Restricted Stock Units and any related documentation are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee or service provider of the Company and may not be distributed to any other person. 

14 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.18>
 6
 brhc10046901_ex10-18.htm
 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE POLICY

Exhibit 10.18 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE POLICY

Amended and Restated Effective as of January 4, 2023

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

SECTION 1.

DEFINITIONS

1

SECTION 2.

TERM OF POLICY

5

SECTION 3.

TERMINATION BY COMPANY WITHOUT CAUSE OR BY EXECUTIVE FOR GOOD REASON

5

SECTION 4.

TERMINATION BY REASON OF DEATH OR DISABILITY

7

SECTION 5.

TERMINATION BY THE COMPANY FOR CAUSE

7

SECTION 6.

VOLUNTARY TERMINATION WITHOUT GOOD REASON; RETIREMENT

8 

SECTION 7.

SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

8

SECTION 8.

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

8

SECTION 9.

COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 409A

8 

SECTION 10.

WITHHOLDING TAXES

10

SECTION 11.

PARACHUTE PAYMENTS

10

SECTION 12.

ADMINISTRATION

10

SECTION 13.

AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

10

SECTION 14.

OTHER PROVISIONS

11

EXHIBIT A

EXHIBIT B

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE POLICY

This Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. Executive Severance Policy Policy has been adopted by the Executive Compensation Committee Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company to
 apply to selected Executives of the Company. Eligible Executives will be eligible for coverage under the Policy for the payment of severance benefits upon termination of employment under certain circumstances, subject to the conditions set forth
 below. This Policy shall be effective as of the Effective Date as provided herein.

This Policy supersedes any prior plan, policy, agreement or practice involving the payment of severance benefits to eligible Executives. While the Policy is in effect, any severance benefits
 provided to an eligible Executive must be paid pursuant to this Policy or pursuant to another express written agreement between Company and the eligible Executive entered into after the effective date of this Policy.

Section 1. Definitions 

As used herein, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

1.1 Accrued Rights shall have the meaning given in Section 3.3 hereof.

1.2 Affiliate shall mean an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.

1.3 Annual Target Bonus means the aggregate Bonuses that Executive is eligible to earn for the incentive period(s) in the fiscal year in which Executive s Date of Termination
 occurs, assuming attainment of such corporate targets at the target level (100 performance level) and disregarding any individual performance targets and regardless of whether any such Bonus has already been paid, as shall be established by the
 Committee for such fiscal year. For the avoidance of doubt, the Annual Target Bonus shall be determined assuming satisfaction of the aforementioned corporate targets, irrespective of whether such targets are actually achieved and whether any Bonus
 for a period in the fiscal year has already been paid.

1.4 Bonus means the cash incentive bonuses payable to Executive under the Third Amended and Restated Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as may be amended from
 time to time), or such other or successor bonus program in which Executive participates from time to time.

1.5 Base Salary means the annual base salary in effect for the payroll period during which Executive s employment is terminated. Bonuses, incentive pay and any taxable or nontaxable
 fringe benefits or payments are not included in the calculation of Base Salary. Base Salary shall be determined before any deferrals to any qualified or nonqualified plans of the Company and before any reduction in salary that would constitute Good
 Reason.

1.6 Cause means, subject to the conditions below, that Executive has engaged in any one of the following: (i) a material breach of this Policy, including but not limited to a breach
 of Section 8 of this Policy, or the Company s Employee Covenants Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B ; (ii) any willful violation by Executive of any material law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company or any of its
 Affiliates; (iii) Executive s conviction of, or a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or any willful perpetration of common law fraud; or (iv) any other willful misconduct by Executive that is materially injurious to the financial
 condition or business reputation of, or is otherwise materially injurious to, the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes of the foregoing, in determining whether a material breach has occurred, or whether there has been a willful violation
 of a material law or regulation, the standard shall be a breach or violation that is, or will reasonably likely be, materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of, or is, or will reasonably likely be, otherwise materially
 injurious to, the Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.

1.7 Change in Control means the consummation of any of the following transactions effecting a change in ownership or control of the Company:

(i) During any 24-month period, individuals who, as of the beginning of such period, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (the Incumbent Directors cease for any reason
 to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the beginning of such period whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least a
 majority of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board of Directors of the Company (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director, without written objection to
 such nomination) shall be an Incumbent Director; provided, however, that no individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to directors or as a result of any
 other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of any person other than the Board of Directors of the Company shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director;

(ii) Any person (as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act)
 is or becomes a beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities eligible to
 vote for the election of the Board of Directors of the Company Company Voting Securities provided, however, that the event described in this paragraph (ii) shall not be deemed to be a Change in Control by virtue of any of the following
 acquisitions: (A) by the Company or any subsidiary, (B) by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any subsidiary, (C) by any underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such
 securities, (D) pursuant to a Non-Qualifying Transaction, as defined in paragraph (iii), or (E) by any person of Company Voting Securities from the Company, if a majority of the Incumbent Directors approves in advance the acquisition of beneficial
 ownership of 50 or more of Company Voting Securities by such person;

2 

(iii) The consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries that requires the
 approval of the Company s stockholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction (a Business Combination ), unless immediately following such Business Combination: (A) more than 50 of the total voting
 power of (x) the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (the Surviving Corporation ), or (y) if applicable, the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of at least 90 of the voting
 securities eligible to elect directors of the Surviving Corporation (the Parent Corporation ), is represented by Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination (or, if applicable, is represented
 by shares into which such Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Business Combination), and such voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion as the voting power of such Company Voting Securities
 among the holders thereof immediately prior to the Business Combination, (B) no person (other than any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Surviving Corporation or the Parent Corporation), is or becomes the
 beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50 or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation) and (C)
 at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation) following the consummation of the Business Combination were Incumbent Directors at the time of
 the Board of Directors of the Company s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Business Combination (any Business Combination which satisfies all of the criteria specified in (A), (B) and (C) above shall be deemed to be
 a Non Qualifying Transaction or

(iv) The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the consummation of a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets.

1.8 Company means Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

1.9 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.10 Committee means the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.

1.11 Date of Termination means the effective date of the relevant Executive s termination.

1.12 Disability means a physical or mental impairment which, the Committee determines, after consideration and implementation of reasonable accommodations, precludes the Executive from
 performing Executive s essential job functions for a period longer than 3 consecutive months or a total of 120 days in any 12-month period.

1.13 Effective Date means, with respect to this amendment and restatement of the Policy, January 4, 2023, or such later date as determined by the Committee with respect to an
 Executive. The original Effective Date of the Policy was March 8, 2018.

1.14 Executive means the executive employees of the Company who are eligible to participate in the Policy as set forth in Schedule A to this Policy, as it may be amended from time to
 time. Schedule A may be amended at any time to add additional executive employees or to remove executive employees from eligibility to participate in this Policy as Executives.

3 

1.15 Good Reason means Executive s voluntary resignation for any of the following events that result in a material negative change to Executive: (i) without Executive s consent, a
 material reduction in the scope of Executive s duties and responsibilities or the level of management to which Executive reports; (ii) without Executive s consent, a reduction in Base Salary (other than an across-the-board reduction of not more than
 10 applicable to all senior executive officers); (iii) without Executive s consent, a material reduction in Executive s benefits in the aggregate (in terms of benefit levels, other than an across-the-board reduction) from those provided to Executive
 under any employee benefit plan, program and practice in which only the Executives (and no other employees of the Company) participate, provided that such material reduction occurs within six months immediately prior to or following the consummation
 of a Change in Control; (iv) without Executive s consent, a relocation of Executive s principal place of employment of more than 50 miles, (v) a material breach of any provision of this Policy by the Company, or (vi) the failure of the Company to
 have a successor entity specifically assume this Policy within 10 business days after the Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall only be found to exist if Executive, not later than 90 days after the initial occurrence of
 an event deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason, has provided 30 days written notice to the Company prior to Executive s resignation indicating and describing the event resulting in such Good Reason, and the Company does not cure
 such event (other than the event in clause (vi), which shall not be subject to cure) within 90 days following the receipt of such notice from Executive.

1.16 Policy means this Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. Executive Severance Policy.

1.17 Pro Rata Earned Bonus means the pro-rata portion of the Executive s earned bonus, if any, for each outstanding bonus cycle as of the date on which termination of employment
 occurs, based upon attainment of such corporate targets, and disregarding any individual performance targets, as shall be established by the Committee for such bonus cycle (determined by multiplying the amount of the actual earned bonus that would be
 payable for the bonus cycle by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the bonus cycle that the Executive is employed by the Company and the denominator of which is the full number of days in the bonus cycle); provided, however, Executive shall not be entitled to a Pro Rata Earned Bonus for an annual bonus cycle if Executive s termination date is earlier than March 31 of the year of termination .

1.18 Termination and Terminate(s) , whether capitalized or not in this Policy, describes when an Executive is no longer employed by, and has no outstanding offer of employment
 (including an offer that Executive has received and rejected) from, the Company or any Affiliate. In addition, the following shall not be treated as a termination that entitles Executive to rights and benefits under this Policy: (i) an Executive s
 termination of employment in connection with any merger, acquisition, sale or other disposition of the stock or assets of the Company or an Affiliate, if such Executive is offered or provided a position with a successor entity (including either the
 purchaser or any subsidiary or affiliate of the purchaser); or (ii) any instance where an Executive is employed by the Company or an Affiliate and either (A) such entity ceases to be an Affiliate in connection with any merger, acquisition, sale or
 other disposition of such entity, or (B) substantially all of such entity s assets are sold. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph is not intended to override Executive s Good Reason rights under this Policy; if Executive would otherwise have
 Good Reason to terminate his or her employment as a result of the occurrence of any event described in (i) or (ii) above, Executive may still qualify for a termination for Good Reason under this Policy.

4 

Section 2. Term of Policy . 

The term of this Policy shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until modified or terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 13 hereof. 

Section 3. Termination by Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason . 

If the Company terminates Executive s employment during the term of the Policy without Cause, or if Executive terminates his or her employment during the term of the Policy for Good Reason, then,
 subject to Sections 7 and 8 below, Executive shall be entitled to the following rights and benefits under this Section 3:

3.1 Lump Sum Payment . Executive shall be entitled to either the lump sum payment described in Section 3.1(i) or the lump sum payment described in Section 3.2(ii).

(i) 
 
 Termination without Cause or for Good Reason in Connection with Change in Control .

In the event that the Company terminates the employment of Executive during the term of the Policy without Cause or Executive terminates his or her employment during the term of the Policy for Good
 Reason, and the applicable Date of Termination occurs (A) within six months prior to and in connection with a Change in Control (as determined by the Committee), or (B) within two years following such Change in Control, then the Company will pay
 Executive a lump sum payment equal to the product of: (I) the sum of (A) Executive s Base Salary as of the Date of Termination plus (B) the Annual Target Bonus; and (II) the Multiplier specified in Schedule A.

The lump sum amount described above in this Section 3.1(i) shall be paid in a lump sum payment within 30 days of the Date of Termination, but in no event earlier than the date the Separation and
 Release Agreement described in Section 7 becomes effective, or later than March 15th of the year following the year in which the Date of Termination occurs. In addition, the Company shall pay Executive the Pro Rata Earned Bonus. The Pro Rata Earned
 Bonus shall be paid to Executive at the same time as bonuses are paid to other executive officers of the Company for each outstanding bonus period that is considered part of the Pro Rata Earned Bonus, but in no event earlier than the date the
 Separation and Release Agreement described in Section 7 becomes effective, or later than March 15th of the year following the year in which the Date of Termination occurs.

5 

(ii) Other Termination without Cause or for Good Reason .

If the Company terminates Executive s employment during the term of the Policy without Cause, or if Executive terminates his or her employment during the term of the Policy for Good Reason, and
 Executive is not eligible for payment pursuant to Section 3.1(i), then the Company will pay Executive a lump sum payment equal to the product of: (A) Executive s Base Salary as of the Date of Termination and (B) the Multiplier specified in Schedule
 A.

The lump sum payment described above in this Section 3.1(ii) shall be paid in a lump sum payment within 30 days after the Date of Termination, but in no event earlier than the date the Separation and
 Release Agreement described in Section 7 becomes effective, or later than March 15th of the year following the year in which the Date of Termination occurs. In addition, the Company shall pay Executive the Pro Rata Earned Bonus. The Pro Rata Earned
 Bonus shall be paid to Executive at the same time as bonuses are paid to other executive officers of the Company for each outstanding bonus period that is considered part of the Pro Rata Earned Bonus, but in no event earlier than the date the
 Separation and Release Agreement described in Section 7 becomes effective, or later than March 15th of the year following the year in which the Date of Termination occurs.

For the avoidance of doubt, Executive shall not be eligible for payment pursuant to this Section 3.1(ii) if Executive is eligible for payment pursuant to Section 3.1(i).

3.2 COBRA Payment . Executive shall be eligible for continuation of coverage for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents under the Company s group health plan(s) as required
 under COBRA, at Executive s sole expense at the applicable COBRA rate for such plan(s), subject to the following: the Company shall pay to Executive a lump sum payment equal to the aggregate employer and employee cost of 12 months of health care
 continuation coverage under the Company s medical, dental, prescription drug and vision care group health plans as in effect from time to time. The lump sum payment contemplated under this Section 3.2 shall be paid to Executive as soon as
 administratively practicable following the Date of Termination, but in no event earlier than the date the Separation and Release Agreement described in Section 7 becomes effective, or later than March 15th of the year following the year in which the
 Date of Termination occurs.

3.3 Accrued Rights . As soon as administratively practicable following the Date of Termination, or as otherwise provided below, the Company will pay or provide Executive with (i) all
 accrued but unpaid base salary through the Date of Termination, (ii) any previously awarded but unpaid Bonus for a completed bonus cycle prior to the Date of Termination, payable at the time such Bonuses regularly are paid, (iii) any unreimbursed
 business expenses that are reimbursable under the Company s business expense policy, (iv) all rights and benefits under the employee benefit plans of the Company in which Executive is then participating, payable at the times set forth in such plans,
 and (v) any other payments as may be required under applicable law (collectively, the Accrued Rights ).

3.4 Treatment of Equity Awards . The vesting and exercise of any equity awards that may be held by Executive as of the Date of Termination shall be determined in accordance with the
 applicable equity incentive plan and grant documentation for that Executive.

6 

3.5 No Additional Rights . Except as provided in this Section 3, Executive s participation under any benefit plan, program, policy or arrangement sponsored or maintained by the Company
 shall cease and be terminated on the Date of Termination. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Executive s eligibility for and active participation in any tax qualified retirement or pension plans maintained by the Company will end as of
 the Date of Termination and Executive will earn no additional benefits under those plans after that date. Executive shall be treated as a terminated employee for purposes of all such benefit plans and programs effective as of the Date of Termination,
 and shall receive all payments and benefits due under such plans and programs in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof.

Section 4. Termination
 by Reason of Death or Disability . 

In the event that the employment of Executive is terminated during the term of the Policy by reason of Executive s death or Disability, then, subject to Sections 7 and 8 below, Executive shall be
 entitled to the following rights and benefits under this Section 4:

4.1 Salary Continuation (Disability Only) . In the event that the employment of Executive is terminated during the term of the Policy by reason of Executive s Disability, the Company
 will pay Executive salary continuation at an annual rate equal to Executive s then-current Base Salary until the earlier of (i) the date Executive is eligible for disability payments under the Company s group disability policies (as determined by the
 Company) or (ii) 90 days following the Date of Termination by reason of Disability. Salary continuation under this Section 4.1 shall be paid in equal bi-monthly installments in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices.

4.2 Bonus . The Company will pay the Pro Rata Earned Bonus, which shall be paid on the date that Bonuses are normally paid, but in no event earlier than the date the Separation and
 Release Agreement described in Section 7 becomes effective, or later than March 15th of the year following the year in which the Date of Termination occurs.

4.3 Accrued Rights . As soon as administratively practicable following the Date of Termination, the Company will pay or provide Executive with the Accrued Rights.

4.4 Treatment of Equity Awards . The vesting and exercise of any equity awards that may be held by Executive as of the Date of Termination shall be determined in accordance with the
 applicable equity incentive plan and grant documentation for that Executive.

Section 5 . Termination
 by the Company for Cause . 

The Company may terminate Executive s employment for any reason and at any time, with or without Cause. In the event that the Company terminates the employment of Executive during the term of the
 Policy for Cause, the Company will pay or provide Executive with the Accrued Rights and no other benefits.

7 

Section 6 . Voluntary Termination without Good Reason; Retirement . 

Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits under this Policy (other than Accrued Rights) by reason of Executive s voluntary termination of employment from the Company without Good
 Reason. This Policy shall have no effect on the rights and benefits to which an Executive may be entitled upon retirement under (without limitation) any retirement or savings plan of the Company, nor under any of the Company s equity incentive or
 cash incentive plans (including applicable award agreements), non-qualified deferred compensation plans, key employee death plans, and other health and miscellaneous benefit plans, each of which shall be governed exclusively by the terms of such
 plans and agreements, as applicable.

Section 7. Separation and Release Agreement . 

To the extent permitted under applicable law, as a condition precedent to receiving any payments and benefits as provided under this Policy, Executive must execute a general release of claims (the Separation
 and Release Agreement ), substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto, and such Separation and Release Agreement must become irrevocable, by the 60th day following the Date of Termination. If Executive fails to execute and
 deliver the Separation and Release Agreement, or revokes the Separation and Release Agreement, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payments or benefits described herein (other than Accrued Rights). For purposes of this Policy, the
 Separation and Release Agreement shall be considered to have been executed by Executive if it is signed by Executive s legal representative in the case of legal incompetence or on behalf of Executive s estate in the case of Executive s death.

Section 8. Restrictive Covenants . 

8.1 Employee Covenants Agreement . In consideration of, and as a condition of, Executive s continued employment by the Company and the additional rights and benefits provided to
 Executive by this Policy, Executive will agree to and execute the Employee Covenants Agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto and such other forms that the Committee may approve from time to time.

8.2 Transfer of Duties . Upon termination of employment, Executive must cooperate with the orderly transfer of his or her duties as requested by the Company.

8.3 Return of Property . Upon termination of employment, Executive must return all Company property by a date specified by the Company.

Section 9. Compliance with Section 409A . 

9.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy to the contrary, the parties agree that this Policy is intended to comply with or be exempt from Code Section 409A and the regulations
 and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Policy shall be construed and interpreted in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. The
 Company and Executive intend that, to the maximum extent possible, any amounts paid pursuant to this Policy shall qualify as a short-term deferral pursuant to Section 409A or as separation pay exempt from Section 409A. In no event will the Company or
 its affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A.

8 

9.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy to the contrary, to the extent that any payment under this Policy constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, the
 following shall apply to the extent Section 409A is applicable to such payment:

(i) Any payable that is triggered upon the Executive s termination of employment shall be paid only if such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service under Section
 409A.

(ii) All in-kind benefits, expenses or other reimbursements paid pursuant to this Policy that are taxable income to Executive shall be paid no later than the end of the calendar year next
 following the calendar year in which Executive incurs such expense. With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Section 409A, (a) the right to reimbursement or
 in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (b) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for
 reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year; and (c) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred.

(iii) In the event that Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A, then with regard to any payment or the provision of any
 benefit that is subject to Section 409A and is payable on account of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A), such payment or benefit shall be delayed until the earlier of (a) the first business day of the seventh calendar month
 following such termination of employment, or (b) Executive s death. Any payments delayed by reason of the prior sentence shall be paid in a single lump sum, without interest thereon, on the date indicated by the previous sentence and any remaining
 payments due under this Policy shall be paid as otherwise provided herein.

9.3 For purposes of Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments under this Policy (whether severance payments, reimbursements or otherwise) shall be treated as a right
 to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each installment payment hereunder shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment.

9.4 To the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes and penalties under Section 409A, amounts payable under this Policy on termination of employment will not be paid until
 Executive experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A as specified above.

9.5 Notwithstanding any provision of this Policy to the contrary, in no event shall the timing of Executive s execution of the Separation and Release Agreement, directly or indirectly,
 result in Executive designating the calendar year of payment, and if a payment pursuant to this Policy that is subject to execution of the Separation and Release Agreement could be made in more than one taxable year, based on timing of the execution
 of the Separation and Release Agreement, payment shall be made in the later taxable year.

9 

Section 10. Withholding Taxes . 

All compensation payable pursuant to this Policy shall be subject to all applicable federal, state and local tax withholding.

Section 11. Parachute
 Payments . 

Notwithstanding anything in this Policy to the contrary, in the event the Company determines that any payment or distribution in the nature of compensation (within the meaning of Code Section
 280G(b)(2)) to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Policy or otherwise would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999, then Executive shall be entitled to receive (i) the greatest amount so that
 no portion the payments shall be an excess parachute payment (the Limited Amount ), or (ii) if the amount of payments otherwise paid or provided (without regard to clause (i)) reduced by all taxes applicable thereto (including, for the
 avoidance of doubt, the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999) would be greater than the Limited Amount reduced by all taxes applicable thereto, then the amount of payments shall be the amount otherwise payable. Any reductions described in the
 preceding sentence shall be done in the manner that is least economically disadvantageous to Executive. Where the decision to cut back between two amounts is economically equivalent, but the amounts are payable at different times, the amounts will be
 reduced on a pro rata basis.

Section 12. Administration . 

The Committee is responsible for the administration of this Policy and shall have all powers and duties necessary to fulfill its responsibilities. The Committee shall have full power and discretion
 to interpret the Policy and related documents, to resolve ambiguities, inconsistencies and omissions, to determine any question of fact, and to determine the rights and benefits, if any, of any Executive or other employee, in accordance with the
 provisions of the Policy. The Committee shall also have the authority to waive any restrictions with respect to participation in the Policy or the maturity of benefits under the Policy for any specific Executive where, in the opinion of the
 Committee, it is reasonable to do so and does not prejudice the rights of the particular Executive under the Policy and it does not cause the Executive to be subject to adverse tax treatment under Section 409A. The Committee s decision with respect
 to any matter shall be final and binding on all parties concerned. The Committee may, from time to time, by action of its appropriate officers, delegate to designated persons, committees, or entities the right to exercise any of its powers or the
 obligation to carry out its duties under the Policy.

Section 13. Amendment and Termination . 

The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate this Policy at any time and in any manner, subject to the following: (i) no amendment or termination of this Policy made during the period
 beginning six months prior to a Change in Control and continuing until the second anniversary of the Change in Control, shall become effective until the second anniversary of a Change in Control, provided that the Company shall have the ability to
 make any amendment required under applicable law (including without limitation any amendments necessary to comply with Section 409A) at any time; (ii) if any modification of this Policy decreases the benefits available to an Executive through this
 Policy (such modification, an Adverse Change ), the Company shall give written notice to the impacted Executive of the Adverse Change; and (iii) the Adverse Change shall not be effective with respect to the Executive any sooner than one year
 from the date on which the notice described in (ii) above was provided to the impacted Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) no amendment or termination of the Policy shall affect the rights of an Executive whose Date of Termination has
 occurred prior to the date of such amendment or termination of the Policy and who remains entitled to severance payments or benefits under this Policy, and (y) the requirements described in (ii) and (iii) above, with respect to an Executive impacted
 by an Adverse Change, may be waived in writing by the Executive.

10 

Section 14. Other Provisions . 

14.1 Acknowledgment . Executive acknowledges that this Policy does not constitute a contract of employment or impose on the Company any obligation to retain Executive as an employee and
 that this Policy does not prevent Executive from terminating employment at any time.

14.2 Non-Duplication of Benefits . The benefits under this Policy are not intended to duplicate any other benefits provided by the Company in connection with the termination of an
 employee s employment, such as wage replacement benefits, pay-in-lieu-of-notice, severance pay, or similar benefits under any other benefit plans, severance programs, employment contracts, or applicable federal or state laws, such as the WARN Acts.
 Should such other benefits be payable, the benefits under this Policy will be reduced accordingly or, alternatively, benefits previously paid under this Policy will be treated as having been paid to satisfy such other benefit obligations. In either
 case, the Company will determine how to apply this provision and may override other provisions in this Policy in doing so.

14.3 Construction . This Policy shall be governed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, and any litigation between the parties relating to this Policy shall be
 conducted in the courts of Utah County.

14.4 Severability . If any provision of this Policy, or the application of such provision to any person or in any circumstance, is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
 unenforceable for any reason, such provision may be modified or severed from this Policy to the extent necessary to make such provision unenforceable against such person or in such circumstance. Neither the unenforceability of such provision nor the
 modification or severance of such provision will affect (i) the enforceability of any other provision of this Policy or (ii) the enforceability of such provision against any person or in any circumstance other than those against or in which such
 provision is found to be unenforceable.

14.5 Records . The records of the Company with respect to the determination of eligibility, employment history, Accrued Rights, Base Salary, Bonus, and any and all other relevant
 matters shall be conclusive for all purposes of this Policy.

14.6 Entire Agreement . The Company and Executive understand and agree that this Policy shall constitute the entire understanding between them regarding the subject matter contained
 herein, and that all prior understandings regarding these matters are hereby superseded and replaced, unless specifically provided otherwise in this Policy.

11 

SCHEDULE A 

Executives (updated 1/31/2022)

Name and Title of Executive

Multiplier for 

 Section 3.1(i)

Multiplier for 

 Section 3.1(ii)

Ryan Napierski, President and Chief Executive Officer

2

1.5

Connie Tang, Executive Vice President and Chief Global Growth and Customer Experience Officer

 Mark Lawrence, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 Chayce Clark, Executive Vice President and General Counsel

 Joseph Chang, Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer

 Steven Hatchett, Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer

1.5

1.25

EXHIBIT A 

SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

This Separation and Release Agreement (this Agreement is entered by and between Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. Company and ___________, an individual Employee ). Company and Employee are
 sometimes hereinafter referred to as party or parties. This Agreement shall become effective on the eighth calendar day after execution by Employee (hereafter, the Effective Date ).

RECITALS

A. 
 
 Employee s employment with Company terminated on or about _________ (the Employment Termination Date ).

B. 
 
 Company and Employee mutually agree it is in the best interests of both to enter a mutual understanding and compromise of all claims and disputes, if any, between them.

AGREEMENT

In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, adequacy, and legal sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
 hereby mutually agree as follows:

1. Payment to Employee . The Company agrees to make certain payments (the Severance Payment to Employee as set forth in the Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. Executive Severance Policy (the
 Executive Severance Policy ). Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the Sole Agreements, as defined in Section 5, Employee shall not be entitled to any further compensation or benefits from the Company. 

The Severance Payment will be paid to Employee in accordance with the Executive Severance Policy after the expiration of the revocation period specified in Section 3, if the Agreement has been signed by Employee,
 Employee has not revoked the Agreement, and Employee has complied with the other terms of this Agreement.

Should Employee receive COBRA payments, Employee understands and agrees that he or she has the sole responsibility to elect COBRA coverage, comply with the requirements of COBRA, and to make
 all monthly premiums in the manner required by the COBRA administrator.

2. Release of Claims . In consideration for the Severance Payment, Employee, on Employee s behalf and for each and all of Employee s agents, representatives, successors, assigns, attorneys,
 heirs and beneficiaries, and others claiming through or under Employee, (collectively, the Releasors hereby unconditionally and irrevocably releases, acquits, absolves and forever discharges Company and each and all of Company s respective
 predecessors, successors, former, current, and future assigns, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries and parent corporations (collectively, the Nu Skin Companies and each and all of the Nu Skin Companies owners, stockholders, agents,
 directors, officers, employees, attorneys and representatives of and from any and all suits, debts, liens, contracts, agreements, promises, liabilities, claims, demands, damages, losses, interest, costs, expenses, or attorneys fees, whether
 known or unknown, fixed or contingent, in law or in equity, which any of the Releasors have, had, or may claim to have, from the beginning of time through Employee s execution of this Agreement, including without limitation, any claims,
 charges, demands, lawsuits, obligations, or causes of action based on, arising from, or relating to Employee s employment or the termination thereof, including, without limitation, any claims, charges, demands, grievances, and/or causes of
 action under: 

A-1 

(a) 
 
 Title VII of the Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and 1991, as amended, which prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, religion, or national origin;

(b) 
 
 Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of race;

(c) 
 
 The Employee Retirement Income Security Act as of the Effective Date of this Agreement;

(d) 
 
 The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, whether such claim exists at or before Employee s execution of this Agreement, or arises in the future after Employee s execution of this Agreement as a result of Employee s
 termination being aggregated with the terminations of other employees;

(e) 
 
 The Family and Medical Leave Act;

(f) 
 
 The Americans with Disabilities Act;

(g) 
 
 The Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (the ADEA 

(h) 
 
 The Utah Antidiscrimination Act;

(i) 
 
 any state or federal laws against discrimination;

(j) 
 
 any claims for compensation of any type whatsoever, including but not limited to claims for salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, incentive compensation, vacation, sick pay, or severance;

(k) 
 
 any other foreign, federal, state, or local statute or common law relating to employment; and

(l)

any claim for attorneys fees or other costs or expenses. 

The foregoing release also includes, without limitation, the release of any claims for wrongful discharge, breach of express or implied contract, employment-related torts, personal injury (whether physical or
 mental), or any claims in any way related to Employee s employment with or separation from Company. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee has not been discriminated or retaliated against in any manner prohibited by law during Employee s
 employment with Company or with regard to Employee s separation from Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed in any way to waive, limit, or hinder Employee s rights with respect to long term disability insurance coverage.

3. Acknowledgement and Waiver and Release of Rights under the ADEA . Employee expressly acknowledges that Employee is waiving and releasing any rights Employee may have under the ADEA and that
 this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Employee and Company agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after this Agreement is executed. Employee acknowledges that the
 consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which Employee was already entitled. Employee further acknowledges that Employee has been advised by this writing that:

(a) 
 
 Employee should consult with Employee s own attorney prior to executing this Agreement;

(b) 
 
 Employee has at least 45 calendar days from the Employment Termination Date within which to consider this Agreement, although Employee may accept the terms of this Agreement at any time within those 45 days provided the acceptance
 occurs after the Employment Termination Date;

A-2 

(c) 
 
 If Employee signs this Agreement before 45 days have passed, Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee has signed this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily, without coercion to do so by Company;

(d) 
 
 Employee and Company agree that immaterial or material changes to this Agreement do not restart the running of the 45-day period;

(e) 
 Employee has 7 days following Employee s signing of this Agreement to revoke it; and 

(f) 
 
 This Agreement is effective and enforceable on the eighth calendar day after the date it is signed by Employee. This Agreement may be revoked by Employee by providing written notice of revocation to Company at any time during the
 seven-day period following the date Employee executes this Agreement. Any such revocation must be sent to Employment Counsel, Legal Department, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., 75 West Center Street, Provo, UT 84601, and must be received
 within the seven calendar days. Employee understands that Employee has no right to the consideration specified in this Agreement if Employee revokes this Agreement and Employee further understands that if any consideration is provided to
 Employee prior to Employee s revocation, Employee must promptly return any such consideration to Company.

4. Release to Use Image, Name, Voice, and Likeness . Employee hereby grants Company and its agents, licensees and assigns a perpetual, non-revocable, and non-exclusive right to use,
 distribute, and/or display, throughout the world in any form now known or later developed, Employee s name, image, likeness, title, picture, portrait, appearance, words, voice, biographical information, and/or actions (the Personal
 Information ), by incorporating it into any form of commercial, informational, educational, advertising, and/or promotional material (the Works ), even if such Works are created after the termination of Employee s employment, so long as such
 Personal Information was obtained during Employee s employment with Company. Employee expressly consents to Company s use of the Personal Information to create Works that express or imply that Employee approves, endorses, have endorsed, or will
 endorse the specific subject matter of the Works. Company may use the Personal Information for any purpose, in its sole discretion, except that Company will not use the Personal Information for any criminal or illegal purpose. 

Employee agrees to indemnify and defend Company, its agents, employees, licensees and assigns from any and all claims or causes of action that Employee, or any third party, may have now or in the future, arising
 out of the use, distribution, or display of the Personal Information.

Employee agrees that Company is and shall be the exclusive owner of all right, title, and interest, including copyright, in the Works. Employee agrees that, except as set forth in this Agreement, Employee will not
 be entitled to compensation of any kind for the use of the Personal Information and/or the Works.

5. Sole Agreements . This Agreement, the Executive Severance Policy, any Employee Covenants Agreement, and the agreements, if any, related to Company s deferred compensation plan, 401(k)
 plan, and incentive compensation plans (collectively, the Sole Agreements ), constitute the entire and sole agreements between Employee and Company and/or any other of the Nu Skin Companies. No other promises or agreements have been made to
 Employee other than those contained in the Sole Agreements. Employee and Company acknowledge that they have read this Agreement carefully, fully understand the meaning of the terms of this Agreement and are signing this Agreement knowingly and
 voluntarily. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by all parties hereto. 

A-3 

6. Resignation From Other Positions . Employee hereby resigns from any and all positions Employee holds as director, trustee, officer, or manager with Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., The Force
 For Good Foundation, and any affiliate entity of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., effective as of the Employment Termination Date. [This section may be omitted if it is inapplicable.] 

7. Non-Disclosure . Employee agrees that Employee will not, without the prior written consent of Company, directly or indirectly, disclose, reveal or communicate, or cause or allow to be
 disclosed, revealed or communicated to any unauthorized person, confidential matters, material non-public information, proprietary information or trade secrets, including without limitation, formulae, operating procedures, processes,
 intellectual property information, plans concerning acquisitions, products or technologies, customer or supplier relationships, distributor lists, secret developments, and products and inventions held or maintained by any of the Nu Skin
 Companies. Employee further agrees not to utilize any such confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets for Employee s benefit or the benefit of others, including, without limitation, others in direct or indirect competition with
 any of the Nu Skin Companies. The obligations set forth in this Section shall be in addition to any other confidentiality obligations that Employee may have in any of the Sole Agreements, and Employee agrees that Employee s obligations under
 any of the Sole Agreements continue after the termination of Employee s employment. The parties expressly acknowledge that Employee obtained experience and skills during Employee s employment, and this covenant is not intended to restrict
 Employee s ability to use or leverage that knowledge or experience, but rather only to prevent Employee from using the above-described information or trade secrets of any of the Nu Skin Companies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee will
 be immune from liability under state and federal trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret: (a) made in confidence to a government official or attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law;
 or (b) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, as long as such filing is made under seal; or (c) to an attorney representing Employee in a claim for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law. 

8. Return of Company Equipment . Employee represents and covenants that Employee has returned to Company all confidential information, computers, laptops, cell phones, and all other
 equipment or materials owned by any of the Nu Skin Companies in the possession of Employee that Company has not explicitly allowed Employee to keep. 

9. No Lawsuits . Employee affirms that Employee has not filed any lawsuit, claim or charge against the Nu Skin Companies with any court, administrative or government agency and covenants not
 to file or allow to be filed on Employee s behalf any lawsuit against Company or any of the other Nu Skin Companies regarding the claims released in Sections 2 and 3 above. Employee acknowledges that Employee is not releasing any right that
 cannot be waived under law, and Employee understands that this Agreement does not preclude Employee from filing an administrative charge or claim with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC ), the National Labor Relations Board, the
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission (each a Government Agency ). Employee acknowledges that the Agreement does not limit
 Employee s right to receive an award for any information provided to any Government Agency. Nevertheless, Employee agrees that Employee shall not seek, accept, or be entitled to any monetary damages, whether for Employee individually or as a
 member of a class or group, arising from any claim waived herein, including but not limited to any claim or action before the EEOC or a state anti-discrimination or human rights agency filed by Employee or on Employee s behalf, and Employee
 hereby waives Employee s right to recover any such monetary relief. Employee further understands that this Agreement does not limit Employee s ability to communicate with any Government Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or
 proceeding that may be covered by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to Company. 

A-4 

10. No Admission of Liability . This Agreement is a negotiated settlement of all claims, charges, demands, lawsuits, obligations and causes of action, if any, between the parties. This Agreement
 does not constitute an admission by Company, and Company specifically denies that Company has violated any contract, law, or regulation or that it has discriminated against Employee or otherwise infringed upon Employee s rights and privileges or
 committed any other wrongful act. 

11. Confidentiality . Employee agrees that this Agreement and its terms shall be kept confidential and shall not be disclosed to any person or entity who is not a party hereto. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may disclose this Agreement and its terms (a) with Company s prior written consent; (b) to Employee s immediate family; (c) as necessary to Employee s attorneys, accountants, auditors, tax and financial
 advisors provided that Employee obtains from the receiving party an agreement to maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement and its terms; (d) in response to a validly issued subpoena or other legal process if reasonable notice is provided
 to Company before any disclosure to allow Company to seek a protective order or other legal process to limit or preclude such disclosure; or (e) in connection with a legal proceeding seeking enforcement of this Agreement. If Employee violates
 or breaches this Agreement, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and Company will be entitled to recover from Employee the monies paid pursuant to Section 1 above, reasonable attorneys fees and any other remedy available to
 Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 

12. Non-Disparagement . Employee agrees that Employee will not at any time make any written or oral statements disparaging any of the Nu Skin Companies or any of the Nu Skin Companies 
 officers, directors, employees, distributors, customers or products. Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way limit Employee from: (a) fully cooperating with any governmental investigation or inquiry or from responding fully and truthfully to
 any questions or information requests made by any government agency or entity in connection with such government investigation or inquiry, or from testifying truthfully or otherwise responding to legal process; or (b) from exercising protected
 rights, or reporting possible violations of law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the United States Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any other agency, or making
 other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of law or regulation. 

13. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable. Should any provision hereof be voidable or unenforceable under applicable law, such voidable, or unenforceable provision
 shall not affect the validity of any other clause or provision, which shall remain in full force and effect, and it is the intention and agreement of the parties that all terms and conditions herein be enforced to the fullest extent permitted
 by law. 

14. Choice of Law, Jurisdiction and Venue . The validity of this Agreement and the interpretation and performance of its terms shall be governed by the substantive and procedural laws of the
 State of Utah. Each party expressly submits and consents to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the courts of Utah County, State of Utah or in Federal District Court for the District of Utah. 

A-5 

15. Titles and Headings . Titles and headings of the paragraphs and sections of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the
 construction of any provision of this Agreement. 

16. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and
 hereto were upon the same instrument. Any facsimile or electronic signature to this Agreement of a party transmitted by a party or its legal counsel and any email copy of a party s signature to this Agreement emailed by a party or its legal
 counsel shall be deemed an original and binding signature of this Agreement by such party. 

17. Interpretation . This Agreement was drafted with the full participation of all parties. Accordingly, if there is an ambiguity in this Agreement, it should not be resolved against any
 particular party, but rather should be resolved by a fair reading of what the Agreement was intended by the parties to provide. 

18. Opportunity to Read and Understand the Agreement . Employee acknowledges that Employee has read this Agreement carefully, fully understands the meaning of the terms of this Agreement, and
 is signing this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily. 

19. Amendments . This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by all parties hereto. 

THIS AGREEMENT IS INTENDED TO RELEASE ALL RELEASABLE CLAIMS RELATED TO EMPLOYEE S EMPLOYMENT. THUS, EMPLOYEE MUST NOT SIGN THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE THE EMPLOYMENT TERMINATION DATE. 
 IF EMPLOYEE SIGNS THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE THE LAST DAY OF EMPLOYEE S EMPLOYMENT, IT WILL NOT BE VALID AND EMPLOYEE WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO THE SEVERANCE PAYMENT.

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

BY: 

EMPLOYEE: 

A-6 

EXHIBIT B 

EMPLOYEE COVENANTS AGREEMENT

Employee 

 (PRINT NAME)

Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliated companies (collectively Company operate in the highly competitive direct selling marketplace competing for product market share as well as recruitment and retention
 of independent distributors. The success of Company depends on maintaining a competitive edge in this industry through the introduction of innovative products and attracting and retaining distributors. Accordingly, as a condition of and in
 consideration of employment or continued employment with Company, Company and Employee hereby acknowledge and agree as follows.

1. 
 
 Conflict of Interest : During employment with Company, Employee shall not have any personal interest that is
 incompatible with the loyalty and responsibility Employee owes to Company. Employee must discharge Employee s responsibility solely on the basis of what is in the best interest of Company and independent of personal considerations or
 relationships. Employee shall maintain impartial relationships with vendors, suppliers and distributors. Should Employee have any questions regarding this matter, Employee should consult with Employee s director or supervisor or with
 the Human Resources Department HR ). If any actual or potential conflict of interest arises, the Employee must notify Employee s director or supervisor and HR as promptly as possible after such conflict of interest arises, and seek
 an appropriate waiver or resolution of such conflict of interest. Although it is difficult to identify every activity that might give rise to a conflict of interest, the following provisions address some examples of conflicts of
 interest: 

1.1 
 
 Related Party Transactions. Employee shall not have a direct or indirect ownership or financial interest in vendors or
 suppliers of Company or in any person or entity doing or seeking to do business with Company. Employee shall also not have a direct or indirect financial or other interest in any transaction involving the Company. In the event such a
 conflict arises, Employee must notify Employee s director or supervisor and HR, and Company may not do business with such vendor or supplier, or enter into any such transaction, unless it has been approved (a) in accordance with
 Company s policy with respect to related party transactions; or, if such policy does not apply, (b) by Employee s manager. 

1.2 
 
 Other Employment. Employee shall not be employed by, or perform services of any kind, whether compensated or not, for any
 person or entity doing or seeking to do business with Company. Employee shall not be employed by, or perform services of any kind, whether compensated or not, for any person or entity that competes with Company. Employee shall not allow
 employment by, or performance of services for, any other person or entity to detract from Employee s job performance; use Company s time, resources, or personnel in connection therewith; or expend such long hours in connection therewith
 as to adversely affect Employee s physical or mental effectiveness. Further, neither Employee s spouse, nor any member of Employee s household, shall be employed by another direct sales or multilevel marketing company without the prior
 written consent of Company. 

B-1 

1.3 
 
 Distributorships. While employed by Company and for a period of three months after termination of an employment
 relationship with Company for any reason, Employee shall not have a direct or indirect ownership or financial interest in a Company distributorship or similar account. Additionally, during the course of employment, neither Employee s
 spouse, nor any member of Employee s household, shall have a direct or indirect ownership or financial interest in, or otherwise be affiliated with, a Company distributorship without the prior written consent of Company. Further,
 neither Employee s spouse, nor any member of Employee s household, shall have a direct or indirect ownership or financial interest in, or otherwise be affiliated with, another direct sales or multilevel marketing distributorship without
 the prior written consent of Company. Any pre-existing ownership, financial interests, or employment covered in these subparagraphs must be disclosed to Company at the time of the execution of this Agreement. 

2. 
 
 Inventions : 

2.1 
 
 Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a list describing all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets which were conceived, developed, reduced to practice, or created by Employee prior to
 Employee s employment with Company, which belong to Employee, and which are not assigned to Company hereunder (collectively referred to as Prior Inventions ). If nothing is listed on Exhibit A, or if no such list is attached, Employee
 represents that there are no such Prior Inventions. If, in the course of Employee s employment with Company, Employee incorporates into a Company product, process, service, or other work a Prior Invention owned by Employee or in which
 Employee has an interest, Employee hereby grants to Company and Company shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to make, have made, modify, use, sell, offer to sell, copy, reproduce, distribute,
 make derivative works of and publicly display or perform such Prior Invention as part of or in connection with such product, process, service, or other work and to practice any method related thereto and to sublicense the foregoing
 rights.

B-2 

2.2 
 
 Employee agrees to promptly make full written disclosure to Company, will hold in trust for the sole right and benefit of Company, and hereby assigns to Company, or its designee, all of Employee s right, title, and interest in and to
 any and all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, concepts, processes, designs, discoveries, ideas, technology advances, unique solutions to business problems, trademarks, or trade secrets, whether or not
 patentable, and whether or not registrable under copyright or other federal or state laws, which Employee may solely or jointly conceive, develop, create, or reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived, developed, created or reduced to
 practice, and which also satisfy any one of the following: (i) was within the scope of Employee s employment; (ii) was on Company s time; (iii) was with the aid, assistance, or use of any of Company s property, equipment, facilities,
 supplies, resources, or intellectual property; (iv) was the result of any work, services, or duties performed by Employee for Company; (v) was related to Company s industry or trade; and/or (vi) was related to the current or demonstrably
 anticipated business, research, or development of Company (collectively referred to as Inventions ).

2.3 
 
 Employee further acknowledges that all original works of authorship that are made by Employee (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the period of employment with Company and that are protectable by copyright
 are works made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act.

2.4 
 
 Employee understands and agrees that the decision whether or not to commercialize or market any Inventions developed by Employee solely or jointly with others is within Company s sole discretion and for Company s sole benefit and that
 no royalty will be due to Employee as a result of Company s efforts to commercialize or market any such Invention.

2.5 
 
 Employee agrees to keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Inventions made by Employee (solely or jointly with others) during the term of employment with Company. The records will be in the form of notes,
 sketches, drawings, and any other format that may be specified by Company. The records will be available to and remain the sole property of Company at all times.

2.6 
 
 Employee agrees to assist Company, or its designee, at Company s expense, in every proper way to secure, obtain, maintain, reissue, defend, and enforce Company s rights in the Inventions and any copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade
 secrets, mask work rights or any other intellectual property rights whatsoever relating thereto in any and all countries, including the disclosure to Company of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all
 applications, specifications, oaths, assignments, and all other instruments that Company shall deem necessary in order to apply for, obtain, maintain, reissue, defend, and enforce such rights (including, but not limited to, improvements,
 renewals, extensions, continuations, divisions or continuations in part thereof) and in order to assign and convey to Company, its successors, assigns, and nominees the sole and exclusive right, title, and interest in and to such
 Inventions, and any copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, mask work rights or any other intellectual property rights whatsoever relating thereto. Employee further agrees that Employee s obligation to execute or cause to be
 executed, when it is in Employee s power to do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue after the termination of this Agreement. If Company is unable because of Employee s mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason to
 secure Employee s signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any United States or foreign patents or copyright registrations covering Inventions or original works of authorship assigned to Company as above, or execute any of
 the other above instruments or papers, then Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Employee s agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in Employee s behalf and stead to
 execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution, maintenance, reissue, defense, enforcement, and issuance of letters patent or copyright registrations thereon with the same
 legal force and effect as if executed by Employee.

B-3 

3. 
 
 Non-Disclosure and Assignment : 

3.1 
 
 Employee acknowledges that during the term of employment with Company, Employee will have access or be exposed to, or learn or develop, Confidential Information. Employee understands that Confidential Information means any Company
 information, data, or physical property that relates to the actual or anticipated business or research and development of Company, Company proprietary information, technical data, trade secrets, or know-how, including, but not limited to:
 research; formulas; business plans; strategic plans; product and marketing plans; sales compensation plans; sales methods; financial information; vendor information (both actual and potential), including, without limitation, vendor lists,
 and vendor contact, volume, and pricing information; supplier information (both actual and potential), including, without limitation, supplier lists, and supplier contact, volume, and pricing information; distributor information (both
 actual and potential), including, but not limited to; distributor lists, and distributor contact information, volume, sales, ability, performance, compensation, downline, upline, and personally identifiable information; employee
 information (both actual and potential), including, but not limited to, employee lists, and employee contact information, experience, qualification, ability, performance, compensation, and personally identifiable information; markets;
 market development strategies; sales strategies; strategies for the acquisition, retention, acquisition, and growth of distributors; software and computer programs; specifications; reports; designs; drawings; prototypes; procedures;
 inventions; operations; procedures; manufacturing techniques, engineering processes; technology; unpublished patent applications and invention disclosures; production planning information; sales and purchasing quantities, prices, or
 quotations; budget plans; contracts; risk analysis; correspondence with distributors, suppliers, and vendors; and other business information disclosed to me by Company, directly or indirectly, that is proprietary, confidential, or secret,
 whether in digital, hard copy, verbal, visual, tangible, intangible, or other form.

B-4 

3.2 
 
 During and after Employee s employment, Employee shall hold the Confidential Information and/or Inventions in strictest confidence and shall protect them with utmost care. Employee shall not disclose, copy, remove from Company s
 premises, or permit any person to disclose or copy any of the Confidential Information and/or Inventions, and Employee shall not use any of the Confidential Information and/or Inventions, except for the exclusive benefit of Company and
 only as necessary to perform Employee s duties as an employee of Company.

3.3 
 
 During employment with Company, Employee shall not improperly use or disclose any confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or concurrent employer or previously obtained from or provided by any other person
 or entity. On signing this Agreement, Employee shall disclose to Company the existence of agreements Employee has with prior employers or such other persons or entities, and shall comply with the terms of all such agreements with respect
 to confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets. Employee agrees and represents that Employee s employment with Company does not cause Employee to be in breach of any contract or agreement with any former or concurrent
 employer.

3.4 
 
 Employee recognizes that Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on Company s part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and
 to use it only for certain limited purposes. Employee agrees to hold all such confidential or proprietary information in the strictest confidence and to not use or disclose it except as necessary in carrying out Employee s work for
 Company consistent with Company s agreement with such third party.

3.5 
 
 This Agreement will not be interpreted to prevent the use or disclosure of information that: (a) is required by law to be disclosed, but only to the extent that such disclosure is legally required, (b) becomes a part of the public
 knowledge other than by a breach of an obligation of confidentiality, or (c) is rightfully received from a third party not obligated to hold such information confidential. The Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act provides immunity to
 individuals under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely for
 the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceedings, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for
 retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document
 containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. If Employee brings suit against Company in connection with Employee s employment relationship with Company, Employee may
 disclose Confidential Information to Employee s attorney and use the Confidential Information in the court proceeding, if Employee files any document containing Confidential Information under seal and does not disclose the Confidential
 Information, except pursuant to court order. Other than as described or addressed in this subparagraph, or as outlined in Paragraph 17 below, Employee must advise Company prior to disclosure of Confidential Information to be communicated
 pursuant to law so that Company may obtain a protective order as necessary to protect its confidentiality interests.

B-5 

4. 
 
 Future Inventions : Employee recognizes that inventions, original works of authorship, developments, improvements,
 and trade secrets that relate to Employee s activities while working for Company, and which are conceived, developed, reduced to practice, or created by Employee, whether alone or with others, within one year after termination of
 Employee s employment future inventions ), may constitute Inventions as that term is defined above. Accordingly, Employee agrees that Company s rights and Employee s obligations with respect to Inventions apply to future inventions,
 unless and until Employee has established the contrary. 

5. 
 
 Ethical Standards : Employee agrees to maintain the highest ethical and legal standards in Employee s conduct, to
 be scrupulously honest and straightforward in all of Employee s dealings, and to avoid all situations which might create the appearance or perception of unethical or illegal conduct. 

6. 
 
 Product Resale : As an employee of Company, Employee may receive Company products and materials either at no charge
 or at a discount as specified from time to time by Company in its sole discretion. Employee agrees that the products and materials received shall be used strictly in accordance with the applicable policies of Company and shall not be
 sold, distributed, or transferred in any manner that would violate such policies. 

7. 
 
 Gratuities : Employee shall neither seek nor retain gifts, gratuities, entertainment, or other forms of
 compensation, benefit, or persuasion from suppliers, distributors, vendors, or their representatives except in compliance with Company policy. 

8. 
 
 Non-Solicitation : Employee shall not in any way, directly or indirectly, on Employee s own behalf or on behalf of
 others, either alone or with, assisting, or through others, at any time during employment or within one year after either a voluntary or involuntary employment termination: (a) solicit, divert, take away, or interfere with Company s
 distributors, employees, suppliers, or vendors, including, without limitation, inducing, facilitating, recruiting, or encouraging Company s distributors, employees, suppliers, or vendors to terminate or alter their relationship with
 Company or to do business with any person or entity that competes with Company, regardless of whether or not Employee initiates any such contact; or (b) attempt to do any of the foregoing. 

B-6 

9. 
 
 Non-Disparagement : Subject to Paragraph 17 below, Employee shall not in any way, directly or indirectly, at any
 time during employment or after either voluntary or involuntary employment termination, disparage Company, Company products, Company employees, or Company distributors, including, without limitation, the business, reputation, practices,
 or conduct of any of the foregoing. 

10. 
 
 Non-Competition : In exchange for the benefits of continued employment by Company, Employee shall not, without the
 prior written consent of Company: (i) serve in any capacity whatsoever, including, but not limited to, as a partner, joint venturer, employee, distributor, consultant, principal, officer, director, manager, member, affiliate,
 representative, agent, associate, contractor, inventor, advisor, licensor, licensee, promoter, or investor for; (ii) directly or indirectly, own, purchase, organize or take preparatory steps for the organization of; or (iii) build,
 design, finance, acquire, lease, operate, manage, control, invest in, participate in, work or consult for or otherwise join or participate in or affiliate with or provide service to any direct selling or multilevel marketing company or
 entity, including, without limitation, any direct or indirect affiliate or subsidiary of such company or entity, that competes with the business of Company whether for market share of products or for independent distributors; provided,
 however, Employee may own publicly traded securities of a company whose securities are publicly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission if Employee s ownership interest is
 less than 1 of the total outstanding securities of such company. The foregoing covenant shall cover Employee s activities in every part of the Territory. Territory shall mean: (i) all states of the United States of America; and (ii)
 any other countries in which Company maintains non-trivial operations or facilities, provides goods or services, has customers or distributors, or otherwise conducts business during the time of employment. Employee shall not engage in
 activities that may require or inevitably require disclosure of Confidential Information. The restrictions set forth in this paragraph shall remain in effect during Employee s employment with Company. 

11. 
 
 Release to Use Image, Name, Voice, and Likeness : 

11.1 
 
 Employee hereby grants Company and its agents, licensees and assigns a perpetual, non-revocable, and non-exclusive right to use, distribute, and/or display, throughout the world in any form now known or later developed, Employee s
 name, image, likeness, title, picture, portrait, appearance, words, voice, biographical information, and/or actions (the Personal Information ), by incorporating it into any form of commercial, informational, educational, advertising,
 and/or promotional material (the Works ), even if such Works are created after the termination of Employee s employment, so long as such Personal Information was obtained during Employee s employment with Company. Employee expressly
 consents to Company s use of the Personal Information to create Works that express or imply that Employee approves, endorses, have endorsed, or will endorse the specific subject matter of the Works. Company may use the Personal
 Information for any purpose, in its sole discretion, except that Company will not use the Personal Information for any criminal or illegal purpose.

B-7 

11.2 
 
 Employee agrees to indemnify and defend Company, its agents, employees, licensees and assigns from any and all claims or causes of action that Employee, or any third party, may have now or in the future, arising out of the use,
 distribution, or display of the Personal Information.

11.3 
 
 Employee agrees that Company is and shall be the exclusive owner of all right, title, and interest, including copyright, in the Works. Employee agrees that Employee will not be entitled to compensation of any kind for the use of the
 Personal Information and/or the Works unless otherwise agreed to in writing.

12. 
 
 Acknowledgement : Employee acknowledges that Employee s fulfillment of the
 obligations contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, Employee s confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, and non-competition covenants in Paragraphs 3 and 8-10 above, are fair and reasonable,
 are necessary to protect the Company s Confidential Information and, consequently, to preserve the value and goodwill of the Company, and should be construed to apply to the fullest extent
 possible by applicable laws. Employee further acknowledges the time, geographic, and scope limitations of these obligations are reasonable, and that Employee will not be precluded from gainful
 employment if obligated not to compete with Company during the period and within the Territory as described in this Agreement. Employee has carefully read this Agreement, has consulted with independent legal counsel to the
 extent Employee deems appropriate, and has given careful consideration to the restraints imposed by the Agreement. Employee acknowledges that the terms of this Agreement are enforceable regardless of the manner in which Employee s
 employment is terminated, whether voluntary or involuntary. In the event that Employee is to be employed as an attorney for a competitive business, Company and Employee acknowledge that Paragraph 10 is not intended to restrict the right
 of Employee to practice law in violation of any applicable rules of professional conduct. 

13. 
 
 Separate Covenants : Employee s confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, and non-competition covenants
 in Paragraphs 3 and 8-10 above shall be construed as a series of separate covenants, one for each city, county, and state of any geographic area in the Territory. Except for geographic coverage, each such separate covenant shall be
 deemed identical in terms to the covenants contained above. If, in any judicial or arbitral proceeding, a court or arbitrator refuses to enforce any of such separate covenants (or any part thereof), then such unenforceable covenant (or
 such part) shall be revised, or if revision is not permitted it shall be eliminated from this Agreement, to the extent necessary to permit the remaining separate covenants (or portions thereof) to be enforced. In the event that the
 provisions of Paragraphs 3 and 8-10 above are deemed to exceed the time, geographic, or scope limitations permitted by applicable law, then such provisions shall be reformed to the maximum time, geographic, or scope limitations, as the
 case may be, then permitted by such law. In the event that the applicable court or arbitrator does not exercise the power granted to it in the prior sentence, Employee and Company agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or
 provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business, and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable term. 

B-8 

14. 
 
 Return of Equipment and Information upon Termination : On Company s request at any time, and in any event on the
 termination of employment for any reason, Employee shall promptly deliver to Company (and will not keep in Employee s possession, in hard copy or digital form, or recreate, copy, or deliver to anyone else) any and all Confidential
 Information and Inventions, including, but not limited to, any distributor, supplier, and vendor contact information and notes or summaries thereof. Employee will also deliver to the Company (and will not keep in Employee s possession,
 in hard copy or digital form, or recreate, copy, or deliver to anyone else) any and all devices, assets, equipment, property, passwords, documents, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, formulae,
 specifications, drawings, or any other items or materials whatsoever (or any copies or reproductions of any of the aforementioned items), developed by Employee pursuant to Employee s employment with Company or otherwise belonging to
 Company. Employee understands and agrees that compliance with this paragraph may require that data be removed from Employee s personal computer equipment and electronic storage devices of any kind, and Employee agrees to give the
 qualified personnel of Company or its contractors access to such computer equipment or devices for that purpose. 

15. 
 
 Remedies and Enforcement of Restrictive Covenants : Employee acknowledges that: (a) compliance with the provisions
 of the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement is necessary to protect the business and goodwill of Company; and (b) a breach of such provisions will result in irreparable and continuing harm to Company, for which money
 damages will not provide adequate relief. Consequently, Employee agrees that, in the event Employee breaches or threatens to breach any of such provisions, Company shall be entitled to temporary, preliminary, and/or permanent injunctive
 relief to prevent the threatened harm or the continuation of harm. Employee agrees that Company does not need to post a bond to obtain an injunction and waives Employee s right to require such a bond. The seeking and/or obtaining of
 such injunctive relief shall be without prejudice to, and are in addition to, Company s right to seek any other remedies available to Company for such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages from Employee, and
 remedies available under federal and state laws, including, but not limited to, the Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act, and the parties agree that all remedies are cumulative. It is further recognized and agreed that the provisions of
 Paragraphs 3, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement and [Paragraphs 3 and 5] of the Addendum are for the purpose of restricting Employee s activities to the extent necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests of Company and
 that Employee agrees that said provisions do not and will not preclude Employee from engaging in activities sufficient for the purposes of earning a living. Unless prohibited by law, Employee also agrees that any breach by Employee of
 the provisions of Paragraphs 3, 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement and [Paragraphs 3 and 5] of the Addendum during employment by Company shall be grounds for forfeiture of any accrued bonuses or commissions as liquidated damages, which shall
 be in addition to and not exclusive of any and all other rights and remedies Company may have against Employee. 

B-9 

16. 
 
 Attorney s Fees : If any party to this Agreement breaches any of the terms of this Agreement, then that party shall
 pay to the non-defaulting party all of the non-defaulting party s costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney s fees, incurred by that party in enforcing the terms of this Agreement. 

17. 
 
 Protected Activity: Nothing in this Agreement is intended, or should be interpreted, to restrict,
 impede, or otherwise limit the rights of all employees to report possible violations of law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity tasked with enforcing such laws and regulations, including but not limited to the United
 States Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or to participate in an investigation by any such
 agencies or entities; nor is this Agreement intended to limit employees rights to discuss among themselves or others wages, benefits, and other terms and conditions of employment or workplace matters of mutual concern, as protected by
 the National Labor Relations Act or other law. Employee is not required to notify Company of his or her intention to file such a report or participate in such an investigation prior to contacting the agency or entity. 

18. 
 
 Severability : If any provision, paragraph, or subparagraph of this Agreement is adjudged by any court or
 administrative agency to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this adjudication shall not affect the validity of the remainder of the Agreement, including any other provision, paragraph, or subparagraph. Each provision,
 paragraph, and subparagraph of this Agreement is severable from every other provision, paragraph, and subparagraph and constitutes a separate and distinct covenant. 

19. 
 
 Governing Law and Forum : This Agreement shall be governed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
 Utah, excepting its choice of law rules, and any litigation between the parties relating to this Agreement shall be conducted in the state or federal courts in or for Utah County in the State of Utah. 

20. 
 
 Employment At Will : Employee understands that employment with Company is at-will, meaning that employment with
 Company is completely voluntary and for an indefinite term and that either Employee or Company is free to terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. Employee further understands that any
 representation to the contrary is unauthorized and not valid unless obtained in writing and approved by the Company s board of directors. 

B-10 

21. 
 
 Employment Subject to Company s Policies and Procedures : The parties acknowledge and agree that Company has
 established, and may establish, various workplace policies and procedures, which Company may modify in its sole discretion from time to time. Employee acknowledges such policies and procedures, and agrees to abide by such policies and
 procedures, as they may be implemented or modified from time to time. 

22. 
 
 Entire Agreement : Company and Employee understand and agree that this Agreement shall constitute the entire
 agreement between them regarding the subject matter contained herein, and that all prior understandings or agreements regarding these matters are hereby superseded and replaced, including, without limitation, any written agreements
 previously signed by the parties. Any amendment or addendum to, or modification or supplementation of, this Agreement must be in writing signed by the parties hereto and stating the intent of the parties to amend or modify this
 Agreement. 

23. 
 
 Survivability of Obligations : This Agreement sets forth several obligations which continue after the termination
 of Employee s employment with Company, including, without limitation, those obligations set forth in Paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 9, 11 and 12, and the parties specifically acknowledge and agree that such obligations shall survive the
 termination of Employee s employment for any reason. 

THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND FREELY ACCEPTED BY:

Dated:

Employee

B-11 

EXHIBIT A

LIST OF PRIOR INVENTIONS

Title 
 
 Date 
 
 Identifying Number or Brief Description 

_____ No inventions or improvements

_____ Additional Sheets Attached

Signature of Employee:

Print Name of Employee:

Date:

B-12 

ADDENDUM TO EMPLOYEE COVENANTS AGREEMENT

FOR KEY EMPLOYEES

Company and Employee entered an Employee Covenants Agreement dated ______________. Employee Covenants Agreement ). As a condition of and in consideration of employment or continued
 employment with Company, Company and Employee hereby acknowledge and agree to modify and/or supplement the terms of the Employee Covenants Agreement as follows:

1. 
 
 Terms of Employee Covenants Agreement : Company and Employee agree that the defined terms in the Employee Covenants
 Agreement shall have the same meaning in this Addendum. Company and Employee further agree that all terms of the Employee Covenants Agreement remain in full force and effect, except as modified herein. To the extent of a conflict
 between terms of the Employee Covenants Agreement and this Addendum, the applicable portion or portions of this Addendum shall control. 

2. 
 
 Conflict of Interest : All references in Paragraph 1 and subparagraphs 1.1 through 1.3 of the Employee Covenants
 Agreement to Employee s director, supervisor, and HR shall be replaced with Company s General Counsel. For example, and without limiting the provisions of that Paragraph and subparagraphs, Employee shall direct questions
 concerning conflicts of interest to, report actual or potential conflicts of interest to, seek an appropriate waiver or resolution of such conflict of interest from, and provide any required notifications or disclosures to, Company s
 General Counsel. The General Counsel shall direct questions concerning conflicts of interest to, report actual or potential conflicts of interest to, seek an appropriate waiver or resolution of such
 conflict of interest from, and provide any required notifications or disclosures to, the Chair of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. 

3. 
 
 Non-Competition : Employee agrees that the restrictions in Paragraph 10 of the Employee Covenants Agreement shall
 remain in effect during a period of one year following termination of Employee s employment for any reason. In the event of any breach or violation of
 these restrictions prior to or during this one-year period, or a good faith allegation by Company of Employee s breach or violation of these restrictions, this one-year period shall be extended until such breach or violation of these
 restrictions, or dispute related to an allegation by Company that Employee has breached or violated these restrictions, has been duly cured or resolved, as applicable. 

4. 
 
 Other Employment : Subject to the limitations in the Employee Covenants Agreement and this Addendum, should
 Employee obtain other employment or service as a director during Employee s employment with Company, or within one year immediately following Employee s termination for any reason, Employee shall provide written notice to the Company s
 General Counsel of the name and address of the new employer, the position Employee expects to hold, and a general description of Employee s expected duties and responsibilities, at least three days prior to starting such employment or
 service. Employee shall also provide a copy of the Employee Covenants Agreement and this Addendum to the new employer. 

B-13 

5. 
 
 [ Non-Endorsement : Employee shall not in any way, directly or indirectly, at any time during employment or within one year after either a voluntary or involuntary employment termination,
 endorse any sales compensation plan of another person or entity that competes with Company or any products of Company, promote or speak on behalf of any person or entity whose products compete with those of Company, or allow Employee s
 name or likeness to be used in any way to promote any person, entity, or product that competes with Company or any products of Company.] [Paragraph to be included for employees as deemed appropriate by the
 Company] 

6. 
 
 Acknowledgment : In addition to the acknowledgment of Paragraph 12 of the Agreement, Employee further acknowledges
 that Employee s position and work activities with the Company are key and vital to the on-going success of Company s operation in each product category and in the Territory. In addition, Employee acknowledges that Employee s
 employment or involvement with any other direct selling or multilevel marketing company in particular would create the impression that Employee has left Company for a better opportunity, which could damage Company by this perception
 in the minds of Company s employees, distributors, or other persons. Therefore, Employee acknowledges that Employee s non-competition covenant in this Addendum is fair and reasonable, is n ecessary to
 protect the Company s Confidential Information and, consequently, to preserve the value and goodwill of the Company, and should be construed to apply to the fullest extent possible by applicable laws. Employee further acknowledges the time, geographic, and scope limitations of this obligation are reasonable, and that Employee will not be precluded from gainful employment if obligated not to compete with Company
 during the period and within the Territory as described in the Agreement and this Addendum. Employee has carefully read this Addendum, has consulted with independent legal counsel to the extent Employee deems appropriate, and
 has given careful consideration to the restraints imposed by this Addendum. Employee acknowledges that the terms of this Addendum are enforceable regardless of the manner in which Employee s employment is terminated, whether voluntary
 or involuntary. In the event that Employee is to be employed as an attorney for a competitive business, Company and Employee acknowledge that this Addendum is not intended to restrict the right of Employee to practice law in violation
 of any applicable rules of professional conduct. 

THIS ADDENDUM TO EMPLOYEE COVENANTS AGREEMENT FOR KEY EMPLOYEES HAS BEEN READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND FREELY ACCEPTED BY:

Dated:

Employee

B-14 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 brhc10046901_ex21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

EXHIBIT 21.1

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Big Planet, Inc., a Delaware corporation

Corner Canyon Canada, Inc., an Ontario corporation

Corner Canyon Manufacturing, Inc., a Utah corporation

Elevate Nutraceuticals LLC, a Utah limited liability company

Gr v Technologies, LLC, a Utah limited liability company

Grow Solutions Tech LLC, a Utah limited liability company

Guangdong Xingchuang Daily-Use Health Products Co. Ltd., a Chinese company

Ingredient Innovations International Company, a Delaware corporation

Innuvate Health Sciences LLC, a Utah limited liability company

L W Holdings, Inc., a Utah corporation

MyFavoriteThings, Inc., a Delaware corporation

NOX Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation

NSE Asia Products, Pte. Ltd., a Singapore corporation

NSE Investments, Inc., a Delaware corporation

NSE Products Europe BV, a Belgium private limited liability company

NSE Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation

NSEMC, Inc., a Delaware corporation

NSJ Ltd., a Japan corporation

Nu Berry, LLC, a Utah limited liability company

Nu Skin (China) Daily-Use Health Products Co., Ltd., a Chinese company

Nu Skin (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., a Malaysia corporation

Nu Skin Argentina, Inc., a Utah corporation

Nu Skin Asia Holdings, Pte. Ltd., a Singapore corporation

Nu Skin Asia Investment, Inc., a Delaware corporation

Nu Skin Beauty and Wellness Co. Ltd., a Chinese company

Nu Skin Brazil, Ltda., a Brazil limited liability company

Nu Skin Canada, Inc., a Utah corporation

Nu Skin Colombia, Inc., a Delaware corporation

Nu Skin Czech Republic, s.r.o., a Czech Republic limited liability company

Nu Skin Eastern Europe Kft., a Hungary limited liability company

Nu Skin El Salvador, S.A. de C.V., an El Salvador corporation

Nu Skin Enterprises (Thailand) Limited, a Delaware corporation

Nu Skin Enterprises (Thailand) Limited, a Thailand corporation

Nu Skin Enterprises Australia, Inc., a Utah corporation

Nu Skin Enterprises Chile Ltda., a Chile limited liability company

Nu Skin Enterprises de Venezuela, C.A., a Venezuela corporation

Nu Skin Enterprises Hong Kong, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

Nu Skin Enterprises New Zealand, Inc., a Utah corporation

Nu Skin Enterprises Philippines, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

Nu Skin Enterprises Poland Sp. z o.o., a Poland limited liability company

Nu Skin Enterprises RS, LLC, a Russia limited liability company

Nu Skin Enterprises Singapore Pte. Ltd., a Singapore corporation

Nu Skin Enterprises South Africa (Proprietary) Limited, a South Africa proprietary limited company

Nu Skin Enterprises SRL, a Romania limited liability company

Nu Skin Enterprises Ukraine, LLC, a Ukraine limited liability company

Nu Skin Enterprises United States, Inc., a Delaware corporation

Nu Skin Enterprises Vietnam Limited Liability Company, a Vietnam limited liability company 

Nu Skin France, SRL, a France limited liability company

Nu Skin Germany, GmbH, a Germany limited liability company

Nu Skin Honduras, S.A., a Honduras corporation

Nu Skin International Management Group, Inc., a Utah corporation

Nu Skin International, Inc., a Utah corporation

Nu Skin Islandi ehf., an Iceland private limited liability company

Nu Skin Israel, Inc., a Delaware corporation

Nu Skin Italy, Srl, an Italy limited liability company

Nu Skin Japan Company, Limited, a Japan corporation

Nu Skin Korea Ltd., a Korea corporation

Nu Skin Malaysia Holdings Sdn. Bhd., a Malaysia corporation

Nu Skin Mexico, S.A. de C.V., a Mexico corporation

Nu Skin Netherlands, B.V., a Netherlands private limited liability company

Nu Skin New Caledonia EURL, a France limited company

Nu Skin Norway AS, a Norway private limited liability company

Nu Skin Peru S.A.C., a Peru company

Nu Skin Scandinavia A/S, a Denmark stock-based corporation

Nu Skin Services Costa Rica, a Costa Rica corporation

Nu Skin Slovakia s.r.o., a Slovak Republic limited liability company

Nu Skin Taiwan, LLC, a Utah limited liability company

Nu Skin United Kingdom Ltd, a United Kingdom private company

NuSkin Belgium, NV, a Belgium limited liability company

NuSkin Pharmanex (B) Sdn. Bhd, a Brunei corporation

Pharmanex (Huzhou) Health Products Co., Ltd., a Chinese company

Pharmanex Electronic-Optical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., a Chinese company

Pharmanex, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PT. Nu Skin Distribution Indonesia, an Indonesia corporation

PT. Nusa Selaras Indonesia, an Indonesia corporation

RHYZ Analytical, Inc., a Utah corporation

RHYZ Inc., a Delaware corporation 

Shanghai Nuskin Chuangxing Daily-Use Health Product Co. Ltd., a Chinese company

Treviso, LLC, a Utah limited liability company

Vertical Eden LLC, a Utah limited liability company

Wasatch Product Development, LLC, a Utah limited liability company

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 brhc10046901_ex23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement s on Form
 S-8 (Nos. 333-130304, 333-167690, 333-190508, 333-211617, 333-238908 and 333-252976 of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. of our
 report dated February 15, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

 Salt Lake City, Utah

 February 15, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 brhc10046901_ex31-1.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

I, Ryan. S. Napierski , certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
 material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
 quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
 financial reporting.

Date: February 15, 2023

/s/ Ryan. S. Napierski 

Ryan. S. Napierski

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 brhc10046901_ex31-2.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

I, Mark H. Lawrence , certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
 material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
 the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
 quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
 financial reporting.

Date: February 15, 2023

/s/ Mark H. Lawrence

Mark H. Lawrence

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 brhc10046901_ex32-1.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Ryan. S. Napierski , Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 that to the best of my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: February 15, 2023

/s/ Ryan. S. Napierski 

Ryan. S. Napierski

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 brhc10046901_ex32-2.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Mark H.
 Lawrence, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: February 15, 2023

/s/ Mark H. Lawrence

Mark H. Lawrence

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 nus-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 nus-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 nus-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 nus-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 nus-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

