<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1790625_0001790625-23-000020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19142569</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>2272051</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3028208</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6913637</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3535792</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2979323</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001790625-23-000020.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313171909
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001790625-23-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AgileThought, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001790625
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39157
		FILM NUMBER:		23728238

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 W. LAS COLINAS BLVD, SUITE 1650E
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-501-1440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 W. LAS COLINAS BLVD, SUITE 1650E
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIV Capital Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191008

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001790625-23-000020.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 agil-20221231.htm
 10-K

agil-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 ) - 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 (Zip Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 
 Capital Market 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o x Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant t o 240.10D-1(b) . o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of 5.17 for shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, was approximately million. As of March 7, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 AgileThought, Inc. - Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 December 31, 2022 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 51 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 52 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 52 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 53 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 53 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 53 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 79 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 80 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 120 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 121 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 122 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 122 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 123 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 123 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 123 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 123 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 123 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 124 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 128 
 SIGNATURES 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, plans and objectives. You can generally identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections regarding future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Accordingly, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: 
 
 the financial and business performance of the Company; 
 our ability to refinance, repay and/or continue to service our indebtedness; 
 our future capital requirements and sources and uses of cash; 
 our ability to obtain funding to service and repay our indebtedness and for our future operations; 
 our business, expansion plans and opportunities; 
 changes in our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects and plans; 
 our ability to develop, maintain and expand client relationships, including relationships with our largest clients; 
 changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political, regulatory and legal conditions; 
 competition and our ability to grow and manage growth profitably; 
 our ability to attract and retain highly skilled information technology professionals; 
 our ability to maintain favorable pricing, utilization rates and productivity levels for our information technology professionals and their services; 
 our ability to innovate successfully and maintain our relationships with key vendors; 
 our ability to successfully identify and integrate any future acquisitions; 
 our ability to provide our services without security breaches and comply with changing regulatory, legislative and industry standard developments regarding privacy and data security matters; 
 our ability to operate effectively in multiple jurisdictions in Latin America and in the United States in the different business, market, financial, political, legal and regulatory conditions in the different markets; 
 developments and projections relating to our competitors and industry; 
 the impact of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on our business and the actions we may take in response thereto; 
 expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended; 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 the outcome of any known and unknown litigation or legal proceedings and regulatory proceedings involving us; and 
 our ability to maintain the listing of our securities. 
 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur. The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following is a summary of select risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect AgileThought and its business, financial condition and results of operations. You should carefully consider all the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including matters set forth under the heading Risk Factors. 
 
 We do not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities to service our substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We need additional capital, and failure to raise additional capital on terms favorable to us, or at all, would limit our ability to meet our debt and other obligations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness has affected our ability to obtain financing or refinance our existing indebtedness, reduces available cash flow for operations and limits our ability to complete certain transactions necessary for growth of our business. 
 
 Our cost reduction initiatives may not deliver the expected results and could disrupt our business. 
 
 We have not complied, and may not in the future, be able to comply with the financial covenants in our credit agreements, which have resulted, and may result, in events of default. 
 
 We have not had, and may not have, sufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand and available borrowings under current or new credit arrangements to satisfy earnout obligations in connection with prior acquisitions. 
 
 We are dependent on our largest clients, and if we fail to maintain these relationships or successfully obtain new engagements, we may not achieve our revenue growth and other financial goals. 
 
 We may not be able to recover or sustain our revenue growth rate consistent with the rate prior to COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 We must attract and retain highly skilled IT professionals. Failure to hire, train and retain IT professionals in sufficient numbers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We may not be successful in building a university recruiting and hiring program, which could hamper our ability to scale our business and grow revenue. 
 
 Increases in our levels of attrition may increase our operating costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our revenue is dependent on a limited number of industry verticals, and any decrease in demand for IT services in these verticals or our failure to effectively penetrate new verticals could adversely affect our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our contracts could be unprofitable, and any failure by us to accurately estimate the resources required to complete a contract on time and on budget could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our operating results could suffer if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing. 
 
 If we do not maintain adequate employee utilization rates and productivity levels, our operating results may suffer and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 We may be unable to effectively manage our growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management personnel, systems and resources. 

Table of Contents 

 If we do not successfully manage and develop our relationships with key partners or if we fail to anticipate and establish new partnerships in new technologies, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our sales of services and operating results may experience significant variability and our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 
 Strategic acquisitions to complement and expand our business have been and may remain an important part of our competitive strategy. If we fail to acquire companies whose prospects, when combined with our company, would increase our value, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 We face intense competition. 
 
 We are dependent on members of our senior management team. 
 
 Forecasts of our market size may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, there can be no assurance that our business will grow at similar rates, or at all. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. 
 
 Cybersecurity attacks, breaches or other technological failures or security incidents, and changes in laws and regulations related to the internet or changes in the internet infrastructure itself, may diminish the demand for our services and could have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 We may not secure sufficient intellectual property rights or obtain, maintain, protect, defend or enforce such rights sufficiently to comply with our obligations to our clients or protect our brand and we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of or otherwise protect our intellectual property, thereby eroding our competitive advantages and harming our business. 
 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 
 General economic conditions in Mexico may have an adverse effect on our operations and business. 
 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates and increased inflation could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock and warrants has been and will likely continue to be volatile and could decline significantly. 
 
 Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our securities. 
 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 
 Future sales of common stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our charter and our bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 History of the Company 
 AgileThought, Inc. AgileThought offers client-centric, onshore and nearshore agile-first digital transformation services that help our clients transform by building, improving and running new solutions at scale. Our services enable our clients to leverage technology more effectively to focus on better business outcomes. From consulting to application development and cloud services to data management and automation, we strive to create a transparent, collaborative, and responsive experience for our clients. 
 Prior to our incorporation in Delaware, we were a variable stock corporation organized under the laws of Mexico. We filed a Certificate of Domestication and a Certificate of Incorporation to become a Delaware corporation in February 2019 and changed our name to AN Global Inc. On October 23, 2019, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to change our name to AgileThought, Inc. 
 Since our inception, we have added a variety of services, acquired several businesses and expanded our operations throughout North America: 
 
 2000: Founded in Mexico. 
 
 2015 2016: Partnered with Nexxus, completed five acquisitions and established capabilities in digital transformation, cloud solutions, advanced analytics and digital marketing. Also launched digital transformation services. 
 
 2017: Partnered with Credit Suisse, completed three acquisitions and established capabilities in e-commerce. 
 
 2018: Acquired 4th Source, expanded U.S. footprint and enhanced presence with clients from the healthcare industry. 
 
 2019: Acquired AgileThought, LLC, expanded U.S. footprint, enhanced delivery capabilities and presence with large clients within the professional services industry, relocated global headquarters to Dallas, Texas and changed its name to AgileThought, Inc. 
 On August 23, 2021 Closing Date ), LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. LIVK ), a special purpose acquisition company, and AgileThought Legacy AgileThought consummated the transactions contemplated by the definitive agreement and plan of merger Merger Agreement ), dated May 9, 2021 Business Combination ). Pursuant to the terms, Legacy AgileThought merged with and into LIVK, whereupon the separate corporate existence of Legacy AgileThought ceased, with LIVK surviving such merger (the Surviving Company ). On the Closing Date, the Surviving Company changed its name to AgileThought, Inc. (the Company , AgileThought , we , us and our under which we operate today. 
 Business Overview 
 
 Our mission is to fundamentally change the way people and organizations view, approach and achieve digital transformation. We help our clients transform their businesses by innovating, building, continually improving and running new technology solutions at scale. Our services enable our clients to more effectively leverage technology, optimize cost, grow, and compete. 
 
 We combine our agile-first approach with expertise in emerging technologies to discover, design, and deliver solutions that help our clients overcome the challenges of digital transformation to innovate, build, run and continually improve solutions at scale using DevOps tools and methodologies. We offer client-centric, onshore and nearshore digital transformation services that include consulting, design and user experience, custom enterprise application development, DevOps, cloud computing, mobile, data management, advanced analytics and automation expertise. Our professionals have direct industry operating expertise that allows them to understand the business context and the technology pain points that enterprises encounter. We leverage this expertise to create customized frameworks and solutions throughout clients digital transformation journeys. We invest in understanding the specific needs and requirements of our clients and tailor our services for them. We believe our personalized, hands-on approach allows us to demonstrate our differentiated capabilities, 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 build trust and confidence with new clients, and strengthen relationships with current ones, enabling a trusted client advisor relationship. By leveraging our AgileThought Operating Model ATOM and our industry expertise, we rapidly and predictably deliver enterprise-level software solutions at scale. Our deep expertise in next-generation technologies facilitates our ability to provide enterprise-class capabilities in key areas of digital transformation. 
 
 Industry Background 
 
 In recent years, technological advances have altered business and competitive landscapes at a pace and at a scale that is unprecedented in modern industry. The proliferation of new technologies, such as cloud computing, mobile, social media, artificial intelligence, machine learning, advanced analytics and automation delivered in an omni-channel way, and the ability to rent them as-a-service instead of acquiring them outright at significant upfront cost, have diminished the scale and infrastructure advantages of incumbent businesses. This, in turn, has enabled the rise of a new breed of companies, known as digital disruptors, across different industries. Digital disruptors use digital technology platforms that are essentially software applications to enable innovative ways of providing products and services to clients. Digital disruptors often differentiate themselves with their extensive expertise in developing and using software. New technologies also give customers and employees more information and choices, changing how and where they engage with enterprises. 
 
 Best-in-class software developers have also re-imagined the process of software development. Today, digital disruptors build software by deploying an agile methodology. The traditional waterfall method, premised on a sequential and siloed approach to building software, results in long development cycles, fails to integrate user feedback quickly and is often more expensive than the agile method. The agile method is user-driven and focuses on continuous delivery of small upgrades with multi-disciplinary software development teams rapidly designing, developing, testing, delivering and continually monitoring updates to software. The agile method also enables enterprises to continuously innovate and improve products and processes with greater speed than ever before. 
 
 Due to these factors, incumbent enterprises with cumbersome processes have a critical need to digitally transform their businesses in order to compete with new entrants in their markets, enhance customer experiences, drive differentiation, optimize operations and regain their competitive advantages. This requires re-imagining and re-engineering their businesses. In order to undertake digital transformation, enterprises need to devise new business strategies, alter their organizational structures and cultures, and, most importantly, modernize their technology infrastructures. 
 
 Our Opportunity 
 
 Given the diverse benefits digital transformation brings across industries, we expect the demand to remain robust, especially in key industries such as: retail, healthcare, financial services and professional services. Businesses are focused on protecting themselves from the current environment of uncertainty while making the most of any innovation and automation opportunities to scale their digital business. 
 
 Due to increased demand for artificial intelligence, cloud and analytics we expect worldwide digital transformation spending in each of the healthcare and financial services sectors to increase at an approximate 20 compounded annual growth rate, from 2022 to 2026. Additionally, the fast growing interest in Digital Twins and Robotic Process Automation-Based Claims Processing will allow us to accelerate growth in all of our key industries as the spend for each of these services are expected to grow greater than 30 during the same period. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 Key elements of our growth strategy include: 
 
 Expand Our Client Footprint in the United States 
 
 We are focused on growing our client footprint in the United States and furthering the application of our proven business capabilities in the U.S. market. We acquired 4th Source in 2018 and AgileThought in 2019, both of which are U.S. headquartered and operated companies. These acquisitions have consolidated our presence in the U.S. market which is projected to be the largest geographic market for Digital Transformation spending through 2026, accounting for nearly 35 of the total spending worldwide and surpassing 1.0 trillion spending in 2025. Our 2022 and 2021 revenue from U.S. clients were 63.5 and 65.2 of our total revenue, respectively. 
 
 Expand Our Client Footprint in the Latin America 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 We are also focused on growing our client footprint in Latin America and leveraging our local experience and network to capitalize on the region s growth potential. The Latin America region is expected to experience the second strongest growth in Digital Transformation from 2022 to 2026 with a five year projected compounded annual growth rate of approximately 20 . Our business started in Mexico and we have established experience in the Latin America market since then, and we believe our experience allows us to tailor our offerings and naturally assertively approach our clients in that market. Our 2022 and 2021 revenue from Latin America clients were 36.5 and 34.8 of our total revenue, respectively. 
 
 Penetrate Existing Clients via Cross-Selling 
 
 We seek to deepen our relationships with existing clients through relation-based selling and moving ourselves to a trusted client advisor relationship. We also seek to expand wallet share by cross-selling our additional services. Our client relationships generally begin with a proof-of-concept, or a pilot, to address a specific business challenge. After this initial phase, we are able to more easily cross-sell our portfolio of services across organizations. We believe we have a successful track record of expanding our relationships with clients by offering a wide range of complementary services. 
 
 Continue to Identify and Build Competencies in Next-Generation Technologies 
 
 We are dedicated to remaining at the forefront of market trends and next-generation technologies. We intend to maintain, improve and extend our expertise and delivery capabilities across next-generation and commercially-proven technologies, in order to enhance our clients competitive advantage. As we continue to expand, we will remain focused on attracting engineers with next-generation technologies skill-sets, specifically cloud, predictive analytics and causality analysis, and AI, as well as continue to train and update our existing workforce through classroom, on-the-job, and online training programs in key next-generation technologies including Adobe, Appian, ServiceNow and Microsoft Azure. 
 
 Strengthen Onshore and Nearshore Delivery with Diversification in Regions 
 
 In order to drive digital transformation initiatives for our clients, we believe that we need to be near the regions in which our clients are located and in similar time zones. Our onshore and nearshore agile methodology not only facilitates efficient and reliable client communication and collaboration, but also facilitates our engineers being onsite quickly when required. We have established a strong base for our onshore and nearshore delivery model across Mexico, and we also have offices in Argentina, Brazil and the United States in order to source diverse talent and be responsive to clients in our core markets. We have strategically located our onshore and nearshore delivery centers in areas that are desirable for employees to live, have ample access to innovative technical and industry-experienced talent pools, and have lower IT recruiting competition. One of the positive outcomes of the COVID-19 pandemic has been that we have further proven our leading agile delivery capabilities via distributed teams working remotely. This outcome has broadened our capacity to attract and recruit talent located in cities different from where our delivery centers are currently located. As we continue to grow our relationships, we will keep looking for the best talent to expand our footprint in other cities in Mexico as well as other countries. 
 
 Attract, Train, Retain and Utilize Highly Skilled Employees 
 
 We believe attracting, training, retaining and utilizing highly skilled employees with capabilities in next-generation technologies is key to our success. Historically, we have relied primarily on hiring experienced employees to meet our demand for talent. Today, we are focused on growing our workforce through university recruiting. University recruiting helps us diversify our talent base, build-out our delivery capabilities and lower our overall delivery costs. Our strategy is to grow our university recruiting program in Mexico, which is one of the top countries in the world in terms of the number of engineering, math and science graduates along with opening offices in other countries in Latin America with similar time zones in order to attract local graduates. 
 
 Selectively Pursue Tuck-in Acquisitions 
 
 We have historically pursued acquisitions that expanded our services capabilities, vertical expertise and onshore and nearshore footprint. For example, our acquisition of AgileThought in July 2019 expanded our client base and delivery capabilities in the United States and significantly enhanced our consulting, agile coaching, design and agile software development capabilities. We have a track record of successfully identifying and seamlessly integrating acquired companies into our core business. We plan to selectively pursue tuck-in transactions in the future that will help us augment our capabilities, establish new and deeper client relationships, and expand our cross-selling opportunities. 
 
 Our Strengths 
 
 We believe the following strengths differentiate us in the marketplace: 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Agile-First Capabilities 
 
 We embody an agile-first culture that drives us to provide a range of IT services and business solutions to our clients. By leveraging our AgileThought Scaled Framework and our deep industry expertise, we rapidly and predictably deliver enterprise-level software solutions at scale. We coach our clients, including senior leadership, on the critical role they need to play to enable the successful adoption of agile development practices. Our services span across the entire application lifecycle. We help our clients innovate, build, run and continually improve new technology solutions at scale. 
 
 Domain Expertise in Attractive, High Growth, Large Addressable Markets 
 
 We have expertise in industry verticals with large and growing addressable markets for our services. Currently, we have strong expertise in healthcare, professional services, financial services, consumer packaged goods and retail, and industrial services. We focus on verticals where we can leverage our industry knowledge with next-generation technologies to build new technology applications and drive the digital transformation of clients technology infrastructure. Many of our executives have direct industry operating experience that allows them to understand the business context and the technology pain points that enterprises encounter. 
 
 Customized, Client-Centric Approach 
 
 We believe our client-centric approach is a key competitive advantage. We invest in understanding the specific needs and requirements of our clients and tailor our services for them. We believe our customized, hands-on approach allows us to demonstrate our differentiated capabilities and build trust and confidence with new clients and strengthen relationships with current ones, enabling a trusted client advisor relationship status. 
 
 Enterprise-Class Expertise in Next-Generation IT Services 
 
 Our deep expertise in next-generation technologies facilitates our ability to provide enterprise-class capabilities in key areas of digital transformation. Our expertise extends to technologies in omni-channel commerce and content management, data management, business intelligence (BI), machine learning (ML), and artificial intelligence (AI). We have built strategic relationships with key vendors in next-generation technologies. We invest in employee training in the latest technologies that are deployed broadly throughout enterprises. 
 
 Expertise in Leveraging Existing Technology Systems to Enable Digital Transformation 
 
 Digital transformation is a holistic process orchestrating the intersection of next-generation technology, human capital, and a firm s existing technology investments while unlocking the data siloed therein. By constructing digital platforms that are enriched by existing investments, we are able to rapidly overlay new domain models enabling our client s workforce to focus on high value work and pivot to new business models not afforded by legacy systems. Tactically, we believe this allows accelerated time to market and encourages a feedback loop informing long term investments. As an organization s digital strategy evolves, and when justified by business drivers, the legacy applications can be modernized to compete in the new digital ecosystem. 
 
 When constructing digital platforms for our clients, we incorporate technologies including telemetry capture, API management, and application insights with legacy technology systems. Telemetry capture allows the platform to understand how it is being utilized by end users and what their experience is. API management allows us to understand application consumption across business units and lines of service. Application insights support platform scaling and predictive consumption models. These cross functional capabilities extend to all components of the digital platform and allow informed business decisions on when and if legacy systems should be modernized and where our client s future investments will yield the highest return. 
 
 By taking a human-first approach to digital transformation, we help our clients maximize existing investments while building an informed strategic future on next-generation technologies. 
 
 Values and Culture 
 
 Our employees are our greatest asset. We have built a culture of empowerment that allows employees to be entrepreneurial and nimble. This culture, combined with strong and pragmatic management oversight and processes, institutional goals and defined key performance metrics, form the basis of our value system. We believe our culture and value system are paramount to best serving our clients. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The culture we have built allows us to rapidly absorb organizations we acquire by identifying and integrating the best of their processes and empowering their people to grow within our larger organization. We believe our strong culture and overarching values system have led to our successful track record of acquisitions. The ability to assimilate ideas and retain people differentiates us as a potential acquirer for entrepreneurs and employees seeking a larger platform to grow their businesses. 
 
 Our Services 
 
 We offer client-centric, onshore and nearshore end-to-end digital transformation services that help our clients aim higher through their digital ambitions by innovating with them and building solutions and applications. Our services are delivered through our three dimensions of transformation Discover, Design, and Deliver: 

Discover 
 
 We begin by partnering with your stakeholders and engineering leadership to carefully analyze our client s data to better understand their goals and challenges. We believe our specialized understanding of complex software engineering problems enables us to share agile approaches to closing the gaps and driving results. 

Design 
 
 We believe that building solutions begins with empathy and design thinking. We seek to understand a client s end customer goals and quickly design digital solutions that will deliver on the key outcomes using data and data science aimed to improve business in weeks, not months. 
 
 Deliver 
 
 We seek to deploy our Agile Thinkers in clients preferred time zones because we believe solving critical business challenges that accelerate client value needs to happen in real time. Our over 2,500 Agile Thinkers are on a mission to deliver enterprise software projects in timeframes that surprise and delight. 
 
 Our Guild Model 
 
 Technology continues to advance at a faster pace than it ever has before. Driving these changes are consistent innovations in software engineering and methodologies. At AgileThought, we are passionate about our craft and seek to foster continuous growth and technical understanding in all our employees. 
 
 To help create the environment necessary for continuous improvement and learning, we have developed a unique guild model. Our guild model offers our consultants a clear path to further career growth paired with the mentorship, with a goal to deliver successfully in client engagement. 
 
 Going beyond the Center of Excellence model, our guilds are grouped around areas which align our technical staff on core competencies and skills, backed by skilled practitioners and surrounded by a network of friends fluent in each technical area to whom they can seek input and further their understanding. 
 
 Agility Guild 
 
 The Agility Guild s goal is to inspire and advise the enterprise to new heights of thinking, behaving, and decision making. We aim to transform organizations and digital products by consulting, coaching, and training using innovative approaches like Agile, DevOps, Design Thinking, and Project Management. 
 
 Design Product Guild 
 
 The Design Product Guild s goal is to help our clients create great customer experiences. We aim to ensure that our clients product strategy aligns with their company vision. 
 
 Data AI Guild 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The Data AI Guild s goal is to help clients digitally reimagine Intelligent Businesses, using an AI-first, human-centric, and platform-driven approach. Our AI-Drive Digital Transformation program spans real and synthetic data, digital surrogates, and field implementation. 
 
 Enterprise Solution Guild 
 
 The Enterprise Solutions Guild focuses on providing the best-added value to our customers through excellence in the timely delivery of business apps and related services, by striving to incorporate the best industry practices, under a culture of innovation, practical solutions, and optimizing Time-to-Value. 
 
 Front-End Engineering Guild 
 
 The Front-End Engineering Guild strives to help our clients digitally convert their design concepts and ideas into reality by creating a human interface that users will find user-friendly and enjoy using. 
 
 Backend Engineering Guild 
 
 With technology innovation in mind, the Backend Engineering Guild seeks to help organizations digitally transform by creating exceptional backend platforms and leveraging cloud technology. 
 
 Cloud Security Guild 
 
 The Cloud-Ops Security Guild focuses on the cloud, elastic capabilities, and new technologies that increase the availability of our clients' solutions. Helping our clients safely design, migrate, assess, secure, optimize and manage their cloud assets is this guild s core mission. 
 
 Quality Guild 
 
 The Quality Guild focuses on developing and implementing testing best practices within our software development lifecycle which will allow us the ability to produce high-quality processes and products in which we serve our customers. 
 
 Our Industry Model 
 
 In addition to our Guild Model, we focus our market units around their industry expertise. 
 
 Banking and Financial Services Industry 
 
 Our extensive history in the banking and financial services industry is part of the foundation of our company. We work with several of the biggest banks in the world and help them with their digital transformation, from online and mobile banking, investment platforms, digital wallets, payment processing, and a suite of other services. 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 It is critical to have a sense of trust in your partners within the healthcare industry the wrong mistake can have real impacts on the lives of real people. That s why we take pride in our partnerships with some of the largest names in the healthcare industry. They rely on us to have a strong understanding of industry laws regulations and how we take that into account when creating digital solutions around telemedicine, remote monitoring, electronic health records (EHRs), and patient engagement tools. 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 The professional services world of audit, advisory, and tax services is a very specialized place, and knowledge of the unique and evolving regulations of global jurisdictions is a must for any partner in the space. We help the professional services world to streamline audit processes and improve accuracy, leveraging machine learning and other advanced technologies to analyze vast amounts of financial data and identify patterns and trends that can help clients optimize their financial performance. 
 
 Media Entertainment 
 6 

Table of Contents 

People are invested in their movies, shows, music, and games now more than ever, and they set a high bar in the quality of the experience that they expect. We help companies in the Media Entertainment space to create those experiences, from streaming, big data and machine learning algorithms, managed services, product design, and more. 
 
 Retail and Manufacturing 
 
 Supply chain management, pricing strategies, seasonal fluctuations, physical storefronts these are all complex aspects of retail and manufacturing that we believe all benefit from our experience in doing digital transformations in this industry. AgileThought works with some of the world s top retail brands to elevate customer experiences, build stronger data practices, and increase operational resiliency across value chains. 
 
 Our Delivery Model 
 
 We use a combination of onshore and nearshore delivery to provide digital transformation services to our clients. We believe our onshore and nearshore model also allows us to quickly travel to our clients locations when required. In addition, our ability to collaborate remotely in similar time zones was designed to propel our productivity and further enhances our agile delivery. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 5 delivery centers across United States, Mexico and South America. In addition, we have delivery employees at client locations in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and United States. 
 
 Quality and Process Management 
 
 We deploy industry standard quality and process management methodologies to guarantee our delivery process for our clients. We are ISO CMMI N3-certified, to help ensure secure and timely delivery of our digital product development services. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Our sales and marketing strategy is focused on a client-centric operating model that seeks to drive revenue growth from new client acquisitions and expanding relationships with existing clients. Our approach to marketing is based on Account-Based Marketing, or ABM, which provides us with a targeted demand generation approach for our marketing campaigns. Through ABM we focus on key accounts and our ideal customer profile, creating targeted content and campaigns. 
 
 Our sales and marketing organization is primarily located in Mexico City and throughout the United States. Our team of marketing professionals actively promotes our thought leadership, brand and capabilities through a variety of digital channels which includes our website, blogs, digital events such as podcasts and webinars, various social media platforms, participation in technology conferences through speaking engagements and sponsorships, and technology industry research briefings with industry analysts. 
 
 Our Customers 
 
 We focus on enterprise clients based in the United States and Latin America. Our clients operate across a broad range of industries, including the healthcare, professional services, financial services, consumer packaged goods, retail, and industrial services industries. As of December 31, 2022, we had 137 active clients across the United States and Latin America, defined as clients from whom we generated revenue over the prior 12 months. 
 
 Our largest client in 2022 accounted for 14.9 of total revenue. Our second and third largest clients in 2022 accounted for 9.2 and 7.4 revenue in 2022, respectively. Our largest client in 2021 accounted for 13.0 of total revenue. Our second and third largest clients in 2021 accounted for 9.6 and 9.5 of our total revenue, respectively. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We are a strong provider of digital transformation services in North America. We believe we are well positioned to compete effectively due to our ability to combine our agile-first approach with expertise in next-generation technologies and our clients existing technology investments and our onshore and nearshore delivery capabilities. 
 
 Our competitors include: 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Next-generation IT services providers such as Endava Plc, EPAM Systems, Inc., Grid Dynamics and Globant S.A.; 
 Large global consulting and traditional global IT services companies such as Accenture plc, Capgemini SE, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation, and IBM; and, 
 In-house IT and product development departments of our existing and potential clients. 
 
 Human Capital and Employees 
 
 We strive to foster a culture of empowerment that allows employees to be entrepreneurial and nimble. We provide services from onshore and nearshore delivery locations to facilitate increased interaction, responsiveness and close-proximity collaboration, which are necessary to deliver agile services. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of 1,692 delivery and consulting employees in Mexico, representing 78.9 of our total of 2,144 delivery and consulting employees. Our onshore delivery centers in the United States employed 181 delivery and consulting employees as of December 31, 2022, and our nearshore delivery centers in Brazil and Argentina employed 240 delivery and consulting employees as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 we had 2,504 employees. 
 
 Attract 
 
 We recognize that our ability to grow our business is dependent on our ability to attract and retain talent and industry-experienced professionals. We have primarily relied on hiring employees with prior relevant experience. We also hire from university campuses. We have leveraged our management team s extensive knowledge of Mexico in strategically placing our delivery operations in locations such as Merida and Colima that have high concentrations of universities with engineering graduates, attractive cost structure, desirable living attributes and low employee turnover. 
 
 Train and Retain 
 
 We invest in training our employees and offer regular technical and language training as well as other professional advancement programs. Our training includes programs dedicated to enhance our employees abilities and includes language proficiency courses, an Analytics-focused three-week academy and a two-week condensed Agile Boot Camp program. Additionally, during 2020 we launched our AT University program, currently ongoing, which is a program that focuses on providing continuous training tools to our employees through online courses and in-house training in both technical and soft-skill topics. These programs not only help ensure our employees are well trained and knowledgeable, but also help enhance employee retention. 
 
 We believe our ability to attract and retain talent is further enhanced by our strategic placement of our onshore and nearshore delivery centers in areas that are desirable for employees to live, have ample access to innovative technical and industry-experienced talent pools, and have reduced IT recruiting competition. Additionally, the work-from-home, or WFH, modality that was implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic has created two benefits for our ability to attract and retain talent. First, the ability of our distributed teams to effectively WFH for our clients has led us to search for and hire talented professionals outside the cities where we have our delivery centers, providing greater employment opportunities with us to individuals that would otherwise have had to relocate and reducing potential effects on our business from region-related attrition. Second, WFH has also reduced commuting and increased family and personal time for many individuals, which management believes has resulted in higher employee satisfaction which we anticipate translating into higher retention rates. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and enforce our intellectual property is important to our success. We rely on intellectual property laws in the U.S. and certain other jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions, to protect our intellectual property. We own or have applied for registration of various trademarks, service marks and trade names that we believe are important to our business. 
 
 Despite our efforts to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and enforce our trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property rights, our trademarks, service marks or other intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, declared generic, circumvented, infringed or otherwise violated. Opposition or cancellation proceedings have in the past and may in the future be filed against our trademark or service mark applications and registrations, and our trademarks and service marks may not survive such proceedings. Additionally, although we take reasonable steps to safeguard our trade 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 secrets, trade secrets can be difficult to protect, and others may independently discover our trade secrets and other confidential information. We seek to protect our trade secrets and proprietary information, in part, by executing confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, contractors and other third parties. The confidentiality agreements we enter into are designed to protect our trade secrets and proprietary information, and the agreements or clauses requiring assignment of inventions to us are designed to grant us ownership of all intellectual property and technology that the applicable counterparties develop in connection with their work for us. We cannot guarantee, however, that we have executed such agreements with all applicable counterparties, such agreements will not be breached or that these agreements will afford us adequate protection of our intellectual property, trade secrets and proprietary rights. From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others, and we may also be required from time to time to defend against third-party claims of infringement, misappropriation, other violation or invalidity. 
 
 Regulations 
 
 Due to the industry and geographic diversity of our operations and services, our operations are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States, Mexico, Costa Rica, Brazil and Argentina. See Item 1A, Risk Factors We are subject to stringent and changing regulatory, legislative and industry standard developments regarding privacy and data security matters, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd. Suite 1650E, Irving, Texas 75039, and our telephone number is (971) 501-1440. Our corporate website address is www.agilethought.com . 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and, accordingly, file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 
 We maintain a website at www.agilethought.com , to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the SEC will be available free of charge through the website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information on or that can be accessed through our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into any other filings we make with the SEC. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 We are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results, cash flows and financial condition and the trading price of our Class A Common Stock common stock ). You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes and in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 
 We do not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities to service our substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and related obligations and do not currently have sufficient available cash flows to service upcoming payment commitments. In addition, we may not have sufficient cash flows or assets to repay such debt and related obligations in full when due. Our total indebtedness and related obligations as of February 28, 2023 was 99.2 million, including (1) 63.5 million under our financing agreement (the Blue Torch Credit Facility by and among the Company, AN Global LLC, certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders (the Blue Torch Lenders ), and Blue Torch Finance LLC Blue Torch ), as the administrative agent and collateral agent, and (2) 19.4 million under our credit agreement (the Second Lien Facility ), by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, financial institutions affiliated with Credit Suisse and Nexxus Capital, Manuel Senderos and Kevin Johnston, as lenders (the Second Lien Lenders ), GLAS USA LLC, as administrative agent, and GLAS Americas LLC, as collateral agent, but not including an additional paid in kind fee of 0.5 million added to the Blue Torch Credit Facility as of March 9, 2023. 
 
 We have agreed to pay approximately 34.0 million of our total indebtedness and related obligations in 2023, including principal payments of 15.0 million by April 15, 2023, 20.0 million by June 15, 2023 (inclusive of the 15.0 million by April 15, 2023 if not paid by then) and 25.0 million by September 15, 2023 (inclusive of the 20.0 million by June 15, 2023 if not paid by then) to the Blue Torch Lenders. Our failure to repay any of these amounts will be an event of default under the Blue Torch Credit Facility. However, any such event of default related to the April 15, 2023, June 15, 2023, or September 15, 2023 payments will not result in Blue Torch s ability to accelerate any indebtedness under the Blue Torch Credit Facility but will result in us owing Blue Torch additional paid in kind fees in the amounts of 4.0 million, 2.0 million and 3.0 million, respectively, which will be added to the outstanding principal amount of the loan. If the Company meets these payments timely, no fees will be incurred. We are also required to make quarterly payments to the Blue Torch Lenders of approximately 0.7 million starting December 31, 2023 and a payment default related to those quarterly payments would allow Blue Torch to accelerate all indebtedness under the Blue Torch Credit Facility. 
 
 As described in the following risk factor, we also have certain other payment obligations, including for subordinated indebtedness, that we may not pay unless we comply with covenants in the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility. Our failure to pay these other obligations would be a default under the terms of those obligations and, in limited circumstances, a cross-default that would allow Blue Torch and the Second Lien Lenders to accelerate any and all indebtedness owed to them. 
 
 We have also entered into arrangements with certain suppliers and vendors, or are negotiating such arrangements, under which we paid or will agree to pay such counterparties on a deferred basis in order to manage our cash flows. Some of these agreements are related to material contracts under the terms of the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility and are agreements that we rely on to operate our business. If we are unable to negotiate such deferred payments, our counterparties could terminate these contracts. We may not be able to replace these contracts on terms that are acceptable to us or at all and would remain liable for the defaulted payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We do not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities and need to raise additional capital to service our debt and other obligations. Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness and other obligations depends on our ability to 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 raise additional capital and on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, which in turn are all subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We may not be able to raise such additional capital and maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness and to pay our other obligations. 
 
 In addition, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness when payment is due, the lenders could proceed against any collateral granted to them to secure such indebtedness or force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In any of these circumstances, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be materially adversely affected. 
 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis - Liquidity and Capital Resources , for further information about our existing indebtedness and related obligations. 
 
 Provisions of our senior credit agreements restrict our ability to pay certain of our other obligations, including subordinated indebtedness, and our inability to pay or modify the payment terms of such obligations would result in events of default, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility restrict our ability to pay certain of our other obligations, including 3.5 million in deferred fees (the Monroe Deferred Fees due to the lenders under our prior first lien credit facility on May 25, 2023, 1.6 million due to Exitus Capital, S.A.P.I. de C.V., SOFOM, E.N.R. Exitus Capital) on July 27, 2023 and 0.9 million due to AGS Group LLC AGS Group on March 31, 2023 unless we satisfy certain conditions, including that no event of default has occurred and is continuing. We may not repay the Monroe Deferred Fees or AGS Group unless our leverage ratio is 3.00 to 1.00 or less or 2.50 to 1.00 or less, respectively, and we are in compliance with all financial covenants. We may not repay Exitus Capital unless we have repaid Blue Torch an aggregate principal 15.0 million and 20.0 million by April 15, 2023 and June 15, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Our failure to pay any of these amounts would be a payment default under the terms of those agreements, which would allow Exitus Capital to accelerate the amount due under its loan or allow Monroe to seek to enforce our obligation to repay the Monroe Deferred Fees. In addition, our failure to pay the indebtedness due to Exitus Capital will be a cross-default under both the Blue Torch Credit Facility and Second Lien Facility, but would not allow either of the Blue Torch or Second Lien Lenders to accelerate indebtedness due under their respective loans unless Exitus Capital accelerates the amounts due to it. 
 
 To avoid these defaults, we need to raise additional capital and reduce our leverage ratio to service these obligations. We do not believe we will be able to reduce our leverage ratio in order to pay the indebtedness due to AGS Group on March 31, 2023 or the Monroe Deferred Fees due on May 25, 2023 and therefore need to revise the terms of these obligations. Any such revisions may be subject to the prior consent of Blue Torch and the Second Lien Lenders. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to timely revise these obligations on commercially acceptable terms or at all or that Blue Torch and the Second Lien Lenders will consent to such revisions. Our failure to revise these obligations or receive such consents would result in events of default that, if not cured or waived, would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We need additional capital, and failure to raise additional capital on terms favorable to us, or at all, would limit our ability to meet our debt and other obligations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In order to meet our obligations, we must raise additional capital and may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as refinancing or restructuring indebtedness or selling material assets or operations. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or that we will be successful in one or more of these other options. 
 
 If we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock. If we raise additional capital through equity, our existing stockholders will experience dilution and such dilution could be substantial. If we need to refinance all or part of our indebtedness at or before maturity, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain new financing or to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The refinancing of our existing indebtedness or incurrence of additional indebtedness could result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 operating and financing covenants that would further restrict our operations, and the instruments governing such indebtedness could contain provisions that are as or more restrictive than our existing debt instruments. 
 
 We may also require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including our growth initiatives and any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue, or to refinance our existing indebtedness. 
 
 Our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including conditions in the capital markets in which we may seek to raise funds, our results of operations and financial condition, the terms of our credit facilities, investors perception of, and demand for, securities of IT services companies and general economic and political conditions. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we are not able to meet our commitments for any reason, our creditors could seek to enforce remedies against us, including actions to put us into bankruptcy proceedings or receivership, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness has affected our ability to obtain financing or refinance our existing indebtedness, reduces available cash flow for operations and limits our ability to complete certain transactions necessary for growth of our business. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness has affected our ability to obtain financing or refinance existing indebtedness and requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to interest and principal payments on indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, growth initiatives and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 In addition, the Blue Torch Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of our assets and will require us, and any debt instruments we may enter into in the future may require us, to comply with various covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: 
 
 dispose of assets; 
 complete mergers or acquisitions; 
 incur or guarantee indebtedness; 
 sell or encumber certain assets; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions to holders of our shares; 
 make specified investments; 
 engage in different lines of business; and 
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates. 
 
 These limitations limit our ability to complete certain transactions necessary for the growth of our business and also increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic, industry or competitive developments or conditions and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its businesses and the industries in which we operate or in pursuing our strategic objectives 
 
 Our cost reduction initiatives may not deliver the expected results and could disrupt our business. 
 
 We have implemented cost reduction initiatives for the purpose of reducing selling, general and administrative expenses, streamlining our operations and increasing cash flows from operations. Such reductions may include reducing non-revenue generating headcount, consolidating certain operations and reducing other expenditures. We plan to continue to manage costs to better and more efficiently manage our business. 
 
 Such initiatives may not be successful and could adversely impact our business in other ways, including delaying the completion of certain business processes, impacting our ability to react swiftly to changes in our industry or affecting employee retention or morale. If we do not fully realize or maintain the anticipated benefits of cost reduction initiatives or if such benefits are offset by additional costs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected, and additional cost reduction initiatives or restructuring actions may be necessary. 
 
 We have not complied, and may not in the future, be able to comply with the financial covenants in our credit agreements, which have resulted, and may result, in events of default. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Under the terms of the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility, we are required to comply with total leverage ratio, liquidity, accounts payable and other covenants, including providing financial information to our lenders at specified times. Our ability to meet these ratios and covenants can be affected by events beyond our control. We have not always met these ratios and covenants in the past and have had to obtain waivers and consents from the lenders and amend our credit agreements to adjust the ratios and covenants so that we could remain in compliance. 
 
 For example, we have had to enter into amendments to our prior first lien credit facility, the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility on multiple occasions to reset the total leverage ratio, the fixed charge coverage ratio and the liquidity, accounts payable and other covenants in such agreements. See Management s Discussion and Analysis - Liquidity and Capital Resources , for further information. 
 
 We may not meet these ratios and covenants in the future. A failure by us to comply with the ratios or covenants contained in our credit agreements could result in an event of default, which could adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our business and manage our operations. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the terms of our credit agreements, including the occurrence of a material adverse change, the lenders could elect to declare any amounts outstanding to be due and payable and exercise other remedies. 
 
 We have not had, and may not have, sufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand and available borrowings under current or new credit arrangements to satisfy earnout obligations in connection with prior acquisitions. 
 
 In connection with prior acquisitions, we are required to make earnout payments to the sellers if certain metrics relating to the acquired businesses have been achieved. As of December 31, 2022, we had accrued 10.2 million in earnout payments as liabilities that we owe in connection with prior acquisitions. The earnout obligation is related to two prior acquisitions of AN Extend and AgileThought LLC with a total liability of 2.4 million and 7.8 million, respectively. The AN Extend and AgileThought LLC obligation accrues interest at a rate of 11 and 12 respectively. In order for us to make those earnout payments, in addition to having sufficient cash resources to make the payments themselves, we must be in pro forma compliance after giving effect to the earnout payments with liquidity and other financial and other covenants included in the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility. We have not been able to satisfy those covenants to date in connection with the accrued earnout payments. If we are unable to satisfy those covenants, and the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility remain outstanding, or if we otherwise have insufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand or access to borrowed funds, we will be unable to make the accrued earnout payments. As long as such accrued earnout payments remain outstanding, they will continue to accrue interest that is added to the principal amount of the earnout payment, further increasing our payment obligations to third parties . 
 
 On November 15, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to change the terms of the AN Extend purchase price obligation note payable. The amendment converted the note from Mexican pesos to U.S. dollars with additional principal added, changed the applicable interest to 11 annually, and set a maturity date of November 15, 2023. If the note is not paid in full by the maturity date, the total amount of principal and the interest will be converted within the following 30 calendar days into shares of our common stock, based on the Volume Weighted Moving Average Price of our common stock on Nasdaq. 
 
 There can be no assurance that in the event we are unable to make any such earnout payments, the sellers will not seek legal action against us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We may not have, sufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand and available borrowings under current or new credit arrangements to finance required capital expenditures and other costs under new contracts. 
 
 Our business generally requires significant upfront working capital and/or capital expenditures for software customization and implementation, systems and equipment installation and telecommunications configuration. In connection with the signing or renewal of a service contract, a customer may seek to obtain new equipment or impose new service requirements, which may require additional capital expenditures or other costs in order to enter into or retain the contract. Historically, we have funded these upfront costs through cash flows generated from operations, available cash on hand and borrowings under our credit agreements. 
 
 In addition, since we currently utilize third-party consultants to deliver a large portion of our services, we may incur upfront costs (which may be significant) prior to receipt of any revenue under such arrangements. Our ability to generate 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 revenue and to continue to procure new contracts will depend on, among other things, our then present liquidity levels or our ability to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 If we do not have adequate liquidity or are unable to obtain financing for these upfront costs on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to pursue certain contracts, which could result in the loss of business or restrict the ability to grow. Moreover, we may not realize the return on investment that we anticipate on new or renewed contracts due to a variety of factors, including lower than anticipated scope of or expansion in the services we provide to the applicable clients under the contracts, higher than anticipated capital or operating expenses and unanticipated regulatory developments or litigation. We may not have adequate liquidity to pursue other aspects of our strategy, including increasing our sales activities directed at the U.S. market or pursuing acquisitions. In the event we pursue significant acquisitions or other expansion opportunities, we may need to raise additional capital either through the public or private issuance of equity or debt securities, by entering into new credit facilities, which sources of funds may not necessarily be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 We have significant fixed costs related to lease facilities. 
 
 We have made and continue to make significant contractual commitments related to our leased facilities. Our operating and finance lease expense related to land and buildings for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.9 million, and for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.8 million, net of reimbursements. These expenses will have a significant impact on our fixed costs, and if we are unable to grow our business and revenue proportionately, our operating results may be negatively affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 We are dependent on our largest clients, and if we fail to maintain these relationships or successfully obtain new engagements, we may not achieve our revenue growth and other financial goals. 
 
 Historically, a significant percentage of our annual revenue has come from our existing client base. For example, during 2020 and 2019, 92.5 and 77.5 of our revenue came from clients from whom we also generated revenue during the prior fiscal year, respectively. On a pro forma basis, giving effect of the AgileThought LLC acquisition as if it had occurred since January 1, 2018, 93.5 and 97.1 of our revenue during 2020 and 2019 came from clients from whom we also generated revenue during the prior fiscal year respectively. However, the volume of work performed for a specific client is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally do not have long-term contractual commitments from our clients and are often not our clients exclusive IT services provider. A major client in one year may not provide the same level of revenue for us in any subsequent year. Further, one or more of our significant clients could be acquired, and there can be no assurance that the acquirer would choose to use our services to the same degree as previously, if at all. Our largest client for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 accounted for 14.9 and 13.0 of our revenue, respectively, and our ten largest clients for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 accounted for 61.4 and 65.1 of our revenue, respectively. 
 
 In addition, the services we provide to our clients, and the revenue and income from those services, may decline or vary as the type and quantity of services we provide changes over time. In addition, our reliance on any individual client for a significant portion of our revenue may give that client a certain degree of pricing leverage against us when re-negotiating contracts and terms of service. In order to successfully perform and market our services, we must establish and maintain multi-year, close relationships with our clients and develop a thorough understanding of their businesses. Our ability to maintain these close relationships is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. If we fail to maintain these relationships or successfully obtain new engagements from our existing clients, we may not achieve our revenue growth and other financial goals. 
 
 We generally do not have long-term contractual commitments from our clients, and our clients may terminate engagements before completion or choose not to enter into new engagements with us. 
 
 We generally do not have long-term contractual commitments with our clients. Our clients can terminate many of our master services agreements and work orders with or without cause, in some cases subject only to 30 days prior notice in the case of termination without cause. Although a substantial majority of our revenue is typically generated from existing clients, our engagements with our clients are typically for projects that are singular in nature. Large and complex projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Even if we successfully deliver on contracted services and maintain close relationships with our clients, a number of factors outside of our control could cause the loss of or reduction in business or revenue from our existing clients. These factors include, among other things: 
 the business or financial condition of that client or the economy generally; 
 a change in strategic priorities of that client, resulting in a reduced level of spending on IT services; 
 changes in the personnel at our clients who are responsible for procurement of IT services or with whom we primarily interact; 
 a demand for price reductions by that client; 
 mergers, acquisitions or significant corporate restructurings involving that client; and 
 a decision by that client to move work in-house or to one or more of our competitors. 
 
 The loss or diminution in business from any of our major clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The ability of our clients to terminate agreements exacerbates the uncertainty of our future revenue. We may not be able to replace any client that elects to terminate or not renew its contract with us. Further, terminations or delays in engagements may make it difficult to plan our project resource requirements. 
 
 We may not be able to recover or sustain our revenue growth rate consistent with the rate prior to COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, our revenue increased by 57.2 from 110.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2018 to 173.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2019. Our business was adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and we experienced a decline in our revenue from 173.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2019 to 164.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2020 to 158.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. We may not be able to recover our revenue growth consistent with the rate prior to the COVID-19 pandemic or at all. You should not consider our revenue growth in periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic as indicative of our future performance. As we seek to grow our business, our future revenue growth rate may be impacted by a number of factors, such as fluctuations in demand for our services, increasing competition, rising wages in the markets in which we operate, difficulties in integrating acquired companies, decreasing growth of our overall market, our inability to engage and retain a sufficient number of information technology, or IT, professionals or otherwise scale our business or our failure, for any reason, to capitalize on growth opportunities, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected 
 
 The COVID-19, pandemic impacted demand for our services and disrupted our operations and may continue to do so. 
 
 The COVID-19 outbreak is as a serious threat to the health and economic well-being of our customers, employees, and the overall economy. Since the beginning of the outbreak, many countries and states have taken dramatic action including, without limitation, ordering all non-essential workers to stay home, mandating the closure of schools and non-essential business premises and imposing isolation measures on large portions of the population. Measures taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic have had serious adverse impacts on domestic and foreign economies and the severity and the duration of these impacts are still being analyzed. The effectiveness of economic stabilization efforts continue to be uncertain and many economists have predicted extended local or global recessions. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on several of our customers during 2021, as several larger customers either postponed projects or developed or undertook internal technology initiatives instead of using our services to do so. This adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our opportunities for growth, whether through an increase in business or through acquisitions. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken in response to the pandemic in the global financial markets has also reduced our ability to access capital and could continue to negatively affect our liquidity position. This financial uncertainty may also negatively impact pricing for our services or cause our clients to again reduce or postpone their technology spending significantly and/or in the long-term, which may, in turn, lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenue, profitability and cash flows, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, to the extent the ongoing risks adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described in this Risk Factors section which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Remote working conditions could harm our business. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, we enabled substantially all of our employees to work remotely in compliance with relevant government advice and we have continued to allow for remote work generally throughout our operations. Allowing for remote or hybrid working conditions could negatively impact our marketing efforts, challenge our ability to enter into customer contracts in a timely manner, slow down our recruiting efforts, or create operational or other challenges, including decreased productivity or increased risk of cybersecurity incidents, any of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We must attract and retain highly skilled IT professionals. Failure to hire, train and retain IT professionals in sufficient numbers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In order to sustain our growth, we must attract and retain a large number of highly skilled and talented IT professionals. Our headcount increased from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021, with the increase was primarily attributable to actions rehiring efforts following the COVID-19 pandemic, and our headcount slightly decreased in 2022 as we reorganized our delivery model. We anticipate that we will need to continue to increase our headcount as we implement our growth strategy. Our business is driven by people and, accordingly, our success depends upon our ability to attract, train, motivate, retain and effectively utilize highly skilled IT professionals in our delivery locations, which currently are principally located in Mexico and the United States. We believe that there is significant competition for technology professionals in the geographic regions in which our offices are located and in locations in which we intend to establish future offices and that such competition is likely to continue for the foreseeable future. Additionally, given our delivery locations in the United States, we must attract and retain a growing number of IT professionals with English language proficiency, which could further limit the talent base from which we can hire. Increased hiring by technology companies and increasing worldwide competition for skilled IT professionals may lead to a shortage in the availability of suitable personnel in the locations where we operate and hire. Our ability to properly staff projects, maintain and renew existing engagements and win new business depends, in large part, on our ability to recruit, train and retain IT professionals. We are currently focused on growing our workforce through university recruiting; however, this strategy and any other strategies we employ to hire, train and retain our IT professionals may be inadequate or may fail to achieve our objectives. Failure to hire, train and retain IT professionals in sufficient numbers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Furthermore, the technology industry generally experiences a significant rate of turnover of its workforce. There is a limited pool of individuals who have the skills and training needed to help us grow our company. We compete for such talented individuals not only with other companies in our industry but also with companies in other industries, such as healthcare, financial services and technology generally. High attrition rates of IT personnel would increase our hiring and training costs, reduce our revenues and could have an adverse effect on our ability to complete existing contracts in a timely manner, meet client objectives and expand our business. 
 
 We may not be successful in building a university recruiting and hiring program, which could hamper our ability to scale our business and grow revenue. 
 
 As part of our growth strategy, we are focused on growing our workforce through university recruiting. In particular, we intend to focus our university recruitment efforts on Mexico. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to recruit and train a sufficient number of qualified university hires or that we will be successful in retaining these future employees. We may not be successful in building a reputable brand on college campuses or deepening and sustaining relationships with university administrations which could hinder our ability to grow our workforce through university hiring. Increased university hiring by technology companies, particularly in Latin America and the United States, and increasing worldwide competition for skilled technology professionals may lead to a shortage in the availability of qualified university personnel in the locations where we operate and hire. Failure to hire and train or retain qualified university graduates in sufficient numbers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Increases in our levels of attrition may increase our operating costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The technology industry generally experiences a significant rate of turnover of its workforce. In the past, we experienced even higher attrition rates. If our attrition rate were to increase, our operating efficiency and productivity may decrease. We compete for talented individuals not only with other companies in our industry but also with companies in other industries, such as software services, engineering services and financial services companies, among others. High attrition rates of IT personnel could have an adverse effect on our ability to expand our business, may cause us to incur 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 greater personnel expenses and training costs, and may otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our revenue is dependent on a limited number of industry verticals, and any decrease in demand for IT services in these verticals or our failure to effectively penetrate new verticals could adversely affect our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Historically, we have focused on developing industry expertise and deep client relationships in a limited number of industry verticals. As a result, a substantial portion of our revenue has been generated by clients operating in financial services, healthcare and professional services industries. Our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from clients in the financial services, healthcare and professional services industries, and any slowdown or reversal of the trend to spend on IT services in these verticals could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and materially adversely affect our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In the verticals in which we operate, there are numerous competitors that may be entrenched with potential clients we target and which may be difficult to dislodge. As a result of these and other factors, our efforts to expand our client base may be expensive and may not succeed, and we therefore may be unable to grow our revenue. If we fail to further penetrate our existing industry verticals or expand our client base into new verticals, we may be unable to grow our revenue and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be harmed. 
 
 Other developments in the verticals in which we operate may also lead to a decline in the demand for our services, and we may not be able to successfully anticipate and prepare for any such changes. For example, consolidation or acquisitions, particularly involving our clients, may adversely affect our business. Our clients and potential clients may experience rapid changes in their prospects, substantial price competition and pressure on their profitability. This, in turn, may result in increasing pressure on us from clients and potential clients to lower our prices, which could adversely affect our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our contracts could be unprofitable, and any failure by us to accurately estimate the resources required to complete a contract on time and on budget could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We perform our services primarily on a time-and-materials basis. Revenue from our time-and-materials contracts represented 70.8 and 82.3 , respectively, of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We charge out the services performed by our employees under these contracts at daily or hourly rates that are specified in the contract. The rates and other pricing terms negotiated with our clients are highly dependent on our internal forecasts of our operating costs and predictions of increases in those costs influenced by wage inflation and other marketplace factors, as well as the volume of work provided by the client. Our predictions are based on limited data and could turn out to be inaccurate, resulting in contracts that may not be profitable. Typically, we do not have the ability to increase the rates established at the outset of a client project other than on an annual basis and often subject to caps. Independent of our right to increase our rates on an annual basis, client expectations regarding the anticipated cost of a project may limit our practical ability to increase our rates for ongoing work. 
 
 In addition to time-and-materials contracts, we also perform our services under fixed-price and managed services contracts. Revenue from our fixed-price and managed services contracts represented 29.2 and 17.7 , respectively, of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our pricing in fixed-price and managed services contracts is highly dependent on our assumptions and forecasts about the costs we expect to incur to complete the related project, which are based on limited data and could turn out to be inaccurate. Any failure by us to accurately estimate the resources, including the skills and seniority of our employees, required to complete a fixed-price or managed services contract on time and on budget or meet a service level on a managed services contract, or any unexpected increase in the cost of our employees assigned to the related project, office space or materials could expose us to risks associated with cost overruns and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Customers may be unable or unwilling to recognize phases or partial delivery of our services, thereby delaying their recognition of our work, which would impact our cash collection cycles. Customers may also not be able or willing to recognize phases or partial delivery of our services, which may delay payment for work we delivery, and which could negatively impact our cash collection cycles. In addition, any unexpected changes in economic conditions that affect any of our assumptions and predictions could render contracts that would have been favorable to us when signed unfavorable. 
 
 Our operating results could suffer if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Our operating results are dependent, in part, on the rates we are able to charge for our services. Our rates are affected by a number of factors, including: 
 our clients perception of our ability to add value through our services; 
 our competitors pricing policies; 
 bid practices of clients and their use of third-party advisors; 
 the ability of large clients to exert pricing pressure; 
 employee wage levels and increases in compensation costs; 
 employee utilization levels; 
 our ability to charge premium prices when justified by market demand or the type of service; and 
 general economic conditions. 
 
 If we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, our operating results could suffer. 
 
 If we do not maintain adequate employee utilization rates and productivity levels, our operating results may suffer and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our operating results and the cost of providing our services are affected by the utilization rates of our employees. If we are not able to maintain appropriate utilization rates for our employees, our operating results may suffer. Our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including: 
 our ability to promptly transition our employees from completed projects to new assignments and to hire and integrate new employees; 
 our ability to forecast demand for our services and maintain an appropriate number of employees in each of our delivery locations; 
 our ability to deploy employees with appropriate skills and seniority to projects; 
 our ability to maintain continuity of existing resources on existing projects; 
 our ability to manage the attrition of our employees; and 
 our need to devote time and resources to training, including language training, professional development and other activities that cannot be billed to our clients. 
 
 Our revenue could also suffer if we misjudge demand patterns and do not recruit sufficient employees to satisfy demand. Employee shortages could prevent us from completing our contractual commitments in a timely manner and cause us to lose contracts or clients. Further, to the extent that we lack a sufficient number of employees with lower levels of seniority and daily or hourly rates, we may be required to deploy more senior employees with higher rates on projects without the ability to pass such higher rates along to our clients, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Additionally, our revenue could suffer if we experience a slowdown or stoppage of service for any clients or on any project for which we have dedicated employees and we are not be able to efficiently reallocate these employees to other clients to keep their utilization and productivity levels high. For example, we recently made investments to increase our sales team with the goal of driving positive revenue growth and stronger gross margins, but these anticipated benefits are dependent on many factors, including the demand for our services and the ability of these employees to achieve adequate utilization and productivity levels. If we are not able to maintain high resource utilization levels without corresponding cost reductions or price increases, our operating results will suffer and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 We are focused on growing our client base in the United States and may not be successful. 
 
 We are focused on geographic expansion, particularly in the United States. In 2022 and 2021, 63.5 and 65.2 of our revenue came from clients in the United States, respectively. 
 
 We have made significant investments to expand our business in the United States, including our acquisitions of 4 th Source in November 2018 and of AgileThought in July 2019, which increased our sales presence in the United States and added onshore and nearshore delivery capacity in Latin America and in the United States. However, our ability to acquire new clients will depend on a number of factors, including market perception of our services, our ability to successfully add nearshore capacity and pricing, competition and overall economic conditions. If we are unable to retain existing clients and attract new clients in the United States or if our expansion plans take longer to implement than expected or their costs exceed our expectations, we may be unable to grow our revenue and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We may be unable to effectively manage our growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management personnel, systems and resources. 
 
 We have experienced growth and significantly expanded our business over the past several years, both organically and through acquisitions. We intend to continue to grow our business in the foreseeable future and to pursue existing and potential market opportunities. We have also increased the size and complexity of the projects that we undertake for our clients and hope to continue being engaged for larger and more complex projects in the future. As we add new delivery sites, introduce new services or enter into new markets, we may face new market, technological and operational risks and challenges with which we are unfamiliar, and we may not be able to mitigate these risks and challenges to successfully grow those services or markets. We may not be able to achieve our anticipated growth or successfully execute large and complex projects, which could materially adversely affect our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our future growth depends on us successfully recruiting, hiring and training IT professionals, expanding our delivery capabilities, adding effective sales staff and management personnel, adding service offerings, maintaining and expanding our engagements with existing clients and winning new business. Effective management of these and other growth initiatives will require us to continue to improve our infrastructure, execution standards and ability to expand services. 
 
 If we cannot maintain our culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity and teamwork fostered by our culture, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 We believe that a critical contributor to our success has been our culture, which is the foundation that supports and facilitates our distinctive approach. As we grow and are required to add more employees and infrastructure to support our growth, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain our corporate culture. If we fail to maintain a culture that fosters career development, innovation, creativity and teamwork, we could experience difficulty in hiring and retaining IT professionals and other valuable employees. Failure to manage growth effectively could adversely affect the quality of the execution of our engagements, our ability to attract and retain IT professionals and other valuable employees, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, as we continue to integrate and acquire business as part of our growth strategy we risk preserving our culture, values and our entrepreneurial environment. Integrating acquisitions into our business can be particularly difficult due to different corporate cultures and values, geographic distance and other intangible factors. 
 
 Our management has limited experience in operating a public company. 
 
 Our executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws. Our management team may not successfully or effectively manage our transition to a public company. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which will result in less time being devoted to our management and growth. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required of public companies in the United States. It is possible that we will be required to expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company, which will increase our operating costs in future periods. 
 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will suffer if we are not successful in delivering contracted services. 
 
 Our operating results are dependent on our ability to successfully deliver contracted services in a timely manner. We must consistently build, deliver and support challenging and complex projects and managed services. Failure to perform or observe any contractual obligations could damage our relationships with our clients and could result in cancellation or non-renewal of a contract. Some of the challenges we face in delivering contracted services to our clients include: 
 
 maintaining high-quality control and process execution standards; 
 maintaining planned resource utilization rates on a consistent basis; 
 maintaining employee productivity and implementing necessary process improvements; 
 controlling costs; 
 maintaining close client contact and high levels of client satisfaction; 
 maintaining physical and data security standards required by our clients; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 recruiting and retaining sufficient numbers of skilled IT professionals; and 
 maintaining effective client relationships. 
 
 If we are unable to deliver contracted services, our relationships with our clients will suffer and we may be unable to obtain new engagements. In addition, it could damage our reputation, cause us to lose business, impact our operating margins and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as subject us to breach of contract claims. 
 
 If we do not successfully manage and develop our relationships with key partners or if we fail to anticipate and establish new partnerships in new technologies, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have partnerships with companies whose capabilities complement our own. A significant portion of our revenue and services and solutions are based on technology or software provided by a few major partners. 
 
 The business that we conduct through these partnerships could decrease or fail to grow for a variety of reasons. The priorities and objectives of our partners may differ from ours, and our partners are not prohibited from competing with us or forming closer or preferred arrangements with our competitors. In addition, some of our partners are also large clients or suppliers of technology to us. The decisions we make vis- -vis a partner may impact our ongoing relationship. In addition, our partners could experience reduced demand for their technology or software, including, for example, in response to changes in technology, which could lessen related demand for our services and solutions. 
 
 We must anticipate and respond to continuous changes in technology and develop relationships with new providers of relevant technology. We must secure meaningful partnerships with these providers early in their life cycle so that we can develop the right number of certified people with skills in new technologies. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with current partners and identify new and emerging providers of relevant technology to expand our network of partners, we may not be able to differentiate our services or compete effectively in the market. 
 
 If we do not obtain the expected benefits from our partnerships for any reason, we may be less competitive, our ability to offer attractive solutions to our clients may be negatively affected, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our sales of services and operating results may experience significant variability and our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 
 Our operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 
 Factors that are likely to cause these variations include: 
 the number, timing, scope and contractual terms of projects in which we are engaged; 
 delays in project commencement or staffing delays due to difficulty in assigning appropriately skilled or experienced professionals; 
 the accuracy of estimates on the resources, time and fees required to complete projects and costs incurred in the performance of each project; 
 inability to retain employees or maintain employee utilization levels; 
 changes in pricing in response to client demand and competitive pressures; 
 the business decisions of our clients regarding the use of our services or spending on technology; 
 the ability to further grow sales of services from existing clients and the ability to substitute revenue from engagements with governmental clients as we discontinue new engagements with governmental entities; 
 seasonal trends and the budget and work cycles of our clients; 
 delays or difficulties in expanding our operational facilities or infrastructure; 
 our ability to estimate costs under fixed price or managed services contracts; 
 employee wage levels and increases in compensation costs; 
 unanticipated contract or project terminations; 
 the timing of collection of accounts receivable; 
 our ability to manage risk through our contracts; 
 the continuing financial stability of our clients; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 changes in our effective tax rate or unanticipated tax assessments; 
 impacts of any acquisitions and our ability to successfully integrate any acquisitions; 
 the implementation of new laws or regulations and/or changes to current applicable laws or regulations or their interpretation or application; 
 uncertainly and disruption to the global markets including due to public health pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and 
 general economic conditions. 
 
 As a result of these factors, our operating results may from time to time fall below our estimates or the expectations of public market analysts and investors. 
 
 Potential future acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and strain our resources, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In the future, we plan to acquire additional businesses that we believe could complement or expand our business. Integrating the operations of acquired businesses successfully or otherwise realizing any of the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, including anticipated cost savings and additional revenue opportunities, involves a number of potential challenges. In addition, we have previously and may in the future use earn-out arrangements in connection with acquisitions. Using earn-out arrangements to consummate an acquisition, pursuant to which we agree to pay additional amounts of contingent consideration based on the achievement of a predetermined metric, has at times and may continue to make our integration efforts more complicated. We have also previously and may in the future negotiate restructured earn-out arrangements following the closing of acquisitions, which causes a diversion of management attention from ongoing business concerns and may result in additional cost in connection with the applicable acquisitions. 
 
 The failure to meet the integration challenges stemming from our acquisitions could seriously harm our financial condition and results of operations. Realizing the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on the integration of operations and personnel. These integration activities are complex and time-consuming, and we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs, including: 
 
 our inability to achieve the operating synergies anticipated in the acquisitions; 
 diversion of management attention from ongoing business concerns to integration matters or earn-out calculations, restructurings or disputes; 
 challenges in consolidating and rationalizing IT platforms and administrative infrastructures; 
 complexities associated with managing the geographic separation of the combined businesses and consolidating multiple physical locations; 
 difficulties in retaining IT professionals and other key employees and achieving minimal unplanned attrition; 
 difficulties in integrating personnel from different corporate cultures while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality service; 
 our inability to exert control of acquired businesses that include earn-out payments or the risk that actions incentivized by earn-out payments will hinder integration efforts; 
 our inability to demonstrate to our clients and to clients of acquired businesses that the acquisition will not result in adverse changes in client service standards or business focus; 
 possible cash flow interruption or loss of revenue as a result of transitional matters; and 
 inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition costs. 
 
 Acquired businesses may have liabilities or adverse operating issues that we fail to discover through due diligence prior to the acquisition. In particular, to the extent that prior owners of any acquired businesses or properties failed to comply with or otherwise violated applicable laws or regulations, or failed to fulfill their contractual obligations to clients, we, as the successor owner, may be financially responsible for these violations and failures and may suffer financial or reputational harm or otherwise be adversely affected. Our acquisition targets may not have as robust internal controls over financial reporting as would be expected of a public company. Acquisitions also frequently result in the recording of goodwill and other intangible assets which are subject to potential impairment in the future that could harm our financial results. We may take material impairment charges in the future related to acquisitions. We may also become subject to new regulations as a result of an acquisition, including if we acquire a business serving clients in a regulated industry or acquire a business with clients or operations in a country in which we do not already operate. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, if we finance acquisitions by incurring debt under credit facilities or issuing notes and are unable to realize the expected benefits of those acquisitions for any reason, we may be unable to repay, refinance or restructure that indebtedness when payment is due, and the lenders of that indebtedness could proceed against any collateral granted to secure such indebtedness or force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. If we finance acquisitions by issuing convertible debt or equity securities, our existing stockholders may also be diluted, which could affect the market price of our common stock. As a result, if we fail to properly evaluate acquisitions or investments, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of any such acquisitions, and we may incur costs in excess of what we anticipate. Acquisitions frequently involve benefits related to the integration of operations of the acquired business. The failure to successfully integrate the operations or otherwise to realize any of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition could seriously harm our results of operations. 
 
 Strategic acquisitions to complement and expand our business have been and may remain an important part of our competitive strategy. If we fail to acquire companies whose prospects, when combined with our company, would increase our value, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 We have expanded, and may continue to expand, our operations through strategically targeted acquisitions of additional businesses. On occasion, selective acquisitions have expanded our service capabilities, geographic presence, or client base. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify, acquire or profitably manage additional businesses or successfully integrate any acquired businesses without substantial expense, delays or other operational or financial risks and problems. In addition, any client satisfaction or performance problems within an acquired business could have a material adverse impact on our corporate reputation and brand. We cannot assure you that any acquired businesses will achieve anticipated revenues and earnings. Any failure to manage our acquisition strategy successfully could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We face intense competition. 
 
 The market for IT services is intensely competitive, highly fragmented and subject to rapid change and evolving industry standards and we expect competition to intensify. We believe that the principal competitive factors that we face are the ability to innovate; technical expertise and industry knowledge; end-to-end solution offerings; delivery location; price; reputation and track record for high-quality and on-time delivery of work; effective employee recruiting; training and retention; and responsiveness to clients business needs. 
 
 Our primary competitors include next-generation IT service providers, such as EPAM Systems, Inc., Endava Plc, Infosys Limited and Globant S.A., global consulting and traditional global IT service companies such as Accenture plc, Capgemini SE, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation and International Business Machines Corporation, or IBM; and in-house IT and development departments of our existing and potential clients. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources and greater name recognition than we do. As a result, they may be able to compete more aggressively on pricing or devote greater resources to the development and promotion of IT services. Companies based in some emerging markets also present significant price competition due to their competitive cost structures and tax advantages. 
 
 In addition, there are relatively few barriers to entry into our markets and we have faced, and expect to continue to face, competition from new market entrants. Further, there is a risk that our clients may elect to increase their internal resources to satisfy their IT service needs as opposed to relying on third-party service providers. The IT services industry may also undergo consolidation, which may result in increased competition in our target markets from larger firms that may have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources, may be able to respond more quickly to new technologies or processes and changes in client demands, and may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their services than we can. Increased competition could also result in price reductions, reduced operating margins and loss of our market share. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully with existing or new competitors or that competitive pressures will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We are dependent on members of our senior management team. 
 
 Our future success heavily depends upon the continued services of our senior management team. We currently do not maintain key person life insurance for any of the members of our senior management team. In addition, we do not have employment agreements with all of the members of our senior management team. Even those employees with whom we have employment agreements or other arrangements may terminate their employment with us with or without cause, often 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 with limited notice. If one or more of our senior executives are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, it could disrupt our business operations, and we may not be able to replace them easily, on a timely basis or at all. In addition, competition for senior executives in our industry is intense, and we may be unable to retain our senior executives or attract and retain new senior executives in the future, in which case our business may be severely disrupted, and our financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 If any of our senior management team joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose clients, suppliers, know-how and IT professionals and staff members to them. Also, if any of our sales executives or other sales personnel, who generally maintain close relationships with our clients, joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose clients to that company, and our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, there could be unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge, business practices or procedures by such personnel. Any non-competition, non-solicitation or non-disclosure agreements we have with our senior executives or key employees might not provide effective protection to us in light of legal uncertainties associated with the enforceability of such agreements. 
 
 Forecasts of our market size may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, there can be no assurance that our business will grow at similar rates, or at all. 
 
 Growth forecasts included in this annual report on Form 10-K relating to our market opportunity and the expected growth in the market for our services are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on both internal and third-party assumptions and estimates which may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets meet our size estimates and experience the forecasted growth, we may not grow our business at similar rates, or at all. Our growth is subject to many risks and uncertainties, including our success in implementing our business strategy. Accordingly, the forecasts of market growth included in this annual report on Form 10-K should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. 
 
 We operate in a rapidly evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not continue to be successful. 
 
 The IT services industry is competitive and continuously evolving, subject to rapidly changing demands and constant technological developments. As a result, success and performance metrics are difficult to predict and measure in our industry. Because services and technologies are rapidly evolving and each company within the industry can vary greatly in terms of the services it provides, its business model, and its results of operations, it can be difficult to predict how any company s services, including ours, will be received in the market. Neither our past financial performance nor the past financial performance of any other company in the IT services industry is indicative of how our company will fare financially in the future. Our future profits may vary substantially from those of other companies and those we have achieved in the past, making an investment in our company risky and speculative. If our clients demand for our services declines as a result of economic conditions, market factors or shifts in the technology industry, our business would suffer and our financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, a long selling and implementation cycle with respect to certain projects that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realizing revenue for our services. 
 
 We have experienced, and may in the future experience, a long selling cycle with respect to certain projects that require significant investment of human resources and time by both our clients and us. Before committing to use our services, potential clients may require us to allocate substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. Therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our clients decision to choose alternatives to our services (such as other IT service providers or in-house resources) and the timing of our clients budget cycles and approval processes. If our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more projects, it could affect the timing of our recognition of revenue and hinder or delay our revenue growth. For certain clients, we may begin work and incur costs prior to executing the contract. A delay in our ability to obtain a signed agreement or other persuasive evidence of an arrangement, or to complete certain contract requirements in a particular financial period, could reduce our revenue in that financial period or render us entirely unable to collect payment for work already performed. 
 
 Implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our clients and us. Our clients may experience delays in obtaining internal approvals or delays associated with technology, thereby further delaying the implementation process. Our current and future clients may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential clients to 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 which we have devoted significant time and resources. Any significant failure to generate revenue or delays in recognizing revenue after incurring costs related to our sales or services process could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If we provide inadequate service or cause disruptions in our clients businesses, it could result in significant costs to us, the loss of our clients and damage to our corporate reputation, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Any defects or errors or failure to meet clients expectations in the performance of our contracts could result in claims for substantial damages against us. In addition, certain liabilities, such as claims of third parties for intellectual property infringement and breaches of data protection and security requirements, for which we may be required to indemnify our clients, could be substantial. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us in amounts greater than those covered by our then-current insurance policies could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Even if such assertions against us are unsuccessful, we may incur reputational harm and substantial legal fees. In addition, a failure or inability to meet a contractual requirement, in addition to subjecting us to breach of contract claims, could seriously damage our corporate reputation and limit our ability to attract new business. 
 
 In certain contracts, we agree to complete a project by a scheduled date or maintain certain service levels. We may suffer reputational harm and loss of future business if we do not meet our contractual commitments. In addition, if the project experiences a performance problem, we may not be able to recover the additional costs we will incur to remediate the problem, which could exceed revenue realized from a project. Under our managed services contracts, we may be required to pay liquidated damages if we are unable to maintain agreed-upon service levels, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business depends on a strong brand and corporate reputation. Damage to our reputation could be difficult and time-consuming to repair, could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements resulting in a loss of business and could adversely affect our employee recruitment and retention efforts, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Since many of our specific client engagements involve highly tailored solutions, our corporate reputation is a significant factor in our clients and prospective clients determination of whether to engage us. We believe our brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and also contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented IT professionals. Successfully maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, our ability to provide reliable services that continue to meet the needs of our clients at competitive prices, our ability to maintain our clients trust, our ability to continue to develop new services, and our ability to successfully differentiate our services and capabilities from those of our competitors. Our brand promotion activities may not generate client awareness or yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may suffer. 
 
 Our corporate reputation is susceptible to damage by actions or statements made by current or former employees or clients, competitors, vendors and adversaries in legal proceedings, as well as members of the investment community and the media. In addition, if errors are discovered in our historical financial data, we could suffer reputational damage. There is a risk that negative information about our company, even if based on false rumor or misunderstanding, could adversely affect our business. In particular, damage to our reputation could be difficult and time-consuming to repair, could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our employee recruitment and retention efforts. Damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of our brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If we do not continue to innovate and remain at the forefront of next-generation technologies and related market trends, we may lose clients and not remain competitive, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our success depends on delivering innovative solutions that leverage emerging next-generation technologies and emerging market trends to drive increased revenue. Technological advances and innovation are constant in the IT services industry. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources to stay abreast of technology developments so that we may continue to deliver solutions that our clients will wish to purchase. If we are unable to anticipate technology 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 developments, enhance our existing services or develop and introduce new services to keep pace with such changes and meet changing client needs, we may lose clients and our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer. Our results of operations would also suffer if our employees are not responsive to the needs of our clients, not able to help clients in driving innovation and not able to help our clients in effectively bringing innovative ideas to market. Our competitors may be able to offer design and innovation services that are, or that are perceived to be, substantially similar or better than those we offer. This may force us to reduce our prices and to allocate significant resources in order to remain competitive, which we may be unable to do profitably or at all. Because many of our clients and potential clients regularly contract with other IT service providers, these competitive pressures may be more acute than in other industries. 
 
 Our ability to expand our business and procure new contracts or enter into beneficial business arrangements could be affected to the extent we enter into agreements with clients containing non-competition clauses. 
 
 We have in the past and may in the future enter into agreements with clients that restrict our ability to accept assignments from, or render similar services to, those clients customers, require us to obtain our clients prior written consent to provide services to their customers or restrict our ability to compete with our clients, or bid for or accept any assignment for which those clients are bidding or negotiating. These restrictions could hamper our ability to compete for and provide services to other clients in a specific industry in which we have expertise and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to collect on billed and unbilled receivables from clients, which may in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for work performed. We evaluate the financial condition of our clients and usually bill and collect on relatively short cycles. We maintain provisions against receivables. Actual losses on client balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate and, as a result, we may need to adjust our provisions. We may not accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients. Macroeconomic conditions, such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties for our clients, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause clients to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables balance. Timely collection of fees for client services also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect our contractual service fees. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we might experience delays in the collection of or be unable to collect our client balances, which would adversely affect our results of operations and our cash flows. In addition, if we experience an increase in the time required to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 We are from time to time involved in, or may in the future be subject to, claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes. 
 
 We are from time to time involved in, or may in the future be subject to, claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings arising from our business, including actions with respect to intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, information security, data protection or law enforcement matters, tax matters, labor and employment, and commercial claims, as well as actions involving our customers, shareholder derivative actions, purported class action lawsuits, and other matters. For example, a customer recently filed a claim against us alleging that we breached our agreement to provide the customer with a software product. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are inherently uncertain, and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, any such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, negative publicity and other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm, liability, penalties, or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, or requiring a change in our business practices, products or technologies, which could in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

As a public company we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weakness in such internal control. In connection with the audit of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. These material weaknesses identified related to the proper application of revenue recognition related to our Latin America business and proper accounting for complex financial instruments. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, management concluded that these material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting were remediated. For the material weakness related to proper accounting of complex financial instruments, management remediated the material weakness by completing training, enhancing accounting personnel s understanding of complex convertible debt instruments, and adding controls over the review of the accounting assessment for complex financial instruments, For the material weakness related to proper application of revenue recognition related to our Latin America business, management remediated the material weakness redesigning the respective control framework, including implementation of enhanced control procedures. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 we concluded that our previously identified material weaknesses were remediated, but we can provide no assurance that additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. Our failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements that could result in a restatement of our financial statements, cause covenant breaches under our debt and/or other agreements, cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations, reduce investor confidence in us, materially and adversely affect the value of our common stock, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could lead to financial statement restatements, cause covenant breaches under our debt and/or other agreements, cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations, reduce investor confidence in us, materially and adversely affect the value of our common stock, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We have and will continue to incur significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance efforts. 
 
 We have and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses as a result of being a public company. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ), and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), as well as related rules implemented by the SEC, have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. In addition, rules that the SEC is implementing or has implemented are expected to require additional changes. We expect that compliance with these and other similar laws, rules and regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, will continue to substantially increase our expenses, including legal and accounting costs, and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We also expect these laws, rules and regulations to make it more expensive for us to maintain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage, which may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as officers. Although the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act may, for a limited period of time, somewhat lessen the cost of complying with these additional regulatory and other requirements, we nonetheless expect a substantial increase in legal, accounting, insurance and certain other expenses in the future, which will negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by human-made problems such as terrorism. 
 
 A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, or a significant power outage could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For instance, we have key facilities 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 in Mexico City, which has been the site of numerous earthquakes. In the event we are hindered by any of the events discussed above, our ability to provide our services to clients could be delayed. 
 
 In addition, our facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, intentional bad acts, pandemics, war, terrorist attacks, power losses, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures and similar events. The occurrence of a natural disaster, power failure or an act of terrorism, vandalism or other misconduct could result in lengthy interruptions in provision of our services and failure to comply with our obligations to our clients. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could damage our systems and hardware or could cause them to fail completely, and our insurance may not cover such events or may be insufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business, that may result from interruptions in the provision of our services to clients as a result of system failures. 
 
 All of the aforementioned risks may be exacerbated if any of our various disaster recovery plans, which we maintain in select jurisdictions, prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above results in delayed or reduced sales or increase our cost of sales, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 
 
 If we are unable to comply with our security obligations or our computer systems are or become vulnerable to security breaches, we could face reputational damage and lose clients and revenue, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 The services we provide are often critical to our clients businesses. Certain of our client contracts require us to comply with security obligations, which could include breach notification and remediation obligations, maintaining network security and backup data, ensuring our network is virus-free, maintaining business continuity planning procedures, and verifying the integrity of employees that work with our clients by conducting background checks. Any failure in a client s system, whether or not a result of or related to the services we provide, or breach of security relating to the services we provide to the client, could adversely affect our business, including by damaging our reputation or resulting in a claim for substantial damages against us. Our liability for security breaches of our or a client s systems or breaches of data security requirements, for which we may be required to indemnify our clients, may be extensive. Any failure of our equipment or systems, or any disruption to basic infrastructure like power and telecommunications in the locations in which we operate, could impede our ability to provide services to our clients, have a negative impact on our reputation, cause us to lose clients, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, our failure to continuously upgrade or increase the reliability and redundancy of our infrastructure to meet the demands of our customers could adversely affect the functioning and performance of our services and could in turn affect our results of operations. Any steps we take to increase the security, reliability and redundancy of our systems may be expensive and may not be successful in preventing system failures. 
 
 In addition, we often have access to or are required to collect, store and otherwise process confidential client data. If any person, including any of our employees or former employees, accidentally or intentionally, penetrates our network security, exposes our data or code, or misappropriates data or code that belongs to us, our clients, or our clients customers, we could be subject to significant liability from our clients or our clients customers for breaching contractual obligations or applicable privacy laws, rules and regulations. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client and customer data, including personal data, whether through breach of our computer systems, systems failure, loss or theft of confidential information or intellectual property belonging to our clients or our clients customers, or otherwise, could damage our brand and reputation, cause us to lose clients and revenue, and result in financial and other potential losses by us. For more information, see Risk Factors We are subject to stringent and changing regulatory, legislative and industry standard developments regarding privacy and data security matters, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 
 
 We are also subject to numerous commitments in our contracts with our clients. Significant unavailability of our services due to attacks could cause users to claim breach of contract and cease using our services, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We also may be subject to liability claims if we breach our contracts, including as a result of any accidental or intentional breach of our security. 
 
 Despite the procedures, systems and internal controls we have implemented to comply with our contracts, we may breach these commitments, whether through a weakness in these procedures, systems and internal controls, the negligence or the willful act of an employee or contractor. Our insurance policies, including our errors and omissions insurance, which 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 we only maintain in select jurisdictions, may be inadequate to compensate us for the potentially significant losses that may result from claims arising from breaches of our contracts, disruptions in our services, failures of or disruptions to our infrastructure, catastrophic events and disasters or otherwise. In addition, such insurance may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or our insurance could undergo a change in policy including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements. Further, our insurance may not cover all claims made against us and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. 
 
 We are subject to stringent and changing regulatory, legislative and industry standard developments regarding privacy and data security matters, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 
 
 We, along with a significant number of our clients, are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws, rules, regulations and industry standards related to data privacy and cybersecurity, and restrictions or technological requirements regarding the processing, collection, use, storage, protection, retention or transfer of data. The regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and, as a result, implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. 
 
 For example, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR, came into force in May 2018 and contains numerous requirements and changes from prior EU law, including more robust obligations on data processors and data controllers, heavier documentation requirements for data protection compliance programs, greater control over personal data by data subjects (e.g., the right to be forgotten ), increased data portability for data subjects, data breach notification requirements and increased fines. In particular, under the GDPR, fines of up to 20 million or up to 4 of the annual global revenue of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater, could be imposed for violations of certain of the GDPR s requirements. The GDPR requirements apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, including employee information. 
 
 If our efforts to comply with GDPR or other applicable EU laws and regulations are not successful, or are perceived to be unsuccessful, it could adversely affect our business in the EU. Further, in July 2020, the European Court of Justice, or the ECJ, invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, which had enabled the transfer of personal data from the EU to the U.S. for companies that had self-certified to the Privacy Shield. The ECJ decision also raised questions about the continued validity of one of the primary alternatives to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, namely the European Commission s Standard Contractual Clauses, and EU regulators have issued additional guidance regarding considerations and requirements that we and other companies must consider and undertake when using the Standard Contractual Clauses. Although the EU has presented a new draft set of contractual clauses, at present, there are few, if any, viable alternatives to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Standard Contractual Clauses. To the extent that we were to rely on the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield programs, we will not be able to do so in the future, and the ECJ s decision and other regulatory guidance or developments may impose additional obligations with respect to the transfer of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S., each of which could restrict our activities in those jurisdictions, limit our ability to provide our products and services in those jurisdictions, or increase our costs and obligations and impose limitations upon our ability to efficiently transfer personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. 
 
 Further, the exit of the United Kingdom, or the UK, from the EU, often referred to as Brexit, has created uncertainty with regard to data protection regulation in the UK. Specifically, the UK exited the EU on January 31, 2020, subject to a transition period that ended December 31, 2020. As of January 1, 2021, following the expiry of such transition period, data processing in the UK is governed by a UK version of the GDPR (combining the GDPR and the UK s Data Protection Act 2018), exposing us to two parallel regimes, each of which authorizes similar fines and other potentially divergent enforcement actions for certain violations. With respect to transfers of personal data from the EEA to the UK, the European Commission has published a decision finding that the UK ensures an adequate level of data protection, although such decision is subject to renewal and may be revised or revoked in the interim, resulting in uncertainty and the potential for increasing scope for divergence in application, interpretation and enforcement of the data protection law as between the UK and EEA. 
 
 Another example is the recently adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or the CCPA, in the United States, which became effective on January 1, 2020. The CCPA establishes a new privacy framework for covered businesses by creating an expanded definition of personal information, establishing new data privacy rights for California residents, imposing special rules on the collection of data from minors, and creating a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework for violations of the CCPA and for businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. The CCPA provides for severe civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. The CCPA may increase our compliance 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 costs and potential liability. In addition, it is anticipated the CCPA will be expanded on January 1, 2023, when the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or the CPRA, becomes operative. The CPRA will, among other things, give California residents the ability to limit use of certain sensitive personal information, further restrict the use of cross-contextual advertising, establish restrictions on the retention of personal information, expand the types of data breaches subject to the CCPA s private right of action, provide for increased penalties for CPRA violations concerning California residents under the age of 16, and establish a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. While aspects of the CPRA and its interpretation remain to be determined in practice, they create further uncertainty and may result in additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Additionally, on March 2, 2021, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, or the CDPA, was signed into law. The CDPA becomes effective beginning January 1, 2023, and contains provisions that require businesses to conduct data protection assessments in certain circumstances, and that require opt-in consent from consumers to process certain sensitive personal information. These laws could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, which could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our business. Additionally, all 50 states now have data breach laws that require timely notification to individuals, and at times regulators, the media or credit reporting agencies, if a company has experienced the unauthorized access or acquisition of personal information. More than a dozen states require that reasonable information security protections be used to protect personal information. If we fail to comply with any applicable privacy laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and other legal obligations, we may be subject to the aforementioned penalties, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 Also, in the United States, further laws, rules and regulations to which we may be subject include those promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act and state cybersecurity and breach notification laws, as well as regulator enforcement positions and expectations. Globally, governments and agencies have adopted and could in the future adopt, modify, apply or enforce laws, rules, policies, regulations and standards covering user privacy, data security, technologies such as cookies that are used to collect, store or process data, marketing online, the use of data to inform marketing, the taxation of products and services, unfair and deceptive practices, and the collection, including the collection, use, processing, transfer, storage or disclosure of data associated with unique individual internet users. New regulation or legislative actions regarding data privacy and security, together with applicable industry standards, may increase the costs of doing business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 While we have taken steps to mitigate the impact of the GDPR and other laws, rules, regulations and standards on us, including by implementing certain security measures and mechanisms, the efficacy and longevity of these mechanisms remains uncertain. Despite our ongoing efforts to bring practices into compliance, we may not be successful either due to various factors within our control, such as limited financial or human resources, or other factors outside our control. Our efforts could fail and result in unauthorized access to or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of data. It is also possible that local data protection authorities may have different interpretations of the GDPR and other laws, rules, regulations and standards to which we are subject, leading to potential inconsistencies amongst various EU member states. Because the interpretation and application of many privacy and data protection laws, rules and regulations along with contractually imposed industry standards are uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our services and platform capabilities. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, regulatory investigations, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, other claims and penalties, significant costs for remediation and damage to our reputation, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our services and platform capabilities, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Certain of our clients require solutions that ensure security given the nature of the content being distributed and associated applicable regulatory requirements. In particular, our U.S. healthcare industry clients may rely on our solutions to protect information in compliance with the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the 2009 Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, the Final Omnibus Rule of January 25, 2013, and related regulations, which are collectively referred to as HIPAA, and which impose privacy and data security standards that protect individually identifiable health information by limiting the uses and disclosures of individually identifiable health information and requiring that certain data security standards be implemented to protect this information. As a business associate to covered entities that are subject to HIPAA, such as certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses, we also have our own compliance obligations directly under HIPAA and pursuant to the business associate agreements that we are required to enter into with our clients that are HIPAA-covered entities and any vendors we engage that access, use, transmit or store individually identifiable health information in connection with our business operations. Compliance efforts can be expensive and burdensome, and if we fail to comply with our obligations 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 under HIPAA, our required business associate agreements or applicable state data privacy laws and regulations, we could be subject to regulatory investigations and orders, significant fines and penalties, mitigation and breach notification expenses, private litigation and contractual damages, corrective action plans and related regulatory oversight and reputational harm. 
 
 We make public statements about our use and disclosure of personal information through our privacy policies, information provided on our website and press statements. Although we endeavor to comply with our public statements and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. The publication of our privacy policies and other statements that provide promises and assurances about data privacy and security can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Any concerns about our data privacy and security practices, even if unfounded, could damage the reputation of our business and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any failure or perceived failure, including as a result of deficiencies in our policies, procedures, or measures relating to privacy, data protection, marketing, client communications or information security, by us to comply with laws, rules, regulations, policies, legal or contractual obligations, industry standards, or regulatory guidance relating to data privacy or security, may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, significant fines and penalties or adverse publicity, and could cause our clients and partners to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, rules, regulations and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, marketing, client communications and information security in the United States, the EU and other jurisdictions, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, rules, regulations and standards may have on our business. Current and future laws, rules, regulations, standards and other obligations or any changed interpretation of existing laws, rules, regulations or standards could impair our ability to develop and market new services and maintain and grow our client base and increase revenue. 
 
 Our client relationships, revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected if we experience disruptions in our internet infrastructure, telecommunications or IT systems. 
 
 Disruptions in telecommunications, system failures, internet infrastructure issues, computer attacks, natural disasters, terrorism and loss of adequate power could damage our reputation and harm our ability to deliver services to our clients, which could result in client dissatisfaction, a loss of business, damage to our brand and reputation and related reduction of our revenue. We may not be able to consistently maintain active voice and data communications between our various global operations and with our clients due to disruptions in telecommunication networks and power supply, system failures or computer attacks. Any failure in our ability to communicate could result in a disruption in business, which could hinder our performance and our ability to complete projects on time. Such failure to perform our client contracts could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Cybersecurity attacks, breaches or other technological failures or security incidents, and changes in laws and regulations related to the internet or changes in the internet infrastructure itself, may diminish the demand for our services and could have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 The future success of our business depends upon the continued use of the internet as a primary medium for commerce, communication and business applications. International, federal state and foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws, rules, regulations and standards affecting the use of the internet as a commercial medium. Changes in these laws, rules, regulations and standards could adversely affect the demand for our services or require us to modify our solutions in order to comply with these changes. In addition, government agencies or private organizations may begin to impose taxes, fees or other charges for accessing the internet or commerce conducted via the internet. These laws or charges could limit the growth of internet-related commerce or communications generally, resulting in reductions in the demand for IT services. 
 
 We and our vendors and outsourced data center operations are subject to cybersecurity attacks, breaches or other technological failures which can include ransomware, viruses, worms, malware, phishing attacks, data breaches, denial or degradation of service attacks, social engineering attacks, terrorism, service disruptions, failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, unauthorized access attempts, including third parties gaining access to systems or client accounts using stolen or inferred credentials and similar malicious programs, behavior, and events. Our systems and our vendors systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats, such as theft, misuse, unauthorized access or other improper actions by employees and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access. In addition, we have experienced outages and other delays. A majority of our office employees are working remotely, which may also increase the risk of 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 cyber incidents or data breaches. We could experience a security breach resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of certain types of data, including client data, and personal information, that could put individuals at risk of identity theft and financial or other harm, resulting in costs to us, including as related to loss of business, severe reputational damage, reduced demand for our services, regulatory investigations or inquiries, remediation costs, indemnity obligations, legal defense costs and liability to parties who are financially harmed, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Such events could also compromise our trade secrets or other confidential, proprietary or sensitive information and result in such information being disclosed to third parties and becoming less valuable. A cybersecurity attack could also result in significant degradation or failure of our computer systems, communications systems or any other systems in the performance of our services, which could cause our clients or their employees to suffer delays in their receipt of our services. These delays could cause substantial losses for our clients and their employees, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those failures. In addition, such failures could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The frequency and impact of cybersecurity attacks and other malicious internet-based activity continue to increase and evolve in nature. Given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of data security-related incidents and fraudulent activity, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent, detect or mitigate system failures, breaches in our systems or other cyber incidents or that we can remediate any such incidents in an effective or timely manner. Furthermore, because the methods of attack and deception change frequently, are increasingly complex and sophisticated, and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including third parties such as vendors and even nation-state actors, despite our reasonable efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and website, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate, detect, appropriately react and respond to, or implement effective preventative measures against, all security breaches and failures and fraudulent activity. In the event we experience significant disruptions, we may be unable to repair our systems in an efficient and timely manner. If our services or security measures are perceived as weak or are actually compromised as a result of third-party action, employee or client error, malfeasance, or otherwise, our clients may curtail or stop using our services, our brand and reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed, and we could incur significant liability. As we increase our client adoption and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems or gain unauthorized access to our or our clients data. 
 
 We also cannot ensure that insurance coverage will be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims related to a security incident or breach, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our reputation and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 We may not secure sufficient intellectual property rights or obtain, maintain, protect, defend or enforce such rights sufficiently to comply with our obligations to our clients or protect our brand and we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of or otherwise protect our intellectual property, thereby eroding our competitive advantages and harming our business. 
 
 Our contracts generally require, and our clients typically expect, that we will assign to them all intellectual property rights associated with the deliverables that we create in connection with our engagements. In order to validly assign these rights to our clients, we must ensure that we obtain all intellectual property rights that our employees and contractors may have in such deliverables. We endeavor to enter into agreements with our employees and contractors in order to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information, as well as to assign to us all intellectual property rights they develop in connection with their work for us. However, we cannot ensure that all employees and independent contractors or any other party who has access to our confidential information or contributes to the development of our intellectual property have signed assignment of inventions agreements with us validly assigning such rights to us or that we will be able to enforce our rights under any such agreements. Such agreements may not be self-executing or may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. Given that we operate in a variety of jurisdictions with different and evolving legal regimes, particularly in Latin America and the United States, we face increased uncertainty regarding whether we fully own all intellectual property rights in such deliverables and whether we will be able to avail ourselves of the remedies provided for by applicable law. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Further, our current and former employees could challenge our exclusive rights to the software they have developed in the course of their employment. In certain countries in which we operate, an employer is deemed to own the copyrightable work created by its employees during the course, and within the scope, of their employment, but the employer may be required to satisfy additional legal requirements in order to make further use and dispose of such works. We cannot ensure that we have complied with all such requirements or fulfilled all requirements necessary to acquire all rights in software developed by our employees and independent contractors. These requirements are often ambiguously defined and enforced. As a result, we may not be successful in defending against any claim by our current or former employees or independent contractors challenging our exclusive rights over the use and transfer of works those employees or independent contractors created or requesting additional compensation for such works. Protecting our intellectual property is thus a challenge, especially after our employees or our contractors end their relationships with us, and, in some cases, decide to work for our competitors. 
 
 Our success also depends in part on our ability to obtain, maintain, protect defend and enforce our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks and certain methodologies, practices, tools and technical expertise we utilize in designing, developing, implementing and maintaining applications and other intellectual property rights. In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we rely upon a combination of nondisclosure and other contractual arrangements as well as trade secret, copyright and trademark laws, though we have not sought patent protection for any of our proprietary technology. However, the steps we take to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and enforce our intellectual property rights may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property rights if we are unable to enforce our rights, detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights or, with respect to our trademarks and brand name, obtain registered trademarks in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Other parties, including our competitors, may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our services or design around our intellectual property and, in such cases, we may not be able to assert our intellectual property rights against such parties and our business, financial condition, results of operation or prospects may be harmed. Any trademarks or other intellectual property rights that we have or may obtain may be challenged or circumvented by others or invalidated, narrowed in scope or held unenforceable through administrative process or litigation. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property protection may not be available to us in every country in which our services are available. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of our technologies, trade secrets and intellectual property may be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weak. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. 
 
 We regard our intellectual property, including our trademarks, trade names and service marks, as having significant value, and our brand is an important factor in the marketing of our services. We intend to rely on both registration and common law protection for our trademarks. We own trademark registrations for the AGILETHOUGHT trademark and logo in the United States. We also own pending trademark applications and registrations for the AGILETHOUGHT trademark in other jurisdictions in which we operate or may operate in the future; for example, Mexico, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Argentina, Costa Rica and Colombia. 
 
 We cannot assure you that any future trademark registrations will be issued from pending or future trademark applications or that any registered trademarks will be enforceable or provide adequate protection of our proprietary rights, including with respect to branding. Our trademarks or trade names have in the past and may in the future be opposed, challenged, infringed, circumvented, diluted, declared generic, lapsed or determined to be infringing on other marks. For example, Sistemas Globales S.A. d/b/a Globant has opposed our application for AGILETHOUGHT in Argentina, based on its prior registration for AGILE PODS (Reg. No. 2706379). Opposition proceedings typically take 3-4 years to resolve in Argentina, and we cannot assure you that our application will survive such proceedings. We also own registrations for AGILETHOUGHT INSIGHTFUL SOLUTIONS :: INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES and HUMAN POTENTIAL, DIGITALLY DELIVERED in the United States. During the trademark registration process, we have and may in the future receive Office Actions or other objections from the U.S. Patent and Trademark office, or the USPTO, or equivalent foreign offices objecting to the registration of our trademarks. Although we are given an opportunity to respond to those objections, we may be unable to overcome such objections. Additionally, in the USPTO and equivalent foreign offices in many jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek the cancellation of registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The value of our intellectual property could diminish if others assert rights in or ownership of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights, or trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. We may be unable to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, litigation or other actions may be necessary to protect, defend or enforce our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. We may not be able to protect our rights to our trademarks and trade names, which we need for name recognition by our current and potential clients. We may be subject to liability, required to enter into costly license agreements, required to rebrand our services or prevented from selling some of our services if third parties successfully oppose or challenge our trademarks or successfully claim that we infringe or otherwise violate their trademarks or other intellectual property rights. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar or identical to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. If we are unable to obtain a registered trademark, establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names or otherwise enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to our trademarks or other intellectual property, we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and enforce these rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. An adverse determination of any litigation proceedings could put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential or sensitive information could be compromised by disclosure in the event of litigation. In addition, during the course of litigation there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Negative publicity related to a decision by us to initiate such enforcement actions against a client or former client, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely impact our other client relationships or prospective client relationships, harm our brand and business and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Our failure to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and enforce our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our brand and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 
 We consider proprietary trade secrets and confidential know-how to be important to our business. However, trade secrets and confidential know-how can be difficult to maintain as confidential. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into confidentiality agreements with each party that has or may have had access to our proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets. Moreover, no assurance can be given that any confidentiality agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution, use, misuse, misappropriation, reverse engineering or disclosure of our proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets. Such agreements may also be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies, including equitable remedies, for any such breach. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data, trade secrets and know-how by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our IT systems. While we have confidence in such systems and tools, agreements or security measures may be breached. 
 
 Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. We cannot guarantee that our trade secrets and other proprietary and confidential information have not or will not be disclosed or that competitors have not or will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. Current or former employees, consultants, contractors and advisers may unintentionally or willfully disclose our confidential information to competitors, and confidentiality agreements may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and used trade secrets or confidential know-how could be expensive, time consuming and unpredictable. Trade secret violations are often a matter of state law, and the enforceability of confidentiality agreements and the criteria for protection of trade secrets may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property or other proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Consequently, we may be unable to prevent our trade secrets from being exploited abroad, which could affect our ability to expand to foreign markets or require costly efforts to protect our proprietary rights. Furthermore, if a competitor lawfully obtained or independently developed any of our trade secrets, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 technology or information, which could harm our competitive position. If the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating our trade secrets. 
 
 Our failure to secure, protect and enforce our trade secrets and other confidential business information could substantially harm the value of our brand and business. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information could reduce the differentiation of our services, substantially and adversely impact our commercial operations and harm our business. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our trade secret rights and related confidentiality and nondisclosure provisions. If we fail to obtain or maintain trade secret protection, or if our competitors otherwise obtain our trade secrets, our competitive market position could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, some courts are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets and agreement terms that address non-competition are difficult to enforce in many jurisdictions and might not be enforceable in certain cases. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that we, our employees or companies we have acquired, have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property, which may be costly and time consuming. Unfavorable results of legal and administrative proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We may be subject to claims by third parties that we, our employees or companies that we have acquired, have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated the intellectual property of such third parties. We cannot assure you that the services and technologies that we have developed, are developing or may develop in the future will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate existing or future intellectual property rights owned by third parties. Our employees may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property of their former employers. Many of our employees were previously employed at our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment. Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information, know-how or trade secrets of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed such information of any such employee s former employer. Time-consuming and expensive litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. In addition, we are subject to additional risks as a result of our recent acquisitions and any future acquisitions we may complete. The developers of the technology that we have acquired or may acquire may not have appropriately created, obtained, protected, maintained or enforced intellectual property rights in such technology. Indemnification and other rights under acquisition documents may be limited in term and scope and may therefore provide little or no protection from these risks. 
 
 If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel or sustain damages. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, and if such defenses, counterclaims, or countersuits are successful, we could lose valuable intellectual property rights. Such intellectual property rights could be awarded to a third party. Regardless, policing unauthorized use of our technology is difficult and we may not detect all such use. Even if we successfully prosecute or defend against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs, damage to our brand and reputation and distraction of management and key personnel. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for development activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of intellectual property-related litigation or proceedings could adversely affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 
 In addition, we may be unsuccessful in executing intellectual property assignment agreements with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 If we are sued for alleged infringement, misappropriation or other violations of the intellectual property rights of others, our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our success largely depends on our ability to use and develop our technology, tools, code, methodologies and services without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks. However, we may not be aware that our products or services are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights. Third parties may claim that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating, or have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, their intellectual property rights and we may be subject to litigation involving claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights of third parties. As competition in our market grows, the possibility of infringement, misappropriation and other intellectual property claims against us increases. Parties making infringement claims may be able to obtain an injunction to prevent us from delivering our services or using technology involving the allegedly infringing intellectual property. Even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, intellectual property litigation can be expensive and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business. A successful infringement claim against us, whether with or without merit, could, among others things, require us to pay substantial damages (including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed third-party intellectual property), develop substitute non-infringing technology, or rebrand our name or enter into royalty or license agreements that may not be available on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and could require us to cease making, licensing or using products that may have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated a third party s intellectual property rights. Protracted litigation could also result in existing or potential clients deferring or limiting their purchase or use of our services until resolution of such litigation, or could require us to indemnify our clients against infringement claims in certain instances. In addition, during the course of litigation there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could, among other things, distract our management and employees from our business. Additionally, if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Any intellectual property claim or litigation, whether we ultimately win or lose, could cause us to incur significant expenses, damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In addition, we typically indemnify clients who purchase our services and solutions against potential infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights, which subjects us to the risk of indemnification claims. Some of our customer agreements provide for uncapped liability and some indemnity provisions survive termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. These claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our clients, regardless of the merits of these claims, and are often not subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our clients, redesign or cease offering our allegedly infringing services or solutions, or obtain licenses for the intellectual property such services or solutions allegedly infringe. Large indemnity payments could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our clients may stop using our services or solutions. 
 
 We use third-party software, hardware and software-as-a-service, or SaaS, technologies from third parties that may be difficult to replace or that may cause errors or defects in, or failures of, the services or solutions we provide. 
 
 We rely on software, hardware and both hosted and cloud-based SaaS applications from various third parties to deliver our services and solutions. If any of these software, hardware or SaaS applications become unavailable due to extended outages, interruptions, system failures, cybersecurity attacks, software or hardware errors, financial insolvency or natural disasters or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we could experience delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available from a third party, is identified, obtained and integrated, which could increase our expenses or otherwise harm our business. In addition, any errors or defects in or failures of this third-party software, hardware or SaaS applications could result in errors or defects in or failures of our services and solutions, which could harm our business, be costly to correct, and subject us to breach of contract claims with our clients. Many of these providers attempt to impose limitations on their liability for such errors, defects or failures, and if enforceable, we may have additional liability to our clients or third-party providers that could harm our reputation and increase our operating costs. 
 
 In the future we may identify additional third-party intellectual property we may need to license in order to engage in our business, including to develop or commercialize new products or services. However, such licenses may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and other companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 consider attractive or necessary. Other companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater development or commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us on reasonable pricing terms or at all. If we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms or at all, it could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We incorporate third-party open source software into our client deliverables and our failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could adversely impact our clients or our ability to sell our services, subject us to litigation or create potential liability. 
 
 Our client deliverables often contain software licensed by third parties under so-called open source licenses, including the GNU General Public License, or GPL, the GNU Lesser General Public License, or LGPL, the BSD License and others, and we expect to continue to incorporate open source software in our services in the future. Moreover, we cannot ensure that we have not incorporated open source software in our services in a manner that is inconsistent with the terms of the applicable license or our current policies and procedures. There have been claims against companies that distribute or use open source software in their products and services asserting that the use of such open source software infringes the claimants intellectual property rights. As a result, we and our clients could be subject to suits by third parties claiming that what we believe to be licensed open source software infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates such third parties intellectual property rights, and we are generally required to indemnify our clients against such claims. Additionally, if an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we or our clients could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from the sale of our services that contain the open source software and required to comply with onerous conditions or restrictions on these services, which could disrupt the distribution and sale of these services. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our services. Use of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code, including with respect to security vulnerabilities. In addition, certain open source licenses require that source code for software programs that interact with such open source software be made available to the public at no cost and that any modifications or derivative works to such open source software continue to be licensed under the same terms as the open source software license, and we may be subject to such terms. 
 
 We cannot ensure that we have effectively monitored our use of open source software or that we are in compliance with the terms of all applicable open source licenses. The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by courts in relevant jurisdictions, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose certain conditions or restrictions on our clients ability to use the software that we develop for them and operate their businesses as they intend. The terms of certain open source licenses may require us or our clients to release the source code of the software we develop for our clients and to make such software available under the applicable open source licenses. In the event that portions of client deliverables are determined to be subject to an open source license, we or our clients could be required to publicly release the affected portions of source code or re-engineer all, or a portion of, the applicable software. Disclosing our proprietary source code could allow our clients competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of sales for our clients. Any of these events could create liability for us to our clients and damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and the market price of our shares of common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our International Operations 
 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected by negative publicity about offshore outsourcing or anti-outsourcing legislation in the countries in which our clients operate. 
 
 Concerns that offshore outsourcing has resulted in a loss of jobs, sensitive technologies and information to foreign countries have led to negative publicity concerning outsourcing in some countries. Many organizations and public figures in the United States have publicly expressed concern about a perceived association between offshore outsourcing IT service providers and the loss of jobs. Current or prospective clients may elect to perform services that we offer, or may be discouraged from transferring these services to offshore providers, to avoid any negative perceptions that may be associated with using an offshore provider or for data privacy and security concerns. As a result, our ability to compete effectively with competitors that operate primarily out of facilities located in the United States could be harmed. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Legislation enacted in the United States and certain other jurisdictions in which we operate and any future legislation in countries in which we have clients that restricts the performance of services from an offshore location could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 General economic conditions in Mexico may have an adverse effect on our operations and business. 
 
 We have key facilities and personnel located in Mexico. The Mexican market and economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries. Moreover, financial turmoil in any emerging market country tends to adversely affect prices in capital markets of emerging market countries, including Mexico, as investors move their money to more stable, developed markets. Financial problems or an increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies could dampen foreign investment in Mexico and adversely affect the Mexican economy. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause volatility in Mexican financial markets and to the Mexican economy in general, which may have an adverse effect on our business and operations. The economy in Mexico remains uncertain. Weak economic conditions could result in lower demand for our services, resulting in lower sales, revenue, earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Government intervention in the Mexican economy could adversely affect the economy and our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 The ability of companies to efficiently conduct their business activities is subject to changes in government policy or shifts in political attitudes within Mexico that are beyond our control. Government policy may change to discourage foreign investment, nationalization of industries may occur or other government limitations, restrictions or requirements not currently foreseen may be implemented. During recent years, the Mexican government has frequently intervened in the Mexican economy, including through discretionary interventions on government spending. 
 
 For example, in January 2019, Mexico s president, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, officially suspended the construction of the partly-built 13.0 billion dollar Mexico City International Airport. This decision impacted not only the directly involved construction and development companies, advisors and contractors, but also investors and debt holders who had financially supported the project. 
 
 Interventions by the Mexican government, such as that relating to the new Mexico City International Airport, can have an adverse impact on the level of foreign investment in Mexico, the access of companies with significant Mexican operations to the international capital markets and Mexico s commercial and diplomatic relations with other countries and, consequently, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 A significant number of individuals in our workforce in Mexico are employed by third-party service providers. If our third-party service providers fail to comply with applicable Mexican law, or if we are unable to comply with recent changes to Mexican law requiring reclassification of these individuals as our employees, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We historically have generally utilized specialized third-party consulting services to support specific developments within the delivery of our specialized solutions to customers. Although our service providers are legally and contractually required to comply with applicable labor, tax and social security laws, it is a challenge to monitor our service providers compliance with such laws given the significant number of individuals employed by our service providers and the administrative complexities involved. Such laws are complex and subject to interpretation, which may vary from time to time, and it is also possible that a governmental authority could ultimately determine that we are subject to liability imposed under former and/or applicable Mexican law and regulations regarding our past and current commercial relationship with third-party consultants if such relationships are found to be non-compliant, and/or to the extent such third-party consultants do not absorb any liabilities imposed for such non-compliance, and our business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We also cannot provide any assurance that the service providers employees will not initiate legal actions against us seeking indemnification from us as the ultimate beneficiary of their services. 
 
 In April 2021, the Mexican government passed a new law that will require us to integrate our third-party service structure into our own workforce. The new law allows tax deductions from third-party service expenses only if they meet certain requirements, which are still to be fully defined. As of August 31, 2021, we finalized the conversion of 100 of the third-party consultants in Mexico into full time employees FTE s in order to comply with the new law and as of December 31, 2022 we had 377 service export resources that are not FTEs. We cannot assure you that our compliance efforts with respect to the new law or the new law s interpretation and application by governmental authorities will not result in additional costs or liabilities to us or other adverse impacts on our operating performance or will not make it more 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 difficult for us to establish, maintain and grow client relationships. We also cannot assure you that the Mexican government will not pursue further regulatory changes that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, we cannot assure the Mexican government will not pursue further labor related laws that can result in further significantly material impact to us, nor that it could not apply retroactive reviews and assess the structure we have used in the past. 
 
 The Mexican government may order salary increases to be paid to employees in the private sector, which could increase our operating costs and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 In the past, the Mexican government has passed laws, regulations and decrees requiring companies in the private sector to increase wages and provide specified benefits to employees, and may do so again in the future. Mexican employers, both in the public and private sectors, have experienced significant pressure from their employees and labor organizations to increase wages and to provide additional employee benefits. The Mexican government, as a result, increased the minimum salary by 16 in January 2019. 
 
 If future salary increases in the Mexican peso exceed the pace of the devaluation of the Mexican peso, such salary increases could have a material adverse effect on our expenses and business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Corruption in Mexico could have an adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 
 Corruption could result in our competitors having an unfair advantage over us in securing business. In addition, false accusations of corruption or other alleged wrongdoing by us or our officers or directors may be spread by newspapers, competitors or others to gain a competitive advantage over us or for other reasons. Mexican press reports have also alleged selective investigations and prosecutions by the government to further its interests. In the event we become the target of corruption allegations, we may need to cease or alter certain activities or embark on expensive litigation to protect our business and employees, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Doing business with government clients could negatively impact our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 While our current contracts with governmental entities, including the Mexican federal government and related entities, does not constitute a substantial portion of our revenue, nor do we expect it to constitute a substantial portion of our revenue in the future, there are risks associated with doing business with government clients. Agreements with governmental entities may be subject to periodic funding approval. Funding reductions or delays could adversely impact public sector demand for our products and services. Also, some agreements may contain provisions allowing the client to terminate without cause and providing for higher liability limits for certain losses. In addition, government contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations by government agencies. If the government discovers improper or illegal activities or contractual non-compliance (including improper billing), we may be subject to various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with the government, which could negatively impact our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If relations between the United States and foreign governments deteriorate, it could cause our business or potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 The relationship between the United States and foreign governments, including Mexico, could be subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. For instance, the United States may announce its intention to impose quotas on certain imports. Such import quotas may adversely affect political relations between the two countries and result in retaliatory countermeasures by the foreign government in industries that may affect our ultimate target business. The Biden administration in the United States has recently proposed far-ranging federal tax legislation in the United States that could impact business like ours with substantial presences in Mexico that provide extensive services in the United States .Changes in political conditions in foreign countries and changes in the state of U.S. relations with such countries are difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations or cause our business or potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, there is no basis for you to evaluate the possible extent of any impact on our ultimate operations if relations are strained between the United States and a foreign country in which we acquire a target business or move our principal manufacturing or service operations. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected if general economic conditions in Latin America and the United States or the global economy worsen. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from clients located in Latin America and the United States. The IT services industry is particularly sensitive to the economic environment, and tends to decline during general economic downturns. If the United States or Latin American economies weaken or slow, pricing for our services may be depressed and our clients may reduce or postpone their technology spending significantly, which may, in turn, lower the demand for our services, negatively affect our revenue and profitability and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our business is dependent to a certain extent upon the economic conditions prevalent in the United States and Latin American countries in which we operate. Latin American countries have historically experienced uneven periods of economic growth, as well as recession, periods of high inflation and economic instability. As a consequence of adverse economic conditions in global markets and diminishing commodity prices, the economic growth rates of the economies of many Latin American countries have slowed and some have entered mild recessions. Adverse economic conditions in any of these countries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. To the extent that the prospect of national debt defaults in Latin America and other adverse economic conditions continue or worsen, they would likely have a negative effect on our business. If we are unable to successfully anticipate changing economic and political conditions affecting the markets in which we operate, we may be unable to effectively plan for or respond to those changes, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates and increased inflation could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We have offices located in Mexico, Costa Rica, Brazil, Argentina and the United States. As a result of the international scope of our operations, fluctuations in exchange rates, particularly between the Mexican peso and the U.S. dollar, may adversely affect us. The value of our common stock may be affected by the foreign exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Mexican peso, and between those currencies and other currencies in which our revenues and assets may be denominated. For example, a depreciation of the Mexican peso relative to the U.S. dollar will temporarily impact our operations in the following ways: (i) the operations in the United States that have a nearshore cost component will benefit at the gross margin level from a lower U.S. dollar denominated cost until the point where salary inflation in Mexico offsets that benefit; and (ii) on the Mexico operations side, a depreciation of the Mexican peso will result in an overall reduction of the value of our business in Mexico when translated to U.S. dollars for consolidation purposes, as the same number of Mexican pesos will now represent fewer U.S. dollars. While our current exposure is relatively balanced at the operating profit (loss) level meaning the benefit on the U.S. operations from a Mexican peso depreciation on operating profit (loss) would largely offset the impact of our operating income (loss) of a reduction in the value of our business in Mexico, this may change in the future as our nearshore operations grow. If our operations in the United States and Mexico grow at different rates, fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Mexican peso and U.S. dollar could have negative impacts on our financial condition and results of operations and could materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The banking and financial systems in less developed markets where we hold funds remain less developed than those in some more developed markets, and a banking crisis could place liquidity constraints on our business and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We have cash in banks in countries such as Mexico, Brazil, Argentina and Costa Rica, where the banking sector remains subject to periodic instability, banking and other financial systems generally do not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, and bank deposits made by corporate entities are not insured. A banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of banks through which we receive or with which we hold funds, particularly in Mexico and Brazil, may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our ability to complete banking transactions in that region, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our international operations involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect our results of operations and require increased time and attention from our management. 
 
 Managing a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,504 employees and contractors, approximately 89.9 of whom work in nearshore offices in Mexico and 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 other Latin American countries. We have operations in a number of countries, including Mexico and the United States, and we serve clients primarily in the United States and Latin America. As a result, we are subject to risks inherently associated with international operations. Our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, tax and regulatory requirements, and violations or unfavorable interpretation by the respective authorities of these regulations could harm our business. Risks associated with international operations include difficulties in enforcing contractual rights, potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable, the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, repatriation of earnings or capital and the risk of asset seizures by foreign governments. In addition, we may face competition in other countries from companies that may have more experience with operations in such countries or with international operations. Such companies may have long-standing or well-established relationships with desired clients, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. We may also face difficulties integrating new facilities in different countries into our existing operations, as well as integrating employees that we hire in different countries into our existing corporate culture. Our international expansion plans may be unsuccessful and we may not be able to compete effectively in other countries. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance. These factors could impede the success of our international expansion plans and limit our ability to compete effectively in other countries. 
 
 From time to time, some of our employees and contractors spend significant amounts of time at our clients facilities, often located outside our employees and contractors countries of residence, which exposes us to certain risks. 
 
 Some of our projects require a portion of the work to be undertaken at our clients facilities, which are often located outside our employees and contractors countries of residence. The ability of our employees and contractors to work in such locations may depend on different countries regulations relating to international travel, which may eliminate or severely curtail our employees and contractors ability to work on-site at clients facilities, as well as our employees and contractors ability to obtain the required visas and work permits, which process can be lengthy and difficult. Immigration laws are subject to legislative changes, as well as to variations in standards of application and enforcement due to political forces and economic conditions. In addition, we may become subject to taxation in jurisdictions where we would not otherwise be so subject as a result of the time that our employees spend in any such jurisdiction in any given year. While we seek to monitor the number of days that our employees spend in each country or state to avoid subjecting ourselves to any such taxation, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in these efforts. 
 
 We also incur risks relating to our employees and contractors working at our clients facilities, including: claims of misconduct, negligence or intentional malfeasance on the part of our employees or contractors. Some or all of these claims may lead to litigation and these matters may cause us to incur negative publicity with respect to these alleged problems. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these lawsuits or any other proceeding, and our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us. 
 
 If we are faced with immigration or work permit restrictions in any country where we currently have personnel onsite at a client location or would like to expand our delivery footprint, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 The success of our business is dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented and experienced professionals and be able to mobilize them to meet our clients needs. Immigration laws in the countries we operate in are subject to legislative changes, as well as to variations in the standards of application and enforcement due to political forces and economic conditions. A few countries have introduced new provisions and standards in immigration law which can impact our ability to provide services in those countries due to restrictive policies and additional costs involved. Our and our contractors future inability to obtain or renew sufficient work permits and/or visas due to the impact of these regulations, including any changes to immigration, work permit and visa regulations in jurisdictions such as the United States, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. It is difficult to predict the political and economic events that could affect immigration laws, or the restrictive impact they could have on obtaining or renewing work visas for our employees or contractors. 
 
 Latin American governments have exercised and continue to exercise significant influence over the economies of the countries where we operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Historically, governments in Latin America have frequently intervened in the economies of their respective countries and have occasionally made significant changes in policy and regulations. Governmental actions to control inflation and 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 other policies and regulations have often involved price controls, currency devaluations, capital controls and tariffs. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by: 
 
 changes in government policies or regulations, including such factors as exchange rates and exchange control policies; 
 inflation rates and measures taken by the governments of these countries to control or otherwise address inflation; 
 interest rates; 
 tariff and inflation control policies; 
 price control policies; 
 liquidity of domestic capital and lending markets; 
 electricity rationing; 
 tax policies, royalty and tax increases and retroactive tax claims; and 
 other political, diplomatic, social and economic developments in or affecting the countries where we operate. 
 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by the various conflicting legal and regulatory requirements imposed on us by the countries where we operate. 
 
 Since we maintain operations and provide services to clients throughout the world, we are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal requirements on matters as diverse as import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, government affairs, anti-bribery, whistle blowing, internal and disclosure control obligations, data protection and privacy and labor relations. Our failure to comply with these regulations in the conduct of our business could result in fines, penalties, criminal sanctions against us or our officers, disgorgement of profits, prohibitions on doing business, unfavorable publicity, adverse impact on our reputation and allegations by our clients that we have not performed our contractual obligations. Due to the varying degree of development of the legal systems of the countries in which we operate, local laws might be insufficient to defend us and preserve our rights. 
 
 We are also subject to risks relating to compliance with a variety of national and local laws including multiple tax regimes, labor laws, employee health safety and wages and benefits laws. Many of our employees and consultants, including members of our senior management team, perform services for us in multiple jurisdictions, making us subject to multiple, and sometimes conflicting labor law regimes. We may, from time to time, be subject to litigation or administrative actions resulting from claims against us by current or former employees or contractors individually or as part of class actions, including claims of wrongful terminations, discrimination, misclassification, improper income tax or other withholding or other violations of labor law or related tax laws or other alleged conduct. We may also, from time to time, be subject to litigation resulting from claims against us by third parties, including claims of breach of non-compete and confidentiality provisions of our employees former employment agreements with such third parties. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Foreign, national and local governments may also adopt new laws, regulations or requirements, or make changes to existing laws or regulations, that could impact the demand for, or value of, our services. If we are unable to adapt the solutions we deliver to our clients to changing legal and regulatory standards or other requirements in a timely manner, or if our solutions fail to allow our clients to comply with applicable laws and regulations, our clients may lose confidence in our services and could switch to services offered by our competitors, or threaten or bring legal actions against us, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Many commercial laws and regulations in Latin America are relatively new and have been subject to limited interpretation. As a result, their application can be unpredictable. Government authorities have a high degree of discretion in certain countries in which we have operations and at times have exercised their discretion in ways that may be perceived as selective or arbitrary, and sometimes in a manner that is seen as being influenced by political or commercial considerations. These governments also have the power, in certain circumstances, to interfere with the performance of, nullify or terminate contracts. Selective or arbitrary actions against others have included withdrawal of licenses, sudden and unexpected tax audits, criminal prosecutions and civil actions. Federal and local government entities have also used common defects in documentation as pretexts for court claims against others and other demands to invalidate and/or to void transactions, possibly for political purposes. In this environment, our competitors could receive preferential treatment from the government, potentially giving them a competitive advantage. Selective or arbitrary government action could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Changes and uncertainties in the tax system in the countries in which we have operations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. Our consolidated effective income tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including: changing tax laws, regulations and treaties, or the interpretation thereof (including based on advice from our tax advisers); tax policy initiatives and reforms under consideration (such as those related to the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development s, Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project and other initiatives); the practices of tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate; the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties; and our income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory tax rates. Such changes may include the taxation of operating income, investment income, dividends received or, in the specific context of withholding tax, dividends paid, and changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 
 In particular, there have been significant changes to the taxation systems in Latin American countries in recent years as the authorities have gradually replaced or introduced new legislation regulating the application of major taxes such as corporate income tax, value-added tax, corporate property tax, personal income taxes and payroll taxes. 
 
 There have been significant changes to United States tax laws in recent years, some of which are being reconsidered by Congress and interpretations of which are being considered by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and the courts. Moreover, legislation in the United States has recently been proposed that may result in additional significant changes to United States tax laws. 
 
 We are unable to predict what tax reforms may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes could have on our business, but such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies or practices in jurisdictions in which we operate, could increase the estimated tax liability that we have expensed to date and paid or accrued on our balance sheets, and otherwise affect our financial position, future results of operations, cash flows in a particular period and overall or effective tax rates in the future in countries where we have operations, reduce post-tax returns to our stockholders and increase the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance, which may adversely affect our business and prospects. 
 
 Tax authorities may examine or audit our tax returns, disagree with our positions and conclusions regarding certain tax positions, or may apply existing rules in an unforeseen manner, resulting in unanticipated costs, taxes or non-realization of expected benefits. 
 
 We are subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns by the United States Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities around the world. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provisions for taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For example, as a result of examinations by applicable tax authorities, we may be subject to an indirect tax liability relating to our previous acquisition of 4 th Source and may have a contingent sales tax obligation in Tennessee which in aggregate total approximately 70,000 and each of which, if applicable, we anticipate paying in Q2 2023. 
 
 In addition, U.S. state and local and foreign jurisdictions have differing rules and regulations governing sales, use, value added and other taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. Further, these jurisdictions rules regarding tax nexus are complex and vary significantly. As a result, we could face the possibility of audits that could result in tax assessments, including associated interest and penalties. A successful assertion that we should be collecting additional sales, use, value added or other taxes in those jurisdictions where we have not historically done so could result in substantial tax liabilities and related penalties for past transactions, discourage customers from using our services or otherwise harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For example, we are currently being audited by the Mexican tax authorities with possible tax assessments including income tax, value added taxes, penalties and interest ranging from 1.5 million to 3 million. With the assistance of outside tax advisors, we are currently addressing these audits and we will pursue all available administrative or legal remedies for a favorable resolution. We regularly assess our tax returns for possible additional tax liabilities. 
 
 A tax authority may also disagree with tax positions that we have taken, which could result in increased tax liabilities. For example, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the Mexican taxing authorities or another tax authority could challenge our allocation of income by tax jurisdiction and the amounts paid between our affiliated companies pursuant to our intercompany arrangements and transfer pricing policies, including methodologies for valuing developed technology and amounts paid with respect to our intellectual property development. Similarly, a tax authority could assert that we are 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 subject to tax in a jurisdiction where we believe we have not established a taxable connection, often referred to as a permanent establishment under international tax treaties, and such an assertion, if successful, could increase our expected tax liability in one or more jurisdictions. Due to uncertainty in the application and interpretation of applicable tax laws in various jurisdictions, we may be exposed to sales and use, value added or other transaction tax liability, including with respect to transactions of the businesses we have acquired. 
 
 Tax authorities may take the position that material income tax liabilities, interest and penalties are payable by us, where there has been a technical violation of contradictory laws and regulations that are relatively new and have not been subject to extensive review or interpretation, in which case we expect that we might contest such assessment. High-profile companies can be particularly vulnerable to aggressive application of unclear requirements. Many companies must negotiate their tax bills with tax inspectors who may demand higher taxes than applicable law appears to provide. Contesting such an assessment may be lengthy and costly and if we were unsuccessful in disputing the assessment, the implications could increase our anticipated effective tax rate, where applicable. These uncertainties with respect to the application of tax laws, as well as the outcomes of tax examinations and audits and related tax assessments and liabilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Emerging markets are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, and financial turmoil in any emerging market could disrupt our business. 
 
 Latin American countries are generally considered to be emerging markets, which are subject to rapid change and greater legal, economic and political risks than more established markets. Financial problems or an increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies could dampen foreign investment in Latin America and adversely affect the economy of the region. Political instability could result in a worsening overall economic situation, including capital flight and slowdown of investment and business activity. Current and future changes in governments of the countries in which we have or develop operations, as well as major policy shifts or lack of consensus between various branches of the government and powerful economic groups, could lead to political instability and disrupt or reverse political, economic and regulatory reforms, which could adversely affect our business and operations in those countries. In addition, political and economic relations between certain of the countries in which we operate are complex, and recent conflicts have arisen between certain of their governments. Political, ethnic, religious, historical and other differences have, on occasion, given rise to tensions and, in certain cases, military conflicts among Latin American countries which can halt normal economic activity and disrupt the economies of neighboring regions. The emergence of new or escalated tensions in Latin American countries could further exacerbate tensions between such countries and the United States and the European Union, which may have a negative effect on their economy, our ability to develop or maintain our operations in those countries and our ability to attract and retain employees, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In addition, banking and other financial systems in certain countries in which we have operations are less developed and regulated than in some more developed markets, and legislation relating to banks and bank accounts is subject to varying interpretations and inconsistent application. Banks in these regions often do not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, and the transparency of the banking sector lags behind international standards. Furthermore, in certain countries in which we operate, bank deposits made by corporate entities generally either are not insured or are insured only to specified limits. As a result, the banking sector remains subject to periodic instability. A banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of banks through which we receive or with which we hold funds may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our ability to complete banking transactions in certain countries in which we have operations, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Wage inflation and other compensation expense for our IT professionals could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Wage costs for IT professionals in Latin American countries are lower than comparable wage costs in more developed countries. However, wage costs in the IT services industry in these countries may increase at a faster rate than in the past and wage inflation for the IT industry may be higher than overall wage inflation within these countries. We may need to increase the levels of compensation for our personnel more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive, and we may not be able to pass on these increased costs to our clients. Unless we are able to continue to increase the efficiency and productivity of our personnel as well as the prices we can charge for our services, wage inflation may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as export control laws, import and customs laws, trade and economic sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations. 
 
 Our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the Ley General de Responsabilidades Administrativas in Mexico and other anti-corruption laws that apply in countries where we do business. The FCPA and these other laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper or prohibited payments, or anything else of value, to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a high risk of potential FCPA violations, such as Mexico and Brazil. In addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. 
 
 We are also subject to other laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered by the governments of the United States and Mexico, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions and embargoes on certain countries and persons, anti-money laundering laws, import and customs requirements and currency exchange regulations, collectively referred to as the Trade Control laws. We may not be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all such applicable laws, which could result in our being subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of such laws by the United States, Mexico, or other authorities could also have an adverse impact on our reputation, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Because many of our agreements may be governed by laws of jurisdictions other than the United States, we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdictions or elsewhere, which could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 
 
 Many of our agreements are governed by laws of jurisdictions other than the United States, such as agreements governed under Mexican law. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts in such jurisdictions may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The judiciaries in Mexico, Brazil and other Latin American countries are relatively inexperienced in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher than usual degree of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation. As a result, the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our current or future agreements could result in a significant loss of business and business opportunities and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Investing in Our Securities 
 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock and warrants has been and will likely continue to be volatile and could decline significantly. 
 
 Our common stock and our warrants have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. Even if an active, liquid and orderly trading market is sustained for our securities, the market price of our securities is likely to continue to be volatile and could decline significantly. In addition, the trading volume in our securities may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our securities declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above the market price of our securities at which your purchased our securities. We cannot assure you that the market price of our securities will not fluctuate widely or decline significantly in the future in response to a number of factors, including, among others, the following: 
 
 the realization of any of the risk factors presented in this annual report on Form 10-K; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 
 our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts of investors in a particular period; 
 operating and share price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 the volume of shares of common stock available for public sale; 
 future issuances, sales, resales or repurchases or anticipated issuances, sales, resales or repurchases of our securities; 
 our ability to effectively service any current and future outstanding debt obligations; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 the announcement of new services or enhancements by us or our competitors; 
 developments concerning intellectual property rights; 
 changes in legal, regulatory and enforcement frameworks impacting our business; 
 changes in the prices of our services; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions or new offerings; 
 our involvement in any litigation; 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 changes in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market; 
 actual or perceived data security incidents or breaches; 
 any delisting of our common stock or warrants from NASDAQ due to any failure to meet listing requirements; 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 
 our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 
 publication of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
 overall performance of the equity markets; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 sales of common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; 
 the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; 
 general political and economic conditions, including health pandemics, such as COVID-19; and 
 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 
 In the past, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 
 Our common stock and public warrants are currently listed on Nasdaq. However, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. It is possible that our common stock and public warrants will cease to meet the Nasdaq listing requirements in the future. 
 
 If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are unable to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect that our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 
 a limited availability of market quotations for its securities; 
 reduced liquidity for its securities; 
 a determination that our common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in the common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because the common stock and public warrants are listed on Nasdaq, they are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state, other than the State of Idaho, having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 
 Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our securities. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum share price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our securities. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of the securities and would impair your ability to sell or purchase the securities when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our securities to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our securities, prevent our securities from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum share price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. Additionally, if our securities are not listed on, or become delisted from, Nasdaq for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were quoted or listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established or sustained. 
 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 
 The Legacy AT equity holders and the sponsor own a significant portion of our outstanding voting shares, and representatives of the sponsor and two of Legacy AT s largest stockholders occupy a total of four of the eleven seats on our board of directors. Concentration of ownership among the Legacy AT equity investors and the sponsor may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Legacy AT equity holders, including LIV Fund IV with respect to its shares held as a Legacy AT equity holder, held approximately 55.5 of our common stock. Furthermore, the Legacy AT equity holders, which include the second lien lenders, could increase their ownership percentage to the extent that they choose to convert all or a portion of the Second Lien Facility into common stock. 
 
 In addition, our board of directors includes one representative from the sponsor, and two from each of the Nexxus Funds and CS Investors, each of which hold large amounts of common stock, for a total of four directors out of a total of 11 directors. Pursuant to the sponsor letter agreement, for so long as the sponsor and its affiliates and its and their respective permitted transferees continue to own, directly or indirectly, our securities representing more than 4 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding voting securities, the sponsor will be entitled to nominate one director designee to serve on our board of directors. As long as the Legacy AT equity holders (including the Nexxus Funds and CS Investors), LIV Fund IV and the sponsor own or control a significant percentage of outstanding voting power, they will have the ability to strongly influence all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and the size of our board of directors, any amendment of our organizational documents, or the approval of any merger or other significant corporate transaction, including a sale of substantially all of our assets. In addition, as long as the sponsor, the Nexxus Funds and CS Investors retain five of the 11 seats on our board of directors, they will have the ability to strongly influence all corporate action requiring approval of our board of directors, including calling special meetings of stockholders, any amendment of our organizational documents, or the approval of any merger or other significant corporate transaction, including financing transactions and a sale of substantially all of our assets. 
 
 The interests of the Legacy AT equity holders, including the Nexxus Funds and CS Investors, LIV Fund IV and the sponsor and affiliates and their respective permitted transferees may not align with the interests of our other stockholders. Certain of the Legacy AT equity holders, including the Nexxus Funds and CS Investors, LIV Fund IV and the sponsor are in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Certain of the Legacy AT equity holders, including the Nexxus Funds and CS Investors, LIV Fund IV and the sponsor may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. 
 
 Certain of our executive officers and directors have received waivers from our insider trading policy in order to pledge shares of our common stock as collateral for loans, which may cause their interests to conflict with the interests of our other stockholders and may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Manuel Senderos, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, has pledged certain of his shares of our common stock to lenders to obtain a loan in the amounts of 4.5 million, used by him to provide the Company with his portion of the Second Lien Facility. In addition, Mauricio Gardu o, our Vice President, Business Development and a Director, has pledged certain of his shares of our common stock to a lender as security for indebtedness. 
 
 We are not a party to these loans, which are full recourse against Messrs. Senderos and Gardu o and are secured by pledges of a portion of our common stock currently beneficially owned by them. The terms of these loans were negotiated directly between Messrs. Senderos and Gardu o and the lender. In order for Messrs. Senderos and Gardu o to pledge their securities, our board of directors had to approve a waiver to our insider trading policy, which provides for a prohibition on pledging securities, restrictions on trading securities during blackout periods, and a requirement that all trades made by Messrs. Senderos and Gardu o be pre-cleared in advance of trading. 
 
 Because of these pledges made by Messrs. Senderos and Gardu o, their interests may not align with the interests of other stockholders, and they may act in a manner that advances their interests and not necessarily those of our other stockholders. The occurrence of certain events under these loan agreements could result in the future sales of such shares and significantly reduce Messrs. Senderos s and Gardu o s ownership in us. Such sales could occur while Messrs. Senderos and Gardu o are in possession of material non-public information without prior permission from the Company. Such sales could expose Messrs. Senderos and Gardu o to an investigation or litigation for insider trading, which could, among other things, distract our management and employees from our business. Such sales could also adversely affect the market and trading price of our common stock. In addition, if the value of our common stock declines, the lender may require additional collateral for the loans, which could cause Messrs. Senderos and Gardu o to pledge additional shares of our common stock. We can give no assurances that Messrs. Senderos and Gardu o will not pledge additional shares of our common stock in the future, as a result of lender calls requiring additional collateral. 
 
 Future resales of common stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 
 Upon expiration of the lock-up extensions agreed to by the Nexxus Funds and CS Investors and certain of our management, they may sell their shares, in block trades or other large dispositions, the timing for which may be influenced for each of the Nexxus Funds and CS Investors by considerations particular to its specific fund, for example end of fund life considerations. Additionally, the subscription investors and LIV Fund IV with respect to its shares held as a pre-merger Legacy AT equity holder are not be restricted from selling any of their shares of our common stock, other than by applicable securities laws. As such, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 
 As such, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 
 As restrictions on resale end and registration statements are available for use, the sale or possibility of sale of these shares could have the effect of increasing the volatility in our share price or the market price of our common stock could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. 
 
 Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the near future to continue our planned operations. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 
 As noted in the following risk factor, we have issued or will issue shares to certain of our lenders. Moreover, to the extent our warrants and the warrants to be issued to Monroe are exercised or the New Second Lien Lenders convert some or all of the Second Lien Facility into shares of common stock, additional shares of our common stock will be issued. The issuance of these shares will result in dilution to the holders of our common stock and increase the number of shares 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 eligible for resale in the public market. We have also registered or agreed to register such sales for resale by the holders thereof. 
 
 We have issued and will issue shares of common stock to certain of our lenders to secure some of our payment obligations to those lenders. Such issuances, and any future issuances will, dilute the interests of our shareholders. 
 
 We have issued approximately 3.6 million shares of common stock to Monroe, AGS Group, and Exitus Capital who, subject to certain regulatory restrictions, may sell the shares and apply the proceeds to the outstanding balance of the respective obligations we owe to them. In addition, we are obligated to issue additional shares to Exitus Capital if the value of the shares held by them is less than two times the outstanding principal amount of the loan. As of February 28, 2023, the outstanding principal amount owed to Exitus Capital was 1.6 million and the shares held by Exitus Capital had a value of approximately 5.2 million, based on a share price of 4.30, which was the closing price of our common stock on February 28, 2023. 
 
 In addition, we will issue warrants to Monroe to purchase 7.0 million worth of our common stock, which may be exercised for nominal consideration. The warrants will be issued on the earlier of full repayment of outstanding deferred fees and August 29, 2023 and will be exercisable immediately upon issuance. Furthermore, each Second Lien Lender under the Second Lien Facility (other than Nexxus Capital) has the right, but not the obligation, to convert all or any portion of its outstanding loans into our common stock. The loans, including interest and fees, held by Nexxus Capital will convert into our common stock on June 15, 2023. 
 
 To the extent we are not able to pay the AN Extend parties in cash under the AN Extend purchase price obligation note payable on or prior to November 15, 2023, the total amount of principal and the interest will be converted within the following 30 calendar days into shares of our common stock, based on the Volume Weighted Moving Average Price of our common stock on Nasdaq. This earnout obligation totaled 2.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and accrued interest at 11 per annum. 
 
 We have also entered into registration rights agreements with respect to the resale of all such shares, except with respect to shares issuable to the AN Extend parties. Such issuances have and will dilute the equity interests of our shareholders and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants. 
 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock, including under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 
 
 We may issue a substantial number of shares of common stock, including under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or preferred stock. Any such issuances of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: 
 
 may significantly dilute the equity interests of our shareholders; 
 may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 
 could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 
 may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants. 
 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 There is no guarantee that the warrants will be in the money prior to their expiration, and they may expire worthless. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The exercise price for our warrants is 11.50 per share of common stock. There is no guarantee that the warrants will be in the money prior to their expiration, and as such, the warrants may expire worthless. 
 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of ordinary shares (or shares of common stock into which such shares will convert in connection with the domestication) purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 
 
 Our warrants were issued in registered form under the warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 
 We may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to warrant holders, thereby making their warrants worthless. 
 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant; provided that the last reported sales price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the sponsor and its affiliates and its and their respective permitted transferees. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our charter and our bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 
 
 Our charter and our bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include: 
 
 no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 the exclusive right of the board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director by stockholders, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 
 the ability of the board of directors to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer or the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
 limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 
 controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of stockholder meetings; 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 providing for a classified board, in which the members of the board of directors are divided into three classes to serve for a period of three years from the date of their respective appointment or election; 
 granting the ability to remove directors with cause by the affirmative vote of 66 2 3 in voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at an election of directors; 
 requiring the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, to amend the bylaws or Articles V, VI, VII and VIII of the charter; and 
 advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to the board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of us or changes in our board of directors and our management. 
 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the DGCL, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of the common stock. Any provision of the charter, bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for common stock. 
 
 Our charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States as the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, to the fullest extent permitted by law, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents. 
 
 Our charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for: 
 
 any derivative claim or cause of action brought on behalf of us; 
 any claim or cause of action for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company to us or our stockholders; 
 any claim or cause of action against us or any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our charter or our bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); 
 any claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our charter or our bylaws (including any right, obligation or remedy thereunder); 
 any claim or cause of action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or 
 any claim or cause of action asserting a claim against us, or any director, officer or other employee of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. However, stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and this provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Our charter also provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this forum provision providing for exclusive jurisdiction of federal district courts with respect to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act. If a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, We may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our common stock adversely, the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease their coverage or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced financial disclosure obligations, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies. 
 
 We are permitted to take advantage of these provisions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (a) December 31, 2024, (b) the last date of our fiscal year in which we have a total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (c) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC with at least 700.0 million of outstanding securities held by non-affiliates or (d) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the previous three years. 
 
 We may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these reduced reporting requirements. If we take advantage of any of these reduced reporting requirements in future filings, the information that we provide our security holders may be different than the information you might get from other public companies in which you hold equity interests. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. 
 
 Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our shares of common stock. 
 
 FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for certain customers. 
 
 FINRA requirements will likely make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our shares of common stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our common stock. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We have offices in two U.S. cities, three cities in Mexico and three additional cities outside the United States and Mexico. Our headquarters are located in Irving, Texas. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our ongoing needs, and that, if we require additional space, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 On August 26, 2022, AnovoRx Holdings, Inc. Anovo filed a complaint against us in the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee, captioned AnovoRx Holdings, Inc. v. AgileThought, Inc. (Case No. 2:22-cv-02557), regarding a contract entered into in March 2019 for the Company to design and build a custom software solution for Anovo. The Company terminated the contract on April 29, 2022, for non-payment by Anovo of certain fees incurred and invoiced, and the complaint alleges that we breached the agreement and includes claims for breach of contract, anticipatory breach of contract, fraud in the inducement and conversion. The plaintiff seeks damages of 2.5 million, an award of unspecified appropriate damages, an award of interest and costs and expenses and other and further relief as the court may deem just and proper. On November 11, 2022, we filed a counterclaim against Anovo for Anovo s failure to pay fees incurred and invoiced for services requested by Anovo during the period from March 2021 through April 2022. Our counterclaim seeks damages of up to 1.7 million and an award of interest and costs and expenses and other and further relief as the court may deem just and proper. We believe that the allegations in the complaint are without merit, and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves in this matter. 
 In addition to the foregoing, we are currently and have in the past been subject to legal proceedings and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of business. We do not anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, arising out of such ordinary course matters will have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In the future, we may be subject to further legal proceedings and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of business and we cannot predict whether any such proceeding or matter will have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management time and resources and other factors. For additional information, refer to Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , within the audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock and our public warrants that are exercisable for our common stock are traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols AGIL and AGILW , respectively. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 7, 2022, there were 294 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of the shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we believe that there are considerably more beneficial holders of our common stock than record holders. 
 Dividends 
 We did not pay any cash dividends on our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022, nor do we have plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 On November 15, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to change the terms of the AN Extend purchase price obligation note payable. The amendment converted the note from Mexican pesos to U.S. dollars with capitalized interest added, set the applicable interest to 11 annually, and set a maturity date of November 15, 2023. If the note is not paid in full by the maturity date, the total amount of principal and the interest will be converted within the following 30 calendar days into shares of our common stock, based on the Volume Weighted Moving Average Price of our common stock on Nasdaq. 
 
 In connection with the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt, the Company issued 1,207,712 shares to Exitus Capital on February 10, 2023. The shares are intended to serve as collateral under the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt. The Company is obligated to issue additional shares to Exitus Capital from time to time if the value of the shares held by them is less two times than the outstanding principal amount of the loan. 
 
 In connection with the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note, the Company issued 414,367 shares to AGS Group on February 10, 2023. The shares are intended to serve as collateral under the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note. 
 
 The shares listed above were, or will be, issued in a transaction exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties about our business and operations. Our actual results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 For purposes of this item only AgileThought , the Company, we, us or our refer to AgileThought, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of agile-first, end-to-end digital transformation services in the North American market using onshore and nearshore delivery. We offer client-centric, onshore and nearshore agile-first digital transformation services that help our clients transform by building, improving and running new solutions at scale. Our services enable our clients to leverage technology more effectively to focus on better business outcomes. From consulting to application development and cloud services to data management and automation, we strive to create a transparent, collaborative, and responsive experience for our clients. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had 137 active clients, and for the year ended December 31, 2021, we had 191 active clients. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 5 delivery centers across the United States, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina and Costa Rica from which we deliver services to our clients. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,144 billable employees providing services remotely, from our talent centers or directly at client locations in the United States and Latin America. The breakdown of our employees by geography is as follows for the dates presented: 
 As of December 31, Employees by Geography 2022 2021 United States 249 355 Latin America 2,255 2,315 Total 2,504 2,670 
 Total headcount decrease by 166 people from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The decrease is related mainly to the Company s strategy to exit non-core projects which entails the exit of employees whose skill-set was not matching the purely-digital engagements the Company is actively pursuing. Our Latin America based headcount decreased by 60 people from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 whereas our United States based headcount decreased by 106 people from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, mainly as a result of our strategy to focus on nearshore resources to staff new sold contracts during 2022. 
 The following table presents our revenue by geography for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, Revenue by Geography (in thousands) 2022 2021 United States 112,223 103,436 Latin America 64,623 55,232 Total 176,846 158,668 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue was 176.8 million, as compared to 158.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We generated 63.5 and 65.2 of our revenue from clients located in the United States and 36.5 and 34.8 of our revenue from clients located in Latin America for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents our loss before income taxes for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Loss before income taxes (18,674) (19,588) 
 Our loss before income taxes was 18.7 million and 19.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and, for the same periods, our loss as a percentage of revenue was 10.6 and 12.3 , respectively. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe that the key factors affecting our performance and results of operations include our ability to: 
 Expand Our Client Footprint in the United States 
 We are focused on growing our client footprint in the United States and furthering the application of our proven business capabilities in the U.S. market. We are currently working towards gradually exiting non-core engagements to focus on a highly strategic client base, requiring purely next-gen digital services, which are more aligned with our ideal client profile which targets clients with an average annual revenue potential of + 10 million and consumes our highly specialized Guild delivery model. We acquired 4 th Source in 2018 and AgileThought, LLC in 2019, both of which are U.S. headquartered and operated companies. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 67 and 80 active clients in the United States, respectively. We define an active client at a specific date as a client with whom we have recognized revenue for our services during the preceding 12-month period. As of December 31, 2022, we had 249 employees located in the United States. We believe we have a significant opportunity to penetrate the U.S. market further and expand our U.S. client base. Our ability to expand our footprint in the United States will depend on several factors, including the U.S. market perception of our services, our ability to increase nearshore delivery successfully, our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions, as well as pricing, competition and overall economic conditions, and to a lesser extent our ability to complete future complementary acquisitions. 
 Expand Our Client Footprint in the Latin America 
 We are also focused on growing our client footprint in Latin America and leveraging our local experience and network to capitalize on the region s growth potential. The Latin America region is expected to experience the second strongest growth in digital transformation from 2022 to 2026 with a five year projected compounded annual growth rate of approximately 20 . Our business started in Mexico and we have established experience in the Latin America market since then, and we believe our experience allows us to tailor our offerings and naturally assertively approach our clients in that market. Our 2022 and 2021 revenues from Latin America clients were 36.5 and 34.8 of our total revenue, respectively. 
 Penetrate Existing Clients via Cross-Selling 
 We seek to strengthen our relationships with existing clients by cross-selling additional services. We have a proven track record of expanding our relationship with clients by offering a wide range of complementary services. Our ten largest active clients based on revenue accounted for 108.6 million, or 61.4 , and 103.3 million, or 65.1 , of our total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table shows the active clients concentration from the top client to the top twenty clients, for the periods presented: 
 Percent of Revenue for the Year Ended December 31, Client Concentration 2022 2021 Top client 14.9 13.0 Top five clients 42.9 43.7 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Top ten clients 61.4 65.1 Top twenty clients 78.1 78.9 
 The following table shows the number of our active clients by revenue for the periods presented: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Active Clients by Revenue 2022 2021 Over 5 Million 10 9 2 5 Million 12 7 1 2 Million 11 13 Less than 1 Million 104 162 Total 137 191 
 The decrease in the total number of active clients from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 is mainly related to the completion of smaller customer projects and maintenance engagements in 2021 that were not subsequently renewed as a result of COVID-19 pandemic combined with our gradual efforts, starting during the third quarter of 2022, to de-emphasize non-core projects and to focus on strategic digital projects. 
 We believe we have the opportunity to further cross-sell our clients with additional services that we have enhanced through recent acquisitions. However, our ability to increase sales to existing clients will depend on several factors, including the level of client satisfaction with our services, changes in clients strategic priorities and changes in key client personnel or strategic transactions involving clients, as well as pricing, competition and overall economic conditions. 
 Attract, Train, Retain and Utilize Highly Skilled Employees 
 We believe that attracting, training, retaining and utilizing highly skilled employees with capabilities in next-generation technologies will be key to our success. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,504 employees. We continuously invest in training our employees and offer regular technical and language training, as well as other professional advancement programs. These programs not only help ensure our employees are well trained and knowledgeable, but also help enhance employee retention. 
 Strengthen Onshore and Nearshore Delivery with Diversification in Regions 
 In order to drive digital transformation initiatives for our clients, we believe that we need to be near the regions in which our clients are located and in similar time zones. We have established a strong base for our onshore and nearshore delivery model across Mexico. We also have offices in Argentina, Brazil, Costa Rica and the United States to source diverse talent and be responsive to clients in our core markets. Since January 1, 2018, we have added 4 new offices, including one in the United States (Tampa, Florida) and three in Mexico (one in Mexico City and the other two in Merida and Colima as a result of the acquisitions). From December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, our delivery headcount decreased by 114 employees, or 5.0 , mainly driven by the voluntary and involuntary attrition observed during the first half of 2022. As we continue to grow our relationships, we will expand our delivery centers in other cities in Mexico and other countries in similar time zones, such as Argentina and Costa Rica. While we believe that we currently have sufficient delivery center capacity to address our near-term needs and opportunities, as the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic continues, and with our goal to expand our relationships with existing clients, attract new clients and expand our footprint in the United States, we will need to expand our teams through remote work opportunities and at existing and new delivery centers in nearshore locations with an abundance of technical talent. As we do so, we compete for talented individuals with other companies in our industry and companies in other industries. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Key Business Metrics 
 We regularly monitor several financial and operating metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. Our key non-GAAP and business metrics may be calculated in a different manner than similarly titled metrics used by other companies. See Non-GAAP Measures for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Gross Margin 32.6 29.2 Loss from Operations (in thousands) 
 (12,927) (2,047) Adjusted Operating Income (in thousands) 
 11,400 3,584 Net Loss (in thousands) 
 (20,128) (20,048) Adjusted Net Income (Loss) (in thousands) 
 2,723 (6,415) Adjusted Diluted EPS 0.06 (0.17) Number of large active clients (at or above 1.0 million of revenue in prior 12-month period) as of end of period 33 29 Revenue concentration with top 10 clients 61.4 65.1 
 Gross Margin 
 We monitor gross margin to understand the profitability of the services we provide to our clients. Gross margin is calculated as net revenues for the period minus cost of revenue for the period, divided by net revenues. 
 Adjusted Operating Income 
 We define and calculate Adjusted Operating Income as Loss from operations adjusted to exclude the change in fair value of embedded derivative liability, plus the change in fair value of purchase price obligation, plus the change in fair value of warrant liability, plus equity-based compensation expense, plus impairment charges, plus restructuring expenses, plus (gain) loss on business dispositions, plus (gain) loss on debt extinguishment, plus intangible assets amortization, plus certain transaction costs and other certain operating expense, net. 
 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) 
 We define and calculate Adjusted Net Income (Loss) as Net loss adjusted to exclude the change in fair value of embedded derivative liability, plus the change in fair value of purchase price obligation, plus the change in fair value of warrant liability, plus equity-based compensation expense, plus restructuring expenses, plus (gain) loss on business dispositions, plus foreign exchange (gain) loss, plus loss (gain) on debt extinguishment and debt forgiveness, plus intangible assets amortization, plus certain transaction costs, plus paid in kind interest expenses and amortization of debt issuance cost, premiums, and discounts and certain other expense, net. 
 Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 We define and calculate Adjusted EPS as Adjusted Net Income, divided by the diluted weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. 
 See Non-GAAP Measure s for additional information and a reconciliation of Loss from operations to Adjusted Operating Income and from Net loss to Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Diluted EPS. 
 Number of Large Active Clients 
 We monitor our number of large active clients to better understand our progress in winning large contracts on a period-over-period basis. We define the number of large active clients as the number of active clients from whom we generated more than 1.0 million of revenue in the prior 12-month period. For comparability purposes, we include the clients of the acquired businesses that meet these criteria to properly evaluate total client spending evolution. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Concentration with Top 10 clients 
 We monitor our revenue concentration with top 10 clients to understand our dependence on large clients on a period-over-period basis and to monitor our success in diversifying our revenue base. We define revenue concentration as the percent of our total revenue derived from our ten largest active clients. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Our business is organized into a single reportable segment. The Company's chief operating decision maker is the CEO, who reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, assessing financial performance and allocating resources. 
 Net Revenues 
 Revenue is derived from the several types of integrated solutions we provide to our clients. Revenue is organized by contract type and geographic location. The type of revenue we generate from customers is classified based on: (i) time and materials, and (ii) fixed price contracts. Time and materials are transaction-based, or volume-based contracts based on input method such as labor hours incurred. Fixed price contracts are contracts where price is contractually predetermined. Revenue by geographic location is derived from revenue generated in the United States and Latin America, which includes Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, and Costa Rica. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with our personnel and fees from third-party vendors engaged in the delivery of our services, including: salaries, bonuses, benefits, project related travel costs, software licenses and any other costs that relate directly to the delivery of our services. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit represents net revenues less cost of revenue. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with our sales, marketing, legal, accounting and administrative personnel. Selling, general and administrative expenses also includes legal costs, external professional fees, brand marketing, provision for doubtful accounts, as well as expenses associated with our back-office facilities and office infrastructure, information technology, and other administrative expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization consist of depreciation and amortization expenses related to customer relationships, computer equipment, leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment, and other assets. 
 Change in Fair Value of Purchase Price Obligation 
 Changes in fair value of purchase price obligation consists of changes in estimated fair value of earnout arrangements entered into as part of our business acquisition process. 
 Change in Fair Value of Embedded Derivative Liabilities 
 Changes in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities consists of changes in the fair value of redemption and conversion features embedded within our preferred stock or debt instruments. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 
 Changes in fair value of warrant liability consist of changes to the outstanding private placement warrants assumed upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 Loss on debt extinguishment represents the difference between the net carrying value of the old debt instrument and the fair value of the new debt instrument. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Equity-based Compensation Expense 
 Equity-based compensation expense consists of compensation expenses recognized in connection with equity incentive awards granted to our employees and board members. 
 Restructuring Expenses 
 Restructuring expenses consists of costs associated with business realignment efforts and strategic transformation costs resulting from value creation initiatives following business acquisitions, which primarily relate to severance costs from back-office headcount reductions. 
 Other Operating Expenses, Net 
 Other operating expenses, net consists primarily of acquisition related costs and transaction costs related, including legal, accounting, valuation and investor relations advisors, and compensation consultant fees, as well as other operating expenses. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest incurred in connection with our long-term debt obligations, and amortization of debt issuance costs and/or debt premium/discounts. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net consists of interest income on invested funds, impacts from foreign exchange transactions, gain on disposition of business, gain on loan forgiveness and other expenses. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense represents expenses associated with our operations based on the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our calculation of income tax expense is based on tax rates and tax laws at the end of each applicable reporting period. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations for the presented periods: 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 Net revenues 176,846 158,668 Cost of revenue 119,159 112,303 Gross profit 57,687 46,365 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses 45,786 43,551 Depreciation and amortization 7,025 6,984 Change in fair value of purchase price obligation (2,200) Change in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities (3,337) (4,406) Change in fair value of warrant liability 169 (4,694) Loss on debt extinguishment 9,734 Equity-based compensation expense 5,771 6,481 Restructuring expenses 1,804 911 Other operating expenses, net 3,662 1,785 Total operating expense 70,614 48,412 Loss from operations (12,927) (2,047) Interest expense (12,890) (16,457) Other income (expense), net 7,143 (1,084) Loss before income tax (18,674) (19,588) Income tax expense 1,454 460 Net loss (20,128) (20,048) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 52 22 Net loss attributable to the Company (20,180) (20,070) 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations information expressed as a percentage of net revenues for each respective year presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 Net revenues 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenue 67.4 70.8 Gross profit 32.6 29.2 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses 25.9 27.4 Depreciation and amortization 4.0 4.4 Change in fair value of purchase price obligation (1.4) Change in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities (1.9) (2.8) Change in fair value of warrant liability 0.1 (3.0) Loss on debt extinguishment 5.5 Equity-based compensation expense 3.3 4.1 Restructuring expenses 1.0 0.6 Other operating expenses, net 2.1 1.1 Total operating expense 40.0 30.4 Loss from operations (7.4) (1.2) Interest expense (7.3) (10.4) Other income (expense), net 4.0 (0.7) Loss before income tax (10.7) (12.3) Income tax expense 0.8 0.3 Net loss (11.5) (12.6) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to the Company (11.5) (12.6) 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Net Revenues 176,846 158,668 11.5 
 Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 18.2 million, or 11.5 , to 176.8 million from 158.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increased services, expanded scope in projects with existing clients, and the commencement of new projects with new clients. 
 Net Revenues by Geographic Location 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) United States 112,223 103,436 8.5 Latin America 64,623 55,232 17.0 Total 176,846 158,668 11.5 
 Net revenues from our United States operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 8.8 million, or 8.5 , to 112.2 million from 103.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was mainly driven by an 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 increase 16.2 million revenue generated with existing clients and new projects, offset by a reduction of 7.4 million due to a reduction of scope with legacy projects. 
 Net revenues from our Latin America operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 9.4 million, or 17.0 , to 64.6 million from 55.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was driven by an increase of 11.0 million related to increased scope of work with existing clients, offset by a 1.6 million decrease in revenues from other customers as a result of project scope reductions. 
 Revenues by Contract Type 
 The following table sets forth net revenues by contract type and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Time and materials 125,231 130,603 (4.1) Fixed price 51,615 28,065 83.9 Total 176,846 158,668 11.5 
 Net revenues from our time and materials contracts for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased approximately 5.4 million, or 4.1 , to 125.2 million from 130.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The main driver of the net variation is related to the decrease in service volume with existing and new customers under the time and materials revenue model towards fixed-price engagements. Net revenues from our fixed price contracts for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 23.5 million, or 83.9 , to 51.6 million from 28.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The main driver of the net increase is related to the shift to fixed price core delivery teams with two major clients from the financial services industry in Latin America, combined with additional revenues coming from fixed price engagements with other major existing customers. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue 119,159 112,303 6.1 of net revenues 67.4 70.8 
 Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 6.9 million, or 6.1 , to 119.2 million from 112.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the increase in the scope of work from an existing client and the new scope of work from new clients consistent with our revenue growth from the year ended December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Selling, general and administrative expenses 45,786 43,551 5.1 of net revenues 25.9 27.4 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 2.2 million, or 5.1 , to 45.8 million from 43.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 2.8 million increase in employee costs mostly driven by new hires, the adoption of the guild delivery model, and a change in Mexican labor laws and an increase of 0.8 million of software and rent. This was offset by a reduction of 0.9 million in professional fees and a 0.5 million reduction insurance expense. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Depreciation and amortization 7,025 6,984 0.6 of net revenues 4.0 4.4 
 Depreciation and amortization for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 7.0 million, respectively. 
 Change in fair value of purchase price obligation 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Change in fair value of purchase price obligation (2,200) (100.0) of net revenues (1.4) 
 Change in fair value of purchase price obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted in a gain of 2.2 million. As of December 31, 2021, the obligation now relates to a known and fixed amount due and is no longer a contingent obligation recorded at fair value. There was no change in fair value of purchase price obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Change in fair value of embedded derivative liability 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Change in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities (3,337) (4,406) (24.3) of net revenues (1.9) (2.8) 
 Change in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted in a gain of 4.4 million. The gain was primarily driven by the change in the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of embedded derivative liabilities from February 2, 2021 (inception date) to August 23, 2021. The change in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by a decline in the Company's stock price during from August 10, 2022 (inception date) to December 31, 2022. 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Change in fair value of warrant liability 169 (4,694) (103.6) of net revenues 0.1 (3.0) 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 4.9 million or 103.6 to 0.2 million from (4.7) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The loss was primarily driven by an increase in the 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 market price of our public warrants, changes in the risk-free rate of return and volatility used to estimate the fair value of our warrant liability from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 Loss on debt extinguishment Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Loss on debt extinguishment 9,734 100.0 of net revenues 5.5 
 Loss on debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 9.7 million was due to an amendment signed on March 30, 2022 for the First Lien Facility resulting in a 7.1 million loss offset by the 0.9 million gain on debt extinguishment recognized on May 27, 2022 when the Company extinguished the First Lien Facility. In addition, the loss on debt extinguishment increased due to the amendment signed on August 10, 2022 for the Second Lien Facility resulting in an 11.7 million loss. The Company entered into an amendment for the purchase price obligation on November 15, 2022 resulting in a 0.6 million loss on debt extinguishment. This was offset by a 8.8 million gain on debt extinguishment from the amendment signed on November 18, 2022 for the Second Lien Facility. Refer to Note 9, Long-Term Debt , for further information. 
 Equity-based compensation expense 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Equity-based compensation expense 5,771 6,481 (11.0) of net revenues 3.3 4.1 
 Equity-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 0.7 million, or 11.0 , to 5.8 million from 6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company issued 4,673,681 RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2022 under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. In total, the awards under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan resulted in 5.8 million equity-based compensation expense that was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company granted stock awards covering shares of common stock and accelerated previously granted restricted stock units, which resulted in 6.5 million equity-based compensation expense that was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 18, Equity-based Arrangements , for further information. 
 Restructuring expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Restructuring expenses 1,804 911 98.0 of net revenues 1.0 0.6 
 Restructuring expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 0.9 million, or 98.0 , to 1.8 million from 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to additional organization restructuring activities continued during 2022. Refer to Note 14, Restructuring , for further information. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Other operating expenses, net 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Other operating expense, net 3,662 1,785 105.2 of net revenues 2.1 1.1 
 Other operating expenses, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1.9 million, or 105.2 , to 3.7 million from 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was mainly driven by increased fees for tax audit consultants, legal fees, and executive recruitment costs. 
 Interest expense 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest expense (12,890) (16,457) (21.7) of net revenues (7.3) (10.4) 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 3.6 million, or 21.7 , to 12.9 million from 16.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the reduction in principal debt obligations occurring from September 2021 to December 2022. During the first half of 2021 our outstanding principal debt was larger than the majority of 2022. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Other income (expense), net 7,143 (1,084) (758.9) of net revenues 4.0 (0.7) 
 Other income (expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 8.2 million, or 758.9 , to 7.1 million from (1.1) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was driven by a 2.5 million increase in net foreign currency exchange gains, an increase of the 6.0 million gain related to the PPP loan forgiveness, and offset by an increase of 0.3 million of other (expense). 
 Income tax expense 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Income tax expense 1,454 460 216.1 Effective income tax rate 0.8 0.3 
 Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 1.0 million, or 216.1 , to 1.5 million from 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to an increase of deferred tax expense as a result of book to tax timing differences. 

65 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Measures 
 To supplement our consolidated financial data presented on a basis consistent with U.S. GAAP, we present certain non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Diluted EPS. We have included the non-GAAP financial measures because they are financial measures used by our management to evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital and new investments and are among the factors analyzed in making performance-based compensation decisions for key personnel. The measures exclude certain expenses that are required under U.S. GAAP. We exclude certain non-cash expenses and certain items that are not part of our core operations. 
 We believe this supplemental performance measurement are useful in evaluating operating performance, as they are similar to measures reported by our public industry peers and those regularly used by security analysts, investors and other interested parties in analyzing operating performance and prospects. The non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be a substitute for any GAAP financial measures and, as calculated, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of performance of other companies in other industries or within the same industry. 
 There are significant limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Further, these measures may differ from the non-GAAP information, even where similarly titled, used by other companies and therefore should not be used to compare our performance to that of other companies. We compensate for these limitations by providing investors and other users of our financial information a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures to the related GAAP financial measure. We encourage investors and others to review our financial information in its entirety, not to rely on any single financial measure and to view our non-GAAP measures in conjunction with GAAP financial measures. 
 We define and calculate our non-GAAP financial measures as follows: 
 Adjusted Operating Income : Loss from operations adjusted to exclude the change in fair value of embedded derivative liability, plus the change in fair value of purchase price obligation, plus the change in fair value of warrant liability, plus equity-based compensation expense, plus impairment charges, plus restructuring expense, plus gain (loss) on business depositions, plus loss (gain) on debt extinguishment, plus intangible assets amortization, plus certain transaction costs and certain other operating expense, net. 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of our Adjusted Operating Income to our Loss from operations, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for the annual periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 Loss from operations (12,927) (2,047) Change in fair value of embedded derivative liability (3,337) (4,406) Change in fair value of purchase price obligation (2,200) Change in fair value of warrant liability 169 (4,694) Equity-based compensation expense 5,771 6,481 Restructuring expenses 1 
 1,804 911 Loss on debt extinguishment 9,734 Intangible assets amortization 6,614 6,261 Transaction costs 10 1,334 Other operating expense, net 2 
 3,562 1,944 Adjusted Operating Income 11,400 3,584 
 1 - Represents restructuring expenses associated with the ongoing reorganization of our business operations and realignment efforts. Refer to Note 14, Restructuring , within our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2 - Represents professional service fee primarily comprised of legal fees in connection with tax consulting fees in connection with review advisory and corporate consolidation project assessments, as well as non-recurring recruiting fee. 
 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) : Net loss adjusted to exclude the change in fair value of embedded derivative liability, plus the change in fair value of purchase price obligation, plus the change in fair value of warrant liability, plus equity-based compensation expense, plus impairment charges, plus restructuring expenses, plus (gain) loss on business dispositions, plus foreign exchange (gain) loss, plus loss (gain) on debt extinguishment and debt forgiveness, plus 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 intangible assets amortization, plus certain transaction costs, plus paid in kind interest and amortization of debt issuance cost, premiums, and discounts and certain other expense, net. 
 Adjusted Diluted EPS: Adjusted Net Income (Loss) divided by the diluted weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of our Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Diluted EPS to our Net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for the annual periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 Net loss (20,128) (20,048) Change in fair value of embedded derivative liability (3,337) (4,406) Change in fair value of purchase price obligation (2,200) Change in fair value of warrant liability 169 (4,694) Equity-based compensation expense 5,771 6,481 Restructuring expenses 1,804 911 Foreign exchange (gain) loss 1 
 (593) 1,936 Loss (Gain) on debt extinguishment and debt forgiveness 2,454 (1,306) Intangible assets amortization 6,614 6,261 Transaction costs 10 1,334 Paid in kind interests and amortization of debt issuance cost, premiums, and discounts 5,667 6,847 Other expense, net 2 
 4,292 2,469 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) 2,723 (6,415) Number of shares used in Adjusted Diluted EPS 47,019,741 37,331,820 Adjusted Diluted EPS 0.06 (0.17) 
 1 - Represents foreign exchange loss (gain) due to foreign currency transactions. 
 2 - Represents professional service fees primarily comprised of legal fees as well as other miscellaneous non-operating/non-recurring items. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our main sources of liquidity have been our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and proceeds from issuances of stock and the incurrence of debt. Our main uses of cash are funds to operate our business, make principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt, and capital expenditures. 
 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate. Over the past several years, operating expenses have increased as we have invested in growing our business. Payments of principal and interest on our debt and earnout cash payments following our acquisitions have also been substantial cash outflows. Our operating cash requirements may increase in the future as we continue to invest in the growth of our Company. 
 
 In addition, we have a substantial amount of debt and other obligations. We do not currently have sufficient available cash flows to service our upcoming payment commitments and may not have sufficient cash flows or assets to repay our debt and other obligations in full when due. However, any such event of default related to the April 15, 2023, June 15, 2023, or September 15, 2023 payments under the Blue Torch Credit Facility will not result in Blue Torch s ability to accelerate any indebtedness but additional paid in kind fees will be added to the outstanding principal amount of the Blue Torch Credit Facility term loan. If the Company meets these payments timely, no paid-in-kind fees will be incurred. Provisions of our senior credit agreements also restrict us from paying certain near-term obligations and subordinated indebtedness. We have defaulted on certain financial covenants in our credit agreements and have requested and obtained waivers from our lenders and made significant amendments to our credit agreements to reset those covenants. These waivers and amendments have required us to commit to pay additional fees to our lenders, which in some cases have substantially changed our original debt terms. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Our failure to pay any of these amounts will be a payment default under the terms of those agreements. Defaulting on our near-term obligations to Exitus Capital and Monroe would allow Exitus Capital to accelerate the amounts due under their respective loan or allow Monroe to seek to enforce our obligation to repay the Monroe Deferred Fees. In addition, our failure to pay the indebtedness due to Exitus Capital will be a cross-default under both the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility, but would not allow either of Blue Torch or the Second Lien Lenders to accelerate indebtedness due under their respective loans unless Exitus Capital accelerates the amounts due to it. 
 
 In order to comply with our upcoming payment commitments, we are planning to access different sources of funding, including potentially through issuances of our common stock or other securities, debt financing or refinancing, other commercial arrangements or a combination of such alternatives. To the extent we raise additional capital through the sale of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock, the ownership interests of our existing shareholders will be diluted, perhaps substantially. We also intend to refinance the Blue Torch Credit Facility and are in active discussions with potential lenders regarding this strategy. 
 
 There is no assurance that we will be successful in raising additional funds, refinancing our indebtedness or revising the payment terms of our near-term obligations. If we are unable to obtain sufficient financial resources or revise such payment terms, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as restructuring our indebtedness or selling material assets or operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and February 28, 2023, we had 8.5 million and 3.5 million, respectively, of available cash and cash equivalents. We believe that we will have sufficient financial resources to fund our operations for the next 12 months. In addition, we believe that the plans discussed in the prior paragraph are sufficient to allow us to comply with our upcoming payment commitments. 
 
 We are continuously looking to implement strategies to improve our profitability and reduce expenses. Our ability to generate additional cash flows will be dependent on increasing revenues, securing stronger profit margins, and, as noted above, reducing debt. In order to increase cash flows from operating activities, we are implementing cost reduction initiatives to reduce selling, general, and administrative expenses, in particular reducing overhead in non-revenue production activities. In addition, our investments made to increase our sales team during the past six months are expected to contribute to positive revenue growth and stronger gross margins. 
 
 Debt 
 
 The table below sets forth all principal amounts of our indebtedness and related obligations as of February 28, 2023 and upcoming principal payments within the next 12 months. 
 
 2023 Principal Payment Due Dates and Amounts (excluding interest) Obligation at February 28, 2023 March 31 April 15 May 25 June 15 July 27 Sept 15 Nov 15 Dec 31 Equity Settlement Blue Torch Credit Facility (a) 
 63.5 15.0 5.0 5.0 0.7 N/A Second Lien Facility (b) 
 19.4 8.6 Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt (c) 
 1.6 1.6 (c) AGS Subordinated Promissory Note (c) 
 0.8 0.8 (c) Other 0.2 N/A Monroe Deferred Fees (c) 
 3.5 3.5 (c) Purchase Price Obligation Note Payable (d) 
 10.2 2.4 2.4 
 (a) Defaults on the April 15, 2023, June 15, 2023, or September 15, 2023, payments will result in additional paid in kind fees of 4.0 million, 2.0 million and 3.0 million, respectively. However, any such events of default will not result in Blue Torch s ability to accelerate any indebtedness. Amount outstanding at February 28, 2023 does not include an additional paid in kind fee of 0.5 million added to the term loan as of March 9, 2023. 
 (b) As of February 28, 2023 Credit Suisse represented 10.8 million of the Second Lien Facility. Credit Suisse may convert their outstanding loans, interest, and fees into the Company s common stock to the closing price of one share of our common stock on the trading day immediately prior to the conversion date, subject to a floor price of 4.64 per share. As of February 28, 2023 Nexxus Capital represented 8.6 million of the Second Lien Facility. Nexxus Capital will convert their outstanding loans, interest, and fees into the Company s common stock at 4.64 per share upon maturity, June 15, 2023. 
 (c) On December 29, 2021, the Company issued common stock to Monroe as collateral for the outstanding deferred fees. On February 10, 2023, the Company issued common stock to Exitus Capital and AGS Group as collateral for the outstanding principal and interest. Each of Monroe, Exitus Capital and AGS Group may sell those shares and apply 100 of the net proceeds therefrom to repay our obligations. If the net proceeds from sales of the shares exceed the obligations owed by the Company, the relevant party shall remit such excess cash proceeds to the Company. Upon payment in full of the respective obligation in cash by us or through sales of the shares, the relevant party shall return any of the unsold shares to us. 
 (d) As of February 28, 2023 AN Extend represented 2.4 million of the purchase price obligation note payable. If AN Extend is not paid in full prior to the maturity date, November 15, 2023, the total amount of principal and the interest will be converted within the following 30 calendar days counted from the maturity date with shares of common stock, taking as value of the shares the value resulting from using the Volume Weighted Moving Average Price. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility restrict our ability to make payments on outstanding obligations, including the Monroe Deferred Fees and the indebtedness due to Exitus Capital and AGS Group, unless we satisfy certain financial covenants and there is no event of default that has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 The following paragraphs further summarize the material terms of our indebtedness and related payment obligations. See also Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital for additional information. For additional information, see Note 9, Long-term Debt , to our consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Blue Torch Credit Facility 
 
 On May 27, 2022, the Company entered into a financing agreement ("Blue Torch Credit Facility") by and among the Company, AN Global LLC, certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors (the Guarantors ), the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Blue Torch Finance LLC Blue Torch ), as the administrative agent and collateral agent. The Blue Torch Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the Company s and the Guarantors properties and assets and provides for a term loan of 55.0 million and a revolving credit facility with an aggregate principal limit not to exceed 3.0 million at any time outstanding, both of which were fully drawn as of June 28, 2022. We used approximately 40.2 million from the Blue Torch financing agreement to refinance the outstanding principal, interest, and a portion of the 6.9 million deferred fees related amendments on our Prior First Lien Credit Facility. The remaining 14.8 million from the Blue Torch Credit Facility was used to pay approximately 9.0 million of certain past-due accounts and approximately 5.8 million was used for operations and general corporate purposes. 
 
 The Company entered into a waiver and amendment on August 10, 2022 and an amendment on November 1, 2022, in each case to provide for an extension to satisfy certain post-closing obligations under the Blue Torch Credit Facility. The Company recognized 0.6 million in debt issuance costs related to the August waiver and amendment. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in default under the permitted factoring disposition and leverage ratio covenants. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company was also in default under the leverage ratio, liquidity, aged accounts payable, permitted payments and other covenants under the Blue Torch Credit Facility. As a result of such defaults, the Company entered into a waiver and amendment on March 7, 2023 Amendment No.4 to revise significant terms of the Blue Torch Credit Facility as set forth below. 
 
 Pursuant to Amendment No.4, the Company agreed to pay approximately 34.0 million of our total indebtedness and related obligations in 2023, including principal payments of 15.0 million by April 15, 2023, 20.0 million by June 15, 2023 (inclusive of the 15.0 million by April 15, 2023 if not paid by then) and 25.0 million by September 15, 2023 (inclusive of the 20.0 million by June 15, 2023 if not paid by then) to the Blue Torch Lenders. Thereafter, the Company will make quarterly payments on the term loan of approximately 0.7 million starting December 31, 2023. The amendment also revised the maturity date of the Blue Torch Credit Facility from May 27, 2026 to January 1, 2025 and revised the interest provisions to remove the step-down in interest rate based on the Company s total leverage ratio. Interest is paid quarterly for both loans, and is calculated based on the Adjusted Term SOFR (the three-month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, plus 0.26161 plus a margin of 9.0 annually. Interest on each loan is payable on the last day of the then effective interest period applicable to such loan and at maturity. The revolving credit facility will bear a 2.0 annual usage fee on any undrawn portion of the facility. In connection with Amendment No.4, the Company agreed to pay the administrative agent a fee equal to 6.0 million, which was paid in kind by adding such capitalized amount to the outstanding principal of the term loan. In addition, if the Company fails to repay the respective aggregate principal amounts on or prior to April 15, 2023, June 15, 2023 and September 15, 2023, a failed payment fee equal to 4.0 million, 2.0 million and 3.0 million respectively will be paid in kind by adding such fee to the outstanding principal of the term loan. If we meet these payments when due then no fee will be incurred. Failure to make these payments would constitute an event of default but will not result in the ability of the administrative agent to accelerate indebtedness under the Blue Torch Facility. Amendment No. 4 also required the Company to engage both a financial advisor to support the Company s capital raising needs and an operational advisor to conduct a formal assessment of the Company s financial performance, in both cases on terms reasonable acceptable to Blue Torch. 
 
 Lastly, Amendment No.4 granted a waiver for the covenant breaches and reset the covenant requirements for future periods. 
 
 The covenants were amended as follows: 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue. Requires the Company's trailing annual aggregate revenue to exceed 150.0 million as of the end of each computation period as described below. No changes to this covenant were made as a result of this amendment. 
 
 Computation Period Ending Revenue December 31, 2022 150,000,000 March 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 150,000,000 
 
 Liquidity. Prior to Amendment No.4, the Blue Torch Credit Facility required the Company's liquidity to be above 5.0 million at any time during the effective duration of the agreement. As a result of Amendment No.4, the Company is required to maintain liquidity above 1.0 million through March 24, 2023, above 2.0 million through April 15, 2023, and above 7.0 million at any time thereafter. Liquidity is defined as the remaining capacity under the Blue Torch Credit Facility plus the total unrestricted cash on hand. 
 
 Leverage Ratio. The Leverage Ratio applies to the consolidated group and is determined in accordance with US GAAP. Prior to Amendment No. 4, it was calculated as of the last day of each quarterly computation period as the ratio of (a) total debt (as defined in the Blue Torch Facility) to (b) EBITDA for the computation period ending on such day. The following tables represent our leverage ratio covenant requirements as of each computation period before and after the effective date of Amendment No. 4. A computation period is any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below. 
 
 Prior to amendment 
 
 Computation Period Ending Leverage Ratio December 31, 2022 4.00:1.00 March 31, 2023 3.75:1.00 June 30, 2023 and each quarter ending thereafter 3.50:1.00 
 
 Following the amendment 
 
 Computation Period Ending Leverage Ratio March 31, 2023 6.38:1.00 April 30, 2023 6.60:1.00 May 31, 2023 6.20:1.00 June 30, 2023 6.00:1.00 July 31, 2023 5.28:1.00 August 31, 2023 4.51:1.00 September 30, 2023 4.12:1.00 October 31, 2023 3.50:1.00 November 30, 2023 3.14:1.00 December 31, 2023 4.63:1.00 January 31, 2024 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 3.50:1.00 
 
 EBITDA. Following the effective date of Amendment No.4, if the Company fails to make the 15.0 million payment and related obligations by April 15, 2023, the Company will be subjected to a consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA covenant requirement. The Company will be required to maintain a 12-month trailing EBITDA of at least the following for each fiscal month end. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Computation Period Ending EBITDA March 31, 2023 9,953,000 April 30, 2023 9,627,000 May 31, 2023 10,238,000 June 30, 2023 10,607,000 July 31, 2023 12,023,000 August 31, 2023 14,055,000 September 30, 2023 15,415,000 October 31, 2023 18,117,000 November 30, 2023 20,224,000 December 31, 2023 and each fiscal month end thereafter 13,707,000 
 
 Second Lien Facility 
 
 On November 22, 2021, the Company entered into a Second Lien Facility (the Second Lien Facility with Credit Suisse and Nexxus Capital (both of which are existing AgileThought shareholders and have representation on AgileThought s Board of Directors), Manuel Senderos, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Kevin Johnston, Global Chief Operating Officer (the Second Lien Lenders ). The Second Lien Facility provides for a term loan facility, with Tranches for each of the Second Lien Lenders, in an initial aggregate principal amount of approximately 20.7 million, accruing paid in kind interest at a rate per annum from 11.00 for the US denominated loan and 17.41 for the Mexican Peso denominated Loan. The Second Lien Facility had an original maturity date of March 15, 2023 and an original conversion price of 10.19 per share, both of which were subsequently amended as described below. The Company recognized 0.9 million in debt issuance costs in connection with the execution of the Second Lien Facility. 
 
 On August 10, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Second Lien Facility to extend the maturity date of the Credit Suisse, Senderos and Johnston loans to September 15, 2026, and provide for potential increases, that step up over time from one percent to five percent, in the interest rate applicable to the Credit Suisse loans. The amendment also extends the maturity date of the Nexxus Capital loans to June 15, 2023 and provides for the mandatory conversion of the Nexxus Capital loans thereunder, including interest and fees, into common stock of the Company upon the maturity at a conversion price equal to 4.64 per share. The amendment also provided for the covenants and certain other provisions of the Second Lien Facility to be consistent with those in the Blue Torch Credit Facility (and in certain cases for those covenants to be made less restrictive than those in the Blue Torch Credit Facility). This amendment was determined to substantially alter the Second Lien Facility such that extinguishment accounting would be applied. The Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of 11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2022. As part of the reassessment of the Second Lien Facility, the Company bifurcated the conversion option on the Mexican peso-dominated loans and recognized an embedded derivative liability of 9.0 million as of the amendment date. See Note 4, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information. 
 
 On November 18, 2022, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Credit Suisse to modify the conversion price at which the Credit Suisse lenders may convert their outstanding loans, interest, and fees common stock of the Company to the closing price of one share of our common stock on the trading day immediately prior to the conversion date, subject to a floor price of 4.64 per share. This amendment was determined to substantially alter the Credit Suisse portion of the Second Lien Facility such that extinguishment accounting was applied. The Company recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of 8.8 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022. The total loss on debt extinguishment related to the Second Lien Facility was 2.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Each Second Lien Lender has the option to convert all or any portion of its outstanding loans, interest and fees into common stock of the Company at any time at the respective conversion prices. On December 27, 2021, Manuel Senderos and Kevin Johnston exercised the conversion options for their respective principal amounts of 4.5 million and 0.2 million, respectively, at the original conversion price of 10.19 per share. See Note 16, Stockholders Equity , for additional information. As noted above, on June 15, 2023, the outstanding principal, interest and fees related to the Nexxus Capital loans will convert into common stock of the Company at the conversion price of 4.64 per share. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal, interest and fees related to the Nexxus Capital loans was 8.6 million. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 On March 7, 2023, in connection with Amendment No. 4 to the Blue Torch Credit Facility, the Company entered into a sixth amendment to the Second Lien Facility Amendment No. 6 ). Amendment No. 6 revised the maturity date of the Credit Suisse loans from September 15, 2026 to July 1, 2025. Amendment No. 6 also provided for the covenants and certain other provisions of the Second Lien Facility to be consistent with those in the Blue Torch Credit Facility, as amended by Amendment No. 4, except as set forth below: 
 
 Revenue. Requires the Company's trailing annual aggregate revenue to exceed 120.0 million as of the end of each computation period as described below. Prior to Amendment No.6, the revenue was required to exceed 130.0 million for the same periods listed below. 
 
 Computation Period Ending Revenue December 31, 2022 120,000,000 March 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 120,000,000 
 
 Liquidity. Prior to Amendment No. 6, the Second Lien Facility required the Company's liquidity to be above 3.0 million at any time during the effective duration of the agreement. Following Amendment No. 6, we are required to maintain liquidity (i) above 0.8 million at any time on or prior to March 24, 2023, (ii) above 1.6 million at any time from March 24, 2023 to April 15, 2023, (iii) and above 5.6 million after April 15, 2023 thereafter. Liquidity is defined as the remaining capacity under the Second Lien Facility plus the total unrestricted cash on hand. 
 
 Leverage Ratio. The Leverage Ratio applies to the consolidated group and is determined in accordance with US GAAP. Prior to Amendment No. 6, it is calculated as of the last day of each quarterly computation period as the ratio of (a) total debt (as defined in the Second Lien Facility) to (b) EBITDA for the computation period ending on such day. The following tables represent our leverage ratio covenant requirements as of each computation period before and after the effective date of Amendment No.6. A computation period is any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below. 
 
 Prior to amendment 
 
 Computation Period Ending Leverage Ratio December 31, 2022 4.80:1.00 March 31, 2023 4.50:1.00 June 30, 2023 and each quarter ending thereafter 4.20:1.00 
 
 Following the amendment 
 
 Computation Period Ending Leverage Ratio March 31, 2023 7.65:1.00 April 30, 2023 7.92:1.00 May 31, 2023 7.44:1.00 June 30, 2023 7.20:1.00 July 31, 2023 6.34:1.00 August 31, 2023 5.41:1.00 September 30, 2023 4.94:1.00 October 31, 2023 4.20:1.00 November 30, 2023 3.77:1.00 December 31, 2023 5.56:1.00 January 31, 2024 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter 4.20:1.00 
 
 EBITDA. Following the effective date of Amendment No. 6, if the Company fails to make the 15.0 million payment and related obligations to Blue Torch by April 15, 2023, the Company will be subjected to a consolidated earnings before 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA covenant requirement. The Company will be required to maintain a 12-month trailing EBITDA of at least the following for each fiscal month end. 
 Computation Period Ending EBITDA March 31, 2023 7,962,400 April 30, 2023 7,701,600 May 31, 2023 8,190,400 June 30, 2023 8,485,600 July 31, 2023 9,618,400 August 31, 2023 11,244,000 September 30, 2023 12,332,000 October 31, 2023 14,493,600 November 30, 2023 16,179,200 December 31, 2023 and each fiscal month end thereafter 10,965,600 
 
 AGS Subordinated Promissory Note 
 
 On June 24, 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement with AGS Group LLC AGS Group for a principal amount of 0.7 million (the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note ). The principal amount outstanding under the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note matured on December 20, 2021 Original Maturity Date but was extended multiple times until March 31, 2023 Extended Maturity Date ). Interest is due and payable in arrears on the Original Maturity Date at a 14.0 per annum until and including December 20, 2021 and at 20 per annum from the Original Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date calculated on the actual number of days elapsed. In connection with an extension of the maturity date on January 31, 2023, the Company also agreed to issue shares of common stock with a value of approximately 1.8 million, equal to approximately two times the then outstanding principal and interest of the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note. We issued 414,367 shares on February 10, 2023 that are intended to serve as collateral. Upon the earlier of the Extended Maturity Date or an event of default, AGS Group may sell those shares and apply 100 of the net proceeds therefrom to repay the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note. If the net proceeds from sales of the shares exceed the indebtedness owed by the Company, AGS Group shall remit such excess cash proceeds to the Company. Upon payment in full of the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note in cash by us or through sales of the shares by AGS Group, AGS Group shall return any of the unsold shares to us. 
 
 Under the terms of the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility, we may only repay the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note with the proceeds of an equity issuance, and then only if our total leverage ratio is 2.50 to 1.00 or less and we are in compliance with all financial covenants and no event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility. We do not expect to satisfy these conditions on or before the Extended Maturity Date and have entered into a letter agreement with AGS Group to provide that our failure to pay such indebtedness will not be deemed an event of default. We plan to further extend the maturity date or substitute the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note as may be permitted under the Blue Torch Credit Facility or the Second Lien Facility. Any such agreements could be subject to the prior consent of Blue Torch and the Second Lien Lenders. 
 
 Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt 
 
 On July 26, 2021, the Company agreed with existing lenders and Exitus Capital , S.A.P.I. de C.V., SOFOM, E.N.R. Exitus Capital to enter into a zero-coupon subordinated loan agreement with Exitus Capital in an aggregate principal amount equal to 3.7 million (the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt ). Net loan proceeds totaled 3.2 million, net of 0.5 million in debt discount. No periodic interest payments are currently required and the loan was due on January 26, 2022, but was extended for three additional six month terms until July 27, 2023. With respect to each six month extension, the Company recognized approximately 0.4 million to 0.5 million in debt issuance costs. The loan is subject to a 36 annual interest moratorium if full payment is not made upon the maturity date. In addition, the Company paid approximately 1.1 million of the principal amount of the loan on January 27, 2023, plus a fee of approximately 0.5 million. On February 27, 2023 the Company paid an addition 1.0 million of the principal amount of the loan. The remaining principal amount of approximately 1.6 million will be due and payable on the new maturity date of July 27, 2023. 
 
 In addition, on January 31, 2023, the Company agreed to issue shares of Class A Common Stock with a value of approximately 5.2 million, equal to approximately two times the then outstanding principal and interest of the Exitus 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Subordinated Debt. We issued 1,207,712 shares on February 10, 2023 that are intended to serve as collateral. The Company is obligated to issue additional shares to Exitus Capital from time to time if the value of the shares held by them is less two times than the outstanding principal amount of the loan. Upon the earlier of the July 27, 2023 or an event of default, Exitus Capital may sell those shares and apply 100 of the net proceeds therefrom to repay the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt. If the net proceeds from sales of the shares exceed the indebtedness owed by the Company, Exitus Capital shall remit such excess cash proceeds to the Company. Upon payment in full of the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt in cash by us or through sales of the shares by Exitus Capital, Exitus Capital shall return any of the unsold shares to us. 
 
 Under the terms of the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility, we may only repay the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt if we have repaid Blue Torch 15.0 million and 5.0 million by April 15, 2023 and June 15, 2023, respectively. If we are unable to satisfy these conditions, the Company plans to further extend the maturity date or substitute the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt as may be permitted under the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility. Any such modifications are also subject to the prior consent of Blue Torch and the Second Lien Lenders. Our failure to pay the indebtedness due to Exitus Capital will be a payment default under its terms, which would allow Exitus Capital to accelerate the indebtedness. In addition, our failure to pay Exitus Capital will be a cross-default under both the Blue Torch Credit Facility and Second Lien Facility, but would not allow either of the Blue Torch or Second Lien Lenders to accelerate indebtedness due under their respective loans unless Exitus Capital accelerates the amounts due to it. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loans 
 
 On April 30, 2020 and May 1, 2020, the Company received Paycheck Protection Program Loans PPP Loans through four of its subsidiaries for a total amount of 9.3 million. The PPP loans bear a fixed interest rate of 1 over a two-year term, are guaranteed by the United States federal government, and do not require collateral. The loans may be forgiven, in part or whole, if the proceeds are used to retain and pay employees and for other qualifying expenditures. The Company submitted its forgiveness applications to the Small Business Administration SBA between November 2020 and January 2021. The monthly repayment terms were established in the notification letters with the amount of loan forgiveness. On December 25, 2020, 0.1 million of a 0.2 million PPP loan was forgiven. On March 9, 2021, 0.1 million of a 0.3 million PPP loan was forgiven. On June 13, 2021, 1.2 million of a 1.2 million PPP loan was forgiven. On January 19, 2022, 7.3 million of a 7.6 million PPP loan was forgiven resulting in a remaining PPP Loan balance of 0.3 million of which 0.1 million is due within the next year. The remaining payments will be made quarterly until May 2, 2025. All loan forgiveness was recognized in Other income (expense), net of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Prior First Lien Facility 
 
 In 2018, the Company entered into a credit agreement with Monroe Capital Management Advisors LLC, or Monroe, as administrative agent and the financial institutions listed therein, as lenders (the Prior First Lien Facility ). The Prior First Lien Facility provided for a 5.0 million revolving credit facility and 98.0 million term loan facility. We repaid approximately 68.9 million under the Monroe credit agreement during the year ended 2021, primarily using 20.0 million of proceeds from an offering of preferred stock, 20.0 million of proceeds from the Second Lien Facility, 13.7 million of proceeds from an offering of common Stock and 4.3 million received in connection with the closing of the business combination. 
 
 The remaining deferred fees of 3.5 million are due to Monroe on May 25, 2023 (the Monroe Deferred Fees ). An affiliate of Monroe holds 2,016,129 shares of our common Stock and may sell those shares and apply 100 of the net proceeds therefrom to repay the Monroe Deferred Fees. If the net proceeds from sales of the shares exceed the Monroe Deferred Fees owed by the Company, the affiliate shall remit such excess cash proceeds to the Company. Upon payment in full of the Monroe Deferred Fees in cash by us or through sales of the shares by Monroe s affiliate, the affiliate shall return any of the unsold shares to us. 
 
 Under the terms of the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility, we may only repay the Monroe Deferred Fees only if our total leverage ratio is 3.00 to 1.00 or less or 3.20 to 1.00 or less respectively, and we are in compliance with all financial covenants and no event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility. If we are unable to satisfy these conditions, we will be unable to pay the Monroe Deferred Fees when due on May 25, 2023. Although Monroe may sell the Monroe Supporting Shares to repay the Monroe Deferred Fees, there is no assurance that they will be able to do so or that they will not enforce our obligation to repay the Monroe Deferred Fees. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, we are required to issue a warrant to Monroe to purchase 7.0 million of our common stock for nominal consideration. We may be required to pay Monroe cash to the extent that we cannot issue some or all of the warrants due to regulatory restrictions. 
 Prior Second Lien Facility 
 On July 18, 2019, the Company entered into separate credit agreements with Nexxus Capital and Credit Suisse the Creditors and borrowed 12.5 million from each bearing 13.73 interest. On January 31, 2020, the agreements were amended to increase the borrowing amount by 2.05 million under each agreement. Interest was capitalized every six months and payable upon maturity. Immediately prior to the Business Combination in August 2021, the Creditors exercised their option to convert their combined 38.1 million of debt outstanding (including interest) into 115,923 shares of the Company's Class A ordinary shares, which were converted into the Company's common stock as a result of the Business Combination. Concurrently with the conversion, the Company amortized the remaining 0.1 million of unamortized debt issuance costs and recognized incremental interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 For additional information, see Note 9, Long-term Debt , to our consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Earnout Obligations 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding cash earnouts were 10.2 million and 8.8 million, respectively. Outstanding balance accrues interest at an annual interest rate of 12 . The balance shown at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 includes the related accrued interest. As of December 31, 2022, the earnout obligation is related to two prior acquisitions of AN Extend and AgileThought LLC with a total liability of 2.4 million and 7.8 million respectively. The AN Extend and AgileThought LLC obligation accrues interest at a rate of 11 and 12 respectively. The contingent earnout liability accrued is measured to fair value by an independent third-party expert. In order for the Company to make payments for its contingent purchase price obligations, in addition to having sufficient cash resources to make the payments themselves, the Company must be in pro forma compliance after giving effect to the earnout payments with liquidity and other financial and other covenants included in the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility. The Company has not been able to satisfy those covenants to date in connection with the accrued earnout payments. Whether the Company is able to satisfy those covenants will depend on the Company s overall operating and financial performance. 
 On November 15, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to change terms of the AN Extend portion of the purchase price obligation note payable. The amendment converted the note from Mexican pesos to U.S. dollars with capitalized interest added, set the applicable interest to 11 annually, set a maturity date of November 15, 2023. If the note is not paid in full prior to the maturity date, the total amount of principal and the interest will be converted within the following 30 calendar days counted from the date of the maturity date with shares of common stock, taking as value of the shares the value resulting from using the Volume Weighted Moving Average Price. 
 There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand or access to borrowed funds to be able to make any contingent purchase price payments when required to do so, and any failure to do so at such time could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (8,292) (23,223) Net cash used in investing activities (1,018) (916) Net cash provided by financing activities 9,485 23,551 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by approximately 14.9 million to 8.3 million from 23.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly driven by changes in 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 our operating assets and liabilities which increased 7.6 million on a year over year basis, an increase of 7.4 million in non-cash items, offset by an increase of 0.1 million in net loss. 
 The increase of 7.6 million resulting from changes in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by (i) a decrease of 13.4 million in accounts receivable, (ii) a decrease 5.2 million in prepaid expenses, other current assets, and other noncurrent assets, (iii) an increase of approximately 3.8 million in accrued liabilities, (iv) an increase of 0.4 million of deferred revenue, (v) a decrease of 0.2 million in current VAT receivables and other taxes payable, and (vi) and an increase of 0.1 million in income tax payable partially offset by (i) a decrease of 13.6 million in accounts payable and (ii) a 1.9 million decrease in the lease liability. 
 The increase of 7.4 million in non-cash items was driven by (i) a 9.7 million loss on extinguishment of debt, (ii) the increase of 1.1 million from the fair value of embedded derivative liabilities, (iii) the increase of 2.3 million from the change in obligations for contingent purchase price, (iv) the increase of 4.9 million of changes in fair value of warrant liability, and (v) the increase of 1.0 million in deferred income tax provision, and partially offset by (i) the decrease of 0.7 million of share-based compensation, (ii) the decrease of 0.1 million in amortization of right-of-use assets, (iii) the decrease of 2.5 million in foreign currency remeasurement, (iv) the decrease of 6.0 million gain on forgiveness of debt, (v) the decrease of 0.4 million in accretion on convertible notes, (vi) the decrease of 1.3 million in bad debt expense, and (vii) the decrease of 0.6 million in amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 0.1 million to 1.0 million from 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of a decrease in capital expenditures. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 14.1 million to 9.5 million from 23.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net cash provided was primarily driven by (i) a decrease in proceeds from 27.6 million of PIPE financing, (ii) a decrease in 25.7 million decrease in capital contributions, (iii) an increase of 8.7 million for cash paid for debt issuance costs, (iv) an increase of 0.6 million of tax withholding for equity-based compensation, (v) an increase of 0.1 million in finance lease payments, and (vi) a decrease of 24.9 million from the 2021 follow on issuance offset by (i) a 33.5 million increase in proceeds from loans (ii) a decrease in repayment of borrowings of 23.9 million (iii) a decrease in PIPE transaction costs of 13.0 million, and (iv) a decrease of 3.1 million in transaction costs for the follow on share issuance. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 Payments Due By Period (in thousands USD) Total Less than 1 Year 1 
 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Debt and Note Payable obligations 1 
 95,711 44,599 51,068 44 Lease obligations 6,818 2,746 4,072 Total 102,529 47,345 55,140 44 
 1 Excludes 6.0 million in capitalized fees from the amendment entered into with Blue Torch on February 28, 2023 and 0.1 million in capitalized interest on the Subordinated Promissory note from the amendment entered into on January 31, 2023. 
 The commitment amounts in the table above are associated with contracts that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the actions under the contracts. The table does not include obligations under agreements that we can cancel without a significant penalty. 
 For additional information on our debt and lease obligations, see Note 9, Long-term Debt and Note 8 , Leases in our audited consolidated financial statements. See also Management's Discussion and Analysis - Liquidity and Capital Resources , Debt . 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies 
 We believe that the following accounting policies involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of our operations. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our other significant accounting policies. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in those financial statements and accompanying notes. Although we believe that the estimates we use are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results reported in future periods could differ from those estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Account Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
 Revenue is recognized when or as control of promised products or services are transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. In instances where revenue is recognized over time, the Company uses an appropriate input or output measurement method, typically based on the contract or labor volume. 
 The Company applies judgment in determining the customer s ability and intention to pay based on a variety of factors, including the customer s historical payment experience. If there is uncertainty about the receipt of payment for the services, revenue recognition is deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved. Our payment terms are based on customary business practices and can vary by region and customer type, but are generally 30-90 days. Since the term between satisfaction of the performance obligation and payment receipt is less than a year, we do not adjust the transaction price for the effects of a financing component. 
 The Company may enter into arrangements that consist of any combination of our deliverables. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised deliverables, the Company determines whether promised deliverables are distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met, the promised deliverables are accounted for as a single performance obligation. For arrangements with multiple distinct performance obligations, we allocate consideration among the performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling price. The standalone selling price is the price at which we would sell a promised good or service on an individual basis to a customer. When not directly observable, the Company generally estimates standalone selling price by using the expected cost plus a margin approach. The Company reassesses these estimates on a periodic basis or when facts and circumstances change. 
 Revenues related to software maintenance services are recognized over the period the services are provided using an output method that is consistent with the way in which value is delivered to the customer, generally straight lined on a monthly basis over the period of the contract term. 
 Revenues related to cloud hosting solutions, which include a combination of services including hosting and support services, and do not convey a license to the customer, are recognized over the period as the services are provided. These arrangements represent a single performance obligation. 
 Revenues related to consulting services (time-and-materials), transaction-based or volume-based contracts are recognized over the period the services are provided using an input method such as labor hours incurred. Revenues related to fixed fee consulting services are recognized as services are performed using a time elapsed measure of progress. Both time and materials and fixed fee consulting contracts have hourly rates defined based on the experience of personnel selected to perform the service. For fixed fee contracts, the fixed fee generally remains constant for the contracted project period unless the customer directs a change in scope of project work or requests additional personnel. 
 The Company may enter into arrangements with third party suppliers to resell products or services, such as software licenses and hosting services. In such cases, the Company evaluates whether the Company is the principal (i.e., report revenues on a gross basis) or agent (i.e., report revenues on a net basis). In doing so, the Company first evaluates whether it controls the good or service before it is transferred to the customer. In instances where the Company controls the good or service before it is transferred to the customer, the Company is the principal; otherwise, the Company is the agent. Determining whether we control the good or service before it is transferred to the customer may require judgment. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Some of our service arrangements are subject to customer acceptance clauses. In these instances, the Company must determine whether the customer acceptance clause is substantive. This determination depends on whether the Company can independently confirm the product meets the contractually agreed-upon specifications or if the contract requires customer review and approval. When a customer acceptance is considered substantive, the Company does not recognize revenue until customer acceptance is obtained. 
 Client contracts sometimes include incentive payments received for discrete benefits delivered to clients or service level agreements and volume rebates that could result in credits or refunds to the client. Such amounts are estimated at contract inception and are adjusted at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. 
 Equity-Based Compensation 
 We recognize and measure compensation expense for all equity-based awards based on the grant date fair value. 
 For restricted stock units RSUs ), the Company issues awards that vest upon a service condition or market condition. Service condition awards are valued using the grant date stock price and is ratably amortized over the service period of the award. The market condition awards vest if the volume-weighted average stock price reaches the specified stock price during the specified period. The fair value of the market condition awards is determined by using a Monte Carlo simulation to model the expected amount of time to reach the specified stock price. The derived length of time is also used to amortize the total value of the awards. 
 
 For performance share units ("PSUs"), the amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related performance conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognized is based on the number of awards that meet the related performance conditions at the vesting date. Vesting is tied to performance conditions that include the achievement of EBITDA-based metrics and/or the occurrence of a liquidity event. 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, the Company determined the fair value of shares by using an income approach, specifically a discounted cash flow method, and in consideration of a number of objective and subjective factors, including the Company s actual operating and financial performance, expectations of future performance, market conditions and liquidation events, among other factors. Following the closing of the Business Combination, the grant date fair value is determined based on the fair market value of the Company s shares on the grant date of such awards. 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, since the Company s shares were not publicly traded and its shares were rarely traded privately, expected volatility is estimated based on the average historical volatility of similar entities with publicly traded shares. Determining the fair value of equity-based awards requires estimates and assumptions, including estimates of the period the awards will be outstanding before they are exercised and future volatility in the price of our common shares. We periodically assess the reasonableness of our assumptions and update our estimates as required. If actual results differ significantly from our estimates, equity-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be materially affected. The Company s accounting policy is to account for forfeitures of employee awards as they occur. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . 
 
 For warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are recorded as liabilities. At the end of each reporting period, changes in fair value during the period are recognized as a component of results of operations. The Company will continue to adjust the warrant liability for changes in the fair value until the earlier of a) the exercise or expiration of the warrants or b) the redemption of the warrants. 
 
 Our public warrants meet the criteria for equity classification and accordingly, are reported as a component of stockholders equity while our private warrants do not meet the criteria for equity classification and are thus classified as a liability. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill represents the cost of acquired businesses in excess of the fair value of identifiable tangible and intangible net assets purchased and is allocated to a reporting unit when the acquired business is integrated into the Company. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually on October 1st. The Company will also perform an assessment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a reporting unit may be more than its recoverable amount. Under FASB guidance, management may first assess certain qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. 
 
 When needed, the Company performs a quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment if it determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. In the quantitative test, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit with the respective carrying value. Management uses a combined income and public company market approach to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 
 This analysis requires significant assumptions, such as estimated future cash flows, long-term growth rate estimates, weighted average cost of capital, and market multiples. For the Rest of the World ROW reporting unit, the analysis further applies additional estimated risk premiums related to forecast volatility and country risk to the discount rate. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not applicable. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 81 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 85 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 86 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 87 to 120 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 AgileThought, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AgileThought, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 AgileThought, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, (in thousands USD, except share data) 
 2022 2021 Assets 
 Current assets: 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Current VAT receivables 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 Finite-lived intangible assets, net 
 Operating lease right of use assets, net 
 Other noncurrent assets 
 Total noncurrent assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Income taxes payable 
 Other taxes payable 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Deferred revenue 
 Purchase price obligation note payable Current portion of long-term debt and financing obligations Embedded derivative liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt and financing obligations, net of current portion Deferred tax liabilities, net 
 Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 Warrant liability Other noncurrent liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies Note 19 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Class A shares par value, shares authorized, and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Treasury stock, and shares at cost as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively 
 ) Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity attributable to the Company 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 AgileThought, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year ended December 31, 
 (in thousands USD, except share data) 2022 2021 Net revenues Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Change in fair value of purchase price obligation ) Change in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) Loss on debt extinguishment Equity-based compensation expense Restructuring expenses Other operating expenses, net Total operating expense Loss from operations ) ) Interest expense ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Loss before income tax ) ) Income tax expense Net loss ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to the Company ) ) Loss per share Note 17 ): 
 Basic ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) Weighted average number of shares: Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 AgileThought, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

Year ended December 31, 
 (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Actuarial loss Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 AgileThought, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Total Stockholders' Equity (in thousands USD, except share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Issuance of common stock in offering, net of transaction cost of million 
 Conversion of convertible debt to common stock Issuance of common stock due to closing of Business Combination, net of transaction costs of million 
 Issuance of common stock to First Lien Facility administrative agent ) Equity-based compensation Employee withholding taxes paid related to net share settlements ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive expense Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Redemption of public warrants First Lien Facility administrative agent ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) Equity-based compensation Employee withholding taxes paid related to net share settlements ) ) Other comprehensive expense Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 AgileThought, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year ended December 31, 
 (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 Operating Activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Accretion of interest from convertible notes Gain on forgiveness of debt ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment (Benefit) provision for bad debt expense ) Equity-based compensation expense Right-of-use asset amortization Foreign currency remeasurement ) Deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) Change in obligations for purchase price 
 ) Change in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Depreciation and amortization Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses, other current assets, and other noncurrent assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other current liabilities ) ) Deferred revenues ) Current VAT receivables and other taxes payable Income taxes payable ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from loans Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Repayments of borrowings ) ) Cash paid for shares withheld from a grantee to satisfy tax withholding ) Payments for finance leases ) Payments of PIPE transaction cost ) Proceeds from PIPE Investors Proceeds from follow-on public offering Share issuance transaction costs ) Proceeds from capital contribution Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rates on cash ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the year 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the year (1) 
 (1) Amount of restricted cash at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 AgileThought, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 
 
 87 

Note 2 
 - days. Since the term between the satisfaction of the performance obligation and payment receipt is less than a year, we do not adjust the transaction price for the effects of a financing component. 
 The Company may enter into arrangements that consist of any combination of our deliverables. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised deliverables, the Company determines whether promised deliverables are distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met, the promised deliverables are accounted for as a single performance obligation. For arrangements with multiple distinct performance obligations, we allocate consideration among the performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling price. The standalone selling price is the price at which we would sell a promised good or service on an individual basis to a customer. When not directly observable, the Company generally estimates standalone selling price by using the expected cost plus a margin approach. The Company reassesses these estimates on a periodic basis or when facts and circumstances change. 
 Revenues related to software maintenance services are recognized over the period the services are provided using an output method that is consistent with the way in which value is delivered to the customer, generally straight lined on a monthly basis over the period of the contract term. 
 Revenues related to cloud hosting solutions, which include a combination of services including hosting and support services, and do not convey a license to the customer, are recognized over the period as the services are provided. These arrangements represent a single performance obligation. 
 Revenues related to consulting services (time-and-materials), transaction-based or volume-based contracts are recognized over the period the services are provided using an input method such as labor hours incurred. Revenues related to fixed fee consulting services are recognized as services are performed using a time elapsed measure of progress. Both time and materials and fixed fee consulting contracts have hourly rates defined based on the experience of personnel selected to perform the service. For fixed fee contracts, the fixed fee generally remains constant for the contracted project period unless the customer directs a change in scope of project work or requests additional personnel. 
 The Company may enter into arrangements with third party suppliers to resell products or services, such as software licenses and hosting services. In such cases, the Company evaluates whether the Company is the principal (i.e., report revenues on a gross basis) or agent (i.e., report revenues on a net basis). In doing so, the Company first evaluates whether it controls the good or service before it is transferred to the customer. In instances where the Company controls the good or service before it is transferred to the customer, the Company is the principal; otherwise, the Company is the agent. Determining whether we control the good or service before it is transferred to the customer may require judgment. 
 88 

See Note 4, Fair Value Measurements , for further discussion. 

89 

- 
 Computer equipment - 
 Computer software 
 Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lease term or the useful life of the asset, whichever is shorter. When these assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the asset and related depreciation and amortization is relieved, and any gain or loss is included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company capitalizes certain development costs incurred in connection with its internal-use software. Costs incurred in the preliminary stages of development are expensed as incurred. Once an application has reached the development stage, payroll and payroll-related expenses of employees, are capitalized until the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over , the estimated useful life of the software. 
 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. We test for recoverability by comparing the sum of estimated future discounted cash flows to an asset s carrying value. If we determine the carrying value is not recoverable, we calculate an impairment loss based on the excess of the asset s carrying value over its fair value. The fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow approach. 

90 

. 
 Refer to Note 7, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for additional information. 
 91 

Refer to Note 8, Leases , for additional information. 

92 

of the first of each employee's contributions and of the next of the employee's base compensation contributed, with a maximum contribution of per employee. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's matching contributions totaled million and million, respectively, and were expensed as incurred. 
 embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation from the underlying host instrument pursuant to ASC 815-15, Embedded Derivatives. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination that occurred on August 23, 2021, the preferred stock was converted into common stock of the Company and these embedded derivative ceased to exist. 
 The Company also identified three embedded derivatives as part of the modification of the Second Lien Facility in August 2022 and November 2022 related to the conversion option on the Mexican peso-denominated loans. The identified 
 93 

million refundable tax credit for the year ended December 31, 2022. This tax credit relates to qualifying costs incurred in the previous years. This tax credit is recognized as a reduction to Selling, General, and Administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and recorded as an asset in Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 94 

Note 3 
 -for-one basis, into shares of common stock. Similarly, all of LIVK s outstanding warrants became warrants to acquire shares of common stock. 
 LIVK entered into subscription agreements with certain investors pursuant to which such investors collectively subscribed for shares of the Company's common stock at per share for aggregate proceeds of (the PIPE Financing ). 
 Holders of of LIVK s Class A ordinary shares originally sold in LIVK's initial public offering, or of the shares with redemption rights, exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of million. 
 The Business Combination was effected through the merger of Legacy AgileThought with and into LIVK, whereupon the separate corporate existence of Legacy AgileThought ceased and LIVK was the surviving corporation. 
 On the Closing Date, the Company changed its name from LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. to AgileThought, Inc. 
 An aggregate of shares of common stock were issued to holders of Legacy AT common stock and shares of common stock were issued to holders of Legacy AT preferred stock as merger consideration. 
 After adjusting its embedded derivative liabilities to fair value, upon conversion of the preferred stock, the Company's embedded derivative liabilities were extinguished during the third quarter of 2021. Refer to Note 4, Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
 The Company's private placement warrants meet the criteria for liability classification. During 2021, the Company recognized a gain of million on private placement warrants to reflect the change in fair value. For additional information on our warrants, refer to Note 15, Warrants , and Note 4, Fair Value Measurements . 
 
 95 

Cash - PIPE Financing Less: Transaction costs ) Net proceeds from the Business Combination Less: Initial fair value of warrant liabilities recognized in the Business Combination ) Equity classification of Public Warrants Surrender of related party receivables ) Debt conversion Conversion of mezzanine equity 1 
 Net adjustment to total equity from the Business Combination 1 Relates to the transfer from mezzanine equity to permanent equity of the preferred contribution received from LIV Capital on February 02, 2021, which was considered part of the PIPE financing and upon the transaction close, was reclassified to permanent equity of the Company. 
 
 The number of shares of common stock issued immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination: 
 Number of Shares Class A ordinary shares of LIVK outstanding prior to the Business Combination Less: redemption of LIVK's Class A ordinary shares ) Shares of LIVK's Class A ordinary shares Shares held by LIVK's sponsor and its affiliates Shares issued in the PIPE Financing Shares issued to convert Legacy AgileThought's preferred stock to common stock Shares issued to Legacy AgileThought's common stock holders Total shares of common stock immediately after the Business Combination 
 
 Note 4 
 Second Lien Facility Level 3 Blue Torch Credit Facility Level 3 Purchase Price Obligation Note Payable Level 3 
 The above table excludes our revolving credit facility, subordinated promissory note payable and subordinated zero-coupon loan as these balances approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of our borrowings. The above table also excludes our Paycheck Protection Program loans PPP loans as the carrying value of the Company s PPP loans 
 96 

Change in fair value Ending balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Embedded Derivative Liability 
 In connection with the amendment to the Second Lien Facility on August 10, 2022, the Company bifurcated embedded derivatives associated with conversion features for Mexican peso-denominated tranches. Embedded derivative liabilities are carried at fair value and classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The Company determined the fair values of the bifurcated embedded derivatives by using a scenario-based analysis that estimated the fair value of each embedded derivative based on a probability-weighted present value of all possible outcomes related to the features. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value of the Company s embedded derivative liabilities include the implied volatility, the period in which the outcomes are expected to be achieved and the discount rate. 
 
 Recognition of embedded derivative liability Change in valuation inputs and other assumptions ) Gain on debt extinguishment 1 
 ) Ending balance, December 31, 2022 
 Less: Current portion Embedded derivative liability, net of current portion 

97 

Note 5 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 December 31, (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 Accounts receivables Unbilled accounts receivables Other receivables Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total accounts receivable, net December 31, (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 Employee retention credit Income tax receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets December 31, (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 Accrued wages, vacation other employee related items Accrued interest Accrued incentive compensation Accrued services Accrued liabilities - Related Party Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 

Charges to expense ) Write-offs and recoveries ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending balance, December 31 

The Company records any obligations for contingent purchase price at fair value. The Company recorded the 2019 acquisition-date fair value of a contingent liability based on the likelihood of contingent earn-out payments through the year ended December 31, 2021 subject to the underlying agreement terms. As of December 31, 2021 the obligation now relates to a known and fixed amount due and is no longer a contingent obligation recorded at fair value. The amount due accrues interest at . On November 15, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to change terms of the AN Extend portion of the purchase price obligation note payable. The amendment converted the note from Mexican pesos to U.S. dollars with capitalized interest added, set the applicable interest to annually, set a maturity date of November 15, 2023, as well as added mandatory conversion. If the note is not paid in full prior to the maturity date, the total amount of principal and the interest will be converted within the following 30 calendar days counted from the maturity date with 
 98 

common shares of common stock, taking as value of the shares the value resulting from using the Volume Weighted Moving Average Price. This amendment was determined to substantially alter the AN Extend portion of the purchase price obligation note payable such that extinguishment accounting was applied. The Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million for the three months ended December 31, 2022. Payment of any and all of the purchase price obligation note payable is subordinate of all existing senior debt, including the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or bankruptcy proceedings, all senior debt shall first be paid in full before any distribution shall be made to the purchase price obligation note payable creditors. 
 
 Additional principal from amendments Accrued interest on the contingent consideration Effect of exchange rate fluctuations Ending balance, December 31, 2022 Less: Current portion Purchase price obligation note payable, net of current portion 
 
 Note 6 
 Leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Computer software Transportation equipment Finance lease right-of-use assets Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 million for the years 2022 and 2021. The Company did t recognize impairment charges related to property and equipment in 2022 and 2021. 

99 

Note 7 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation December 31, 2022 
 impairment charges were recognized related to goodwill the year ended 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets relate to trade names acquired in connection with business combinations. The indefinite-lived trade names balance was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. impairment charges were recognized related to indefinite-lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 ) ) Tradename ) Total ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands USD) Gross Carrying Amount Currency Translation Adjustment Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life (Years) Customer relationships ) ) Tradename ) ) Total ) ) 
 The Company recorded million in finite-lived intangible asset amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. impairment charges were recognized related to finite-lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 100 

Note 8 
 years, some of which may contain options to extend or terminate the lease before the expiration date. Additionally, the Company does not have any material finance, lessor, or sub-leasing arrangements. Total lease expense, net was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and includes short-term and variable lease costs. 
 Weighted average discount rate: 
 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of lease liability 

101 

Note 9 
 Borrowings under term loan, principal due January 1, 2025 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs (a) 
 ) Blue Torch Credit Facility, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 
 Borrowings under bank revolving credit agreement, principal due Nov. 10, 2023 
 Borrowings under bank credit agreement, principal due Nov. 10, 2023 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs (a) 
 ) Borrowing under bank credit agreements, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 
 Paycheck Protection Program loans, interest, due May 2, 2025 
 Subordinated promissory note payable with a related party, effective December 21, 2021, principal due March 31, 2023 
 Subordinated debt, guaranteed by a related party, principal due July 27, 2023 Unamortized debt issuance costs (a) 
 ) ) Subordinated debt, guaranteed by a related party, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Borrowings under convertible note payable with a related party, interest capitalized every three months, principal due September 15, 2026 
 Borrowings under convertible note payable with a related party, interest capitalized every three months, principal due July 1, 2025 
 Borrowings under convertible note payable with a related party, interest capitalized every three months, principal due July 1, 2025 
 Borrowings under convertible note payable with a related party, interest capitalized every three months, principal due June 15, 2023 
 Borrowings under convertible note payable with a related party, interest capitalized every three months, principal due June 15, 2023 
 Unamortized debt discount, net (a) 
 ) ) Second Lien Facility, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Total debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 
 Total financing obligations Current portion of debt and financing obligations 
 ) ) Long-term debt and financing obligations, net of unamortized debt issuance cost/discount, net and current portion 
 
 _________________ 
 (a) Debt issuance costs, premium, and discount are presented as a reduction, addition, and reduction to the Company s debt, respectively in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. million and million of debt issuance cost amortization was charged to interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As of the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the Company expects its cash and cash equivalents of million as of December 31, 2022 and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and expenditure requirements for the next 12-months. The Company s ability to generate additional cash flows will be dependent on increasing revenues, securing stronger profit margins, and reducing debt. There are a substantial amount of debt and other obligations, and the Company does not currently have sufficient available cash flows to service upcoming 
 102 

million and revolving credit facility with an aggregate principal limit not to exceed million at any time outstanding. On May 27, 2022, the Company borrowed the full million under the term loan. On June 28, 2022, the Company borrowed million under the revolving credit facility. The Company recognized million in debt issuance costs. 
 
 On August 10, 2022, the Company entered into a waiver and amendment to the Blue Torch Credit Facility to provide for an extension of the period of time which the Company has to satisfy certain reporting and post-closing obligations under the Blue Torch Credit Facility. The Company recognized million in debt issuance costs related to the wavier and amendment. On November 1, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to further extend the period of time which the Company has to satisfy certain reporting and post-closing obligations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in default under the permitted factoring disposition and leverage ratio covenants. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company was also in default under the leverage ratio, liquidity, aged accounts payables, permitted payments and other covenants under the Blue Torch Credit Facility. As a result of such defaults, the Company entered into a waiver and amendment on March 7, 2023 Amendment No.4 to revise significant terms of the Blue Torch Credit Facility as set forth below. 
 
 Pursuant to Amendment No.4, the Company agreed to pay approximately million of the Company s total indebtedness and related obligations in 2023, including principal payments of million by April 15, 2023, million by June 15, 2023 (inclusive of the million by April 15, 2023 if not paid by then) and million by September 15, 2023 (inclusive of the million by June 15, 2023 if not paid by then) to the Blue Torch Lenders. Thereafter, the Company will make quarterly payments on the term loan of approximately million starting December 31, 2023. The amendment also revised the maturity date of the Blue Torch Credit Facility from May 27, 2026 to January 1, 2025 and revised the interest provisions to remove the step-down in interest rate based on the Company s total leverage ratio. Interest is paid quarterly for both loans, and is calculated based on the Adjusted Term SOFR (the three-month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, plus plus a margin of annually. Interest on each loan is payable on the last day of the then effective interest period applicable to such loan and at maturity. The revolving credit facility will bear a annual usage fee on any undrawn portion of the facility. In connection with Amendment No.4, the Company agreed to pay the administrative agent a fee equal to million, which was paid in kind by adding such capitalized amount to the outstanding principal of the term loan. In addition, if the Company fails to repay the respective aggregate principal amounts on or prior to April 15, 2023, June 15, 2023 and September 15, 2023, a failed payment fee equal to million, million and million respectively will be paid in kind by adding such fee to the outstanding principal of the term loan. If we meet these payments when due then no fee will be added to the outstanding principal. Failure to make these payments would constitute an event of default but will not result in the ability of the administrative agent to accelerate indebtedness under the Blue Torch Facility. Amendment No. 4 also required the Company to engage both a financial advisor to support the Company s capital raising needs and an operational advisor to conduct a formal assessment of the Company s financial performance, in both cases on terms reasonable acceptable to Blue Torch. 
 
 Lastly, the amendment granted a waiver for certain financial covenants as of December 31, 2022 and reset the covenant requirements for future periods. 
 
 Second Lien Facility 
 
 103 

million, accruing interest at a rate per annum from for the US denominated loan and for the Mexican Peso denominated Loan. The Second Lien Facility had an original maturity date of March 15, 2023. The Company recognized million in debt issuance costs with the issuance. 
 
 On August 10, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Second Lien Facility to extend the maturity date of the Tranche A (Credit Suisse), Tranche C (Senderos), Tranche D (Senderos) and Tranche E (Johnston) loans to September 15, 2026, and provide for potential increases, that step up over time from percent to percent, in the interest rate applicable to the Tranche A loans. The amendment also extended the maturity date of the Tranche B (Nexxus Capital) loans thereunder to June 15, 2023, and provides for a mandatory conversion of the Tranche B loans thereunder, including interest and fees, into equity securities of the Company upon the maturity of said loans at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to regulatory approval. The amendment also provided for the covenants and certain other provisions of the Second Lien Facility to be made consistent with those in the Blue Torch Credit Facility (and in certain cases for those covenants to be made less restrictive than those in the Blue Torch Credit Facility). This amendment was determined to substantially alter the debt agreement such that extinguishment accounting was applied. The Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million for the three months ended September 30, 2022. As part of the reassessment of the debt instrument, the Company bifurcated the conversion option on the Mexican peso-dominated loans and recognized an embedded derivative liability of million as of the amendment date. See Note 4, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information. 
 
 On November 18, 2022, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Credit Suisse, as the Tranche A lenders. The letter agreement changed the conversion price at which the Credit Suisse lenders may convert their outstanding loans, interest, and fees into the Company s common stock from a fixed conversion price of per share to the closing price of one share of our common stock on the trading day immediately prior to the conversion date, subject to a floor price of per share. This amendment was determined to substantially alter the Credit Suisse portion of the debt agreement such that extinguishment accounting was applied. The Company recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of million for the three months ended December 31, 2022. The total loss on debt extinguishment related to the Second Lien Facility was million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Each Second Lien Lender has the option to convert all or any portion of its outstanding loans, interest and fees into common stock of the Company at any time at the respective conversion prices. On December 27, 2021, Manuel Senderos and Kevin Johnston exercised the conversion options for their respective principal amounts of million and million, respectively, at the original conversion price of per share. See Note 16, Stockholders Equity, for additional information. As noted above, on June 15, 2023, the outstanding principal, interest and fees related to the Nexxus Capital loans will convert into common stock of the Company at the conversion price of per share. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal, interest and fees related to the Nexxus Capital loans was million. 
 
 On March 7, 2023, in connection with Amendment No. 4 to the Blue Torch Credit Facility, the Company entered into a sixth amendment to the Second Lien Facility Amendment No. 6 ). Amendment No. 6 revised the maturity date of the Credit Suisse loans from September 15, 2026 to July 1, 2025. Amendment No. 6 also provided for the covenants and certain other provisions of the Second Lien Facility to be consistent with those in the Blue Torch Credit Facility, as amended by Amendment No. 4, except as set forth below in Financial Covenants . 
 AGS Subordinated Promissory Note 
 On June 24, 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement with AGS Group LLC AGS Group for a principal amount of million. The principal amount outstanding under this agreement matured on December 20, 2021 Original Maturity Date and was extended until May 19, 2022 Extended Maturity Date ). On August 4, 2022, the Company entered into an another amendment to further extend the maturity date of the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note to January 31, 2023 ("January 2023 Maturity Date"). Interest is due and payable in arrears on the Original Maturity Date at a per annum until and including December 20, 2021 and at per annum from the Original Maturity Date to the January 2023 Maturity Date calculated on the actual number of days elapsed. 
 Subsequently, on January 31, 2023, the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note was cancelled in full and restated for a principal amount of million with accrued interest of million. The outstanding principal and interest matures on March 31, 2023. In addition, the Company also agreed to the issuance of common stock with a value of approximately 
 104 

million, equal to approximately two times the current outstanding principal and interest. On February 10, 2023, the Company issued shares to serve as collateral. Upon the earlier of the Extended Maturity Date or an event of default, AGS Group may sell those shares and apply of the net proceeds therefrom to repay the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note. If the net proceeds from sales of the shares exceed the indebtedness owed by the Company, AGS Group shall remit such excess cash proceeds to the Company. Upon payment in full of the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note in cash by us or through sales of the shares by AGS Group, AGS Group shall return any of the unsold shares to to the Company. 
 
 Under the terms of the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility, the Company may only repay the AGS Subordinated Promissory Note with the proceeds of an equity issuance, and then only if the total leverage ratio is to 1.00 or less and the Company is in compliance with all financial covenants and no event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility. The Company has entered into a letter agreement with AGS Group to provide that a failure to pay such indebtedness will not be deemed an event of default. 
 
 Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt 
 On July 26, 2021, the Company agreed with existing lenders and Exitus Capital Subordinated Creditor to enter into a zero-coupon subordinated loan agreement with Exitus Capital in an aggregate principal amount equal to million Subordinated Debt ). Net loan proceeds totaled million, net of million in debt discount. No periodic interest payments are currently required and the loan was due on January 26, 2022, with an option to extend up to additional terms. On January 25, 2022 and July 26, 2022, the Company exercised its option to extend the loan an additional six months, recognizing an additional million debt issuance costs related to each loan extension. 
 Subsequently, on January 26, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt from January 26, 2023 to July 27, 2023. In addition, AgileThought paid approximately million of the principal amount of the loan on January 27, 2023, plus a fee of approximately million. On February 27, 2023 the Company paid an addition million of the principal. The remaining principal of approximately million will be due and payable on the new maturity date of July 27, 2023. In addition, on January 31, 2023, the Company agreed to the issuance of common stock with a value of approximately million, equal to approximately two times the current outstanding principal and interest. On February 10, 2023, the Company issued shares to serve as collateral. The Company is obligated to issue additional shares to Exitus Capital from time to time if the value of the shares held by them is less two times than the outstanding principal amount of the loan. Upon the earlier of the July 27, 2023 or an event of default, Exitus Capital may sell those shares and apply of the net proceeds therefrom to repay the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt. If the net proceeds from sales of the shares exceed the indebtedness owed by the Company, Exitus Capital shall remit such excess cash proceeds to the Company. Upon payment in full of the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt in cash by us or through sales of the shares by Exitus Capital, Exitus Capital shall return any of the unsold shares to the Company. 
 
 Under the terms of the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility, the Company may only repay the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt if the Company has repaid Blue Torch million and million by April 15, 2023 and June 15, 2023, respectively. If the Company is unable to satisfy these conditions, the Company plans to further extend the maturity date or substitute the Exitus Capital Subordinated Debt as may be permitted under the Blue Torch Credit Facility and the Second Lien Facility. Any such modifications are also subject to the prior consent of Blue Torch and the Second Lien Lenders. A failure to pay the indebtedness due to Exitus Capital will be a payment default under its terms, which would allow Exitus Capital to accelerate the indebtedness. In addition, a failure to pay Exitus Capital will be a cross-default under both the Blue Torch Credit Facility and Second Lien Facility, but would not allow either of the Blue Torch or Second Lien Lenders to accelerate indebtedness due under their respective loans unless Exitus Capital accelerates the amounts due to it. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loans 
 On April 30, 2020 and May 1, 2020, the Company received Paycheck Protection Program loans PPP loans through of its subsidiaries for a total amount of million. The PPP loans bear a fixed interest rate of 1 over a two-year term, are guaranteed by the United States federal government, and do not require collateral. The loans may be forgiven, in part or whole, if the proceeds are used to retain and pay employees and for other qualifying expenditures. The Company submitted its forgiveness applications to the Small Business Administration SBA between November 2020 and January 2021. On December 25, 2020, million of a million PPP loan was forgiven. On March 9, 2021, million of a million PPP loan was forgiven. On June 13, 2021, million of a million PPP loan was forgiven. On January 
 105 

million of a million PPP loan was forgiven resulting in a remaining PPP Loan balance of million of which million is due within the next year. The remaining payments will be made quarterly until May 2, 2025. All loan forgiveness was recognized in Other income (expense), net of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Prior First Lien Facility 
 In 2018, the Company entered into a revolving credit agreement with Monroe Capital Management Advisors LLC that permitted the Company to borrow up to million through November 10, 2023. In 2019, the agreement was amended to increase the borrowing limit to million. Also in 2018, the Company entered into a term loan credit agreement with Monroe Capital Management Advisors LLC that permitted the Company to borrow up to million through November 10, 2023. In 2019, the agreement was amended to increase the borrowing amount to million. Interest on the revolving credit agreement and term loan agreement First Lien Facility were paid monthly and calculated as LIBOR plus a margin of to , based on the Total Leverage Ratio as calculated in the most recent Compliance Certificate. An additional interest were incurred during periods of loan covenant default. 
 On March 22, 2021, the Company used million from proceeds of issuance of preferred stock to partially pay the First Lien Facility. Refer to Note 16, Stockholders Equity , for additional information on issuance of preferred stock. 
 On June 24, 2021, an amendment was signed to modify the debt covenants for the periods June 30, 2021 and thereafter. In addition to the covenant modifications, the amendment also established the deferral of the monthly million principal payments previously due in April and May, along with the million payments due in June and July to September 30, 2021. As a result, the regular quarterly principal installments resumed, and the First Lien lenders charged a million fee paid upon the end of the term loan in exchange for the amended terms. The amendment resulted in a debt modification, thus the fees payable to the First Lien lenders were capitalized and were amortized over the remaining life of the First Lien Facility. From September 30, 2021 to October 29, 2021, the Company entered into various amendment to extend the due date of the million in principal payments previously due September 30, 2021 to November 19, 2021. 
 
 On November 29, 2021, the Company made a million principal prepayment, which included the million principal payment that was originally due September 30, 2021. The Company paid with proceeds from the Second Lien Facility. Furthermore, on December 29, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the administrative agent for the First Lien Facility (the First Lien Shares ), which subject to certain terms and regulatory restrictions, may sell the First Lien Shares upon the earlier of August 29, 2022 and an event of default and apply the proceeds to the outstanding balance of the loan. In addition, the Company agreed to issue warrants to the administrative agent to purchase million worth of the Company s common stock for nominal consideration. The warrants will be issued on the earlier of full repayment of outstanding deferred fees or August 29, 2023. In addition, the Company may be required to pay the First Lien lenders cash to the extent that we cannot issue some or all of the warrants due to regulatory restrictions. The First Lien lenders charged an additional million fee paid upon the end of the term loan in exchange for the amended terms. 
 
 On November 22, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment that requires sixty percent of proceeds from future equity issuances be used to repay the outstanding balance on the First Lien Facility. On December 27, 2021, the Company closed a follow on stock offering resulting in million of net proceeds, of which million was used as payment of the outstanding principal and interest balances for the First Lien Facility. 
 
 On March 30, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment with the First Lien and Second Lien Facility Lenders to waive the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for March 31, 2022. In addition, the Total Leverage Ratio covenant for the quarterly period of March 31, 2022 was reset. As consideration for entering into this amendment, the Company agreed to pay the First Lien Facility s administrative agent a fee equal to million. The fee would be fully earned as of March 30, 2022 and due and payable upon the end of the term loan. However, the agreement provided that the fee shall be waived in its entirety if final payment in full occurred prior to or on May 30, 2022. This modification triggered by this new amendment was determined to be substantially different to the old instrument, therefore the modification was accounted for as an extinguishment and the debt instrument was adjusted to fair value as of the March 31, 2022. The Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2022. 
 
 On May 27, 2022, the Company paid approximately million to settle the outstanding principal, interest, and a portion of the million deferred fees related to amendments on the First Lien Facility. The First Lien Lenders waived the million fee related to the March 30, 2022 amendment and returned First Lien Shares as part of the deferred fees settlement. Since August 29, 2022 the First Lien Lenders may sell the remaining First Lien Shares and apply of the net proceeds to the outstanding fees obligation. The First Lien Lenders shall return any of the remaining 
 106 

million. These fees are recognized in Other current liabilities in and Other noncurrent liabilities in the Audited Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of million for the three months ended June 30, 2022. The total loss on debt extinguishment related to the First Lien Facility was million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Prior Second Lien Facility 
 On July 18, 2019, the Company entered into separate credit agreements with Nexxus Capital and Credit Suisse the Creditors that permitted the Company to borrow million from each bearing interest. On January 31, 2020, the agreements were amended to increase the borrowing amount by million under each agreement. Interest was capitalized every and payable when the note was due. Immediately prior to the Business Combination, the Creditors exercised their option to convert their combined million of debt outstanding (including interest) into shares of the Company's Class A ordinary shares, which were converted into the Company's common stock as a result of the Business Combination. 
 
 Financial Covenants 
 The Blue Torch Credit Facility establishes the following amended financial covenants for the consolidated group: 
 million as of the end of each computation period as described below. 
 Computation Period Ending Revenue December 31, 2022 March 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 
 
 Liquidity. As a result of Amendment No.4, the Company is required to maintain liquidity above million through March 24, 2023, above million through April 15, 2023, and above million at any time thereafter. Liquidity is defined as the remaining capacity under the Blue Torch Credit Facility plus the total unrestricted cash on hand. 
 Leverage Ratio. The Leverage Ratio applies to the consolidated group and is determined in accordance with US GAAP. It is calculated as of the last day of any computation period as the ratio of (a) total debt (as defined in credit agreement) to (b) EBITDA for the computation period ending on such day. A computation period is any period of consecutive fiscal quarters for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below. 
 :1.00 
 April 30, 2023 :1.00 
 May 31, 2023 :1.00 
 June 30, 2023 :1.00 
 July 31, 2023 :1.00 
 August 31, 2023 :1.00 
 September 30, 2023 :1.00 
 October 31, 2023 :1.00 
 November 30, 2023 :1.00 
 December 31, 2023 :1.00 
 January 31, 2024 and each fiscal month ending thereafter :1.00 
 
 EBITDA. If the Company fails to make the million payment and related obligations by April 15, 2023, the Company will be subjected to a consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA covenant requirement. The Company will be required to maintain a -month trailing EBITDA of at least the following for each fiscal month end. 
 107 

April 30, 2023 May 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 31, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 31, 2023 and each fiscal month end thereafter 
 The Second Lien Facility establishes the following financial covenants for the consolidated group: 
 March 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 
 Liquidity. Requires the Company's liquidity to be (i) above million at any time on or prior to March 24, 2023, (ii) above million at any time from March 24, 2023 to April 15, 2023, (iii) and above million after April 15, 2023 thereafter. Liquidity is defined as the remaining capacity under the Second Lien Facility plus the total unrestricted cash on hand. 
 Leverage Ratio. The Leverage Ratio applies to the consolidated group and is determined in accordance with US GAAP. It is calculated as of the last day of any computation period as the ratio of (a) total debt (as defined in credit agreement) to (b) EBITDA for the computation period ending on such day. A computation period is any period of consecutive fiscal quarters for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below. 
 :1.00 
 April 30, 2023 :1.00 
 May 31, 2023 :1.00 
 June 30, 2023 :1.00 
 July 31, 2023 :1.00 
 August 31, 2023 :1.00 
 September 30, 2023 :1.00 
 October 31, 2023 :1.00 
 November 30, 2023 :1.00 
 December 31, 2023 :1.00 
 January 31, 2024 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter :1.00 
 
 EBITDA. If the Company fails to make the million payment and related obligations by April 15, 2023 under the Blue Torch Credit Facility, the Company will be subjected to a consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA covenant requirement. The Company will be required to maintain a -month trailing EBITDA of at least the following for each fiscal month end. 
 108 

April 30, 2023 May 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 31, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 31, 2023 and each fiscal month end thereafter 
 After giving effect to Amendment No. 4 of the Blue Torch Credit Facility and Amendment No. 6 of the Second Lien Facility, the Company was compliant with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total debt Less: unamortized debt issuance cost ) Total debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

Note 10 
 ) Forgiveness of PPP loan Interest income Other non-operating expense ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) 

109 

Note 11 ) Mexico ) ) Other countries Total ) ) 
 Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Total income tax expense) ) Statutory tax rates Computed expected income tax benefit ) ) Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance Non-deductible expenses ERC Credit ) Foreign tax rate differential ) ) State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Taxable inflation adjustment ) ) Non deductible interest Effect of change in state rate ) Non-taxable income ) ) Debt instruments ) Other, net Reported income tax expense Effective tax rate ) 
 Mexico Brazil Argentina 
 110 

Provision for doubtful accounts Fixed assets Accrued liabilities and other expenses Deferred revenues Business interest limitation Operating lease liability Equity-based compensation Intangible assets Other Gross deferred tax assets: Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets Operating lease ROU assets Property and Equipment Obligation for purchase price Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Utilization during the year Increases during the year Closing balance December 31, 
 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences are deductible. 
 Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities and projected taxable income in making this assessment. In order to fully realize a deferred tax asset, the Company must generate future taxable income prior to the expiration of the deferred tax asset under applicable law. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods during which the Company s deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowances as of December 31, 2022. The amount of the Company s deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in a full valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets for which the Company does not have enough evidence to support its realization. The total amount of valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 is million, primarily related to a full valuation allowance on the Company's tax loss 
 111 

million, million, and million, respectively, that expire at various dates through 2042 unless indefinite in nature. 
 The Company has not accrued any income, distribution or withholding taxes that would arise if the undistributed earnings of the Company s foreign subsidiaries, which cannot be repatriated in a tax-free manner, were repatriated. 
 The Company accounts for tax contingencies by assessing all material positions, including all significant uncertain positions, for all tax years that are open to assessment or challenge under tax statutes. Those positions that have only timing consequences are separately analyzed based on the recognition and measurement model. 
 
 As required by the uncertain tax position guidance, the Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, Mexico, and various state and foreign jurisdictions. Tax regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to the interpretation of the related tax laws and regulations and require significant judgment to apply. Under the tax statute of limitations applicable to the Internal Revenue Code, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years before 2019. Under the statute of limitations applicable to most state income tax laws, the Company is no longer subject to state income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018 in states which the Company has filed income tax returns. Certain states may take the position that the Company is subject to income tax in such states even though the Company has not filed income tax returns in such states, depending on the varying state income tax statutes and administrative practices, the statute of limitations in such states may extend to years before 2018. Under the statute of limitations applicable to our foreign operations, we are generally no longer subject to tax examination for years before 2017 in jurisdictions where we have filed income tax returns. The Company applies the uncertain tax position guidance to all tax positions for which the statute of limitations remains open. The Company s policy is to classify interest accrued as interest expense and penalties as other (expense) income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any amounts accrued for interest and penalties or recorded for uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Note 12 
 Fixed price over time Total 
 Liabilities by contract related to contracts with customers 
 Revenue recognized, that was deferred in the previous year 
 Major Customers 
 The Company derived and of its revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 from two significant customers. In addition, , , and of our revenues for 2021 were from three significant customers. Sales to these customers occur at multiple locations and we believe that the loss of these customers would have only a short-term impact 
 112 

Note 13 
 Latin America 
 Total 
 The following table presents certain of our long-lived assets by geographic area, which includes property and equipment, net and lease right of use assets, net: 
 December 31, (in thousands USD) 2022 2021 United States Latin America Total long-lived assets 
 
 Note 14 
 to , and a reduction of underutilized bench personnel. The Company exited employees in the last half of the three months ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the first half of 2022 the Company incurred additional restructuring costs related to additional terminations and consolidation of our marketing department. During the remaining half of 2022 the Company consolidated additional roles throughout various back office functions. 
 Restructuring charges Payments ) ) Balance as of December 31 

Note 15 
 share of the Company's common stock upon exercise of such warrant. The Company reviewed the accounting for both its public warrants and private warrants and determined that its public warrants should be accounted for as equity while the private warrants should be accounted for as liabilities in the 
 113 

public warrants Public Warrants were sold. The Public Warrants entitle the holder to purchase share of common stock at a price of per share. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants became exercisable when the Company completed an effective registration statement. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 Following the closing of the merger between LIV Capital and AgileThought and the filing of the registration statement, the Company has one single class of voting common stock (Class A shares) and as such the Company would not be precluded from classifying the public warrants as equity as those warrants are indexed to the Company s own stock and a net cash settlement could only be triggered in circumstances in which the holders of the shares underlying the contract (Class A shares) would also receive cash. 
 Additionally, LIVK consummated a private placement of warrants Private Placement Warrants ). The Private Placement Warrants entitle the holder to purchase share of common stock at a price of per share. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants were not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants are redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. The Company filed a Form S-1 to register the shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants which was declared effective on September 27, 2021. No Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 
 in whole and not in part; 
 at a price of per warrant; 
 upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any trading days within a trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 
 if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the common stock underlying such warrants. 
 If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. 
 114 

public warrants and private placement warrants outstanding. 

Note 16 
 classes of common stock: common stock and preferred stock. 
 Common Stock 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has shares of common stock authorized, and shares issued. common stock has par value of per share. Holders of common stock are entitled to vote per share. 
 On December 21, 2021, AgileThought, Inc. entered into an underwriting agreement with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners as representatives of the underwriters (the Underwriters ), relating to the sale and issuance of shares of the Company s common stock. The offering price to the public of the shares is per share, and the Underwriters have agreed to purchase the shares from the Company pursuant to the underwriting agreement at a price of per share. The Company s net proceeds from the offering are approximately million. 
 On December 27, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock (the Conversion Shares to Mr. Senderos and Mr. Johnston upon conversion of their loans under the Second Lien Facility in the amount of and , respectively. Mr. Senderos received Conversion Shares, and Mr. Johnston received Conversion Shares. 
 On December 28, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the administrative agent for the First Lien Facility in accordance with the amendment dated November 15, 2021. As these common shares have been issued to and are held by the lender, and are contingently returnable to the Company under certain conditions, such shares are considered as issued and outstanding on the Company s balance sheet, but are not included in earnings per share calculations for all periods presented. On June 3, 2022, the lenders returned shares as part of the extinguishment of the First Lien Facility. See Note 9, Long-Term Debt , for further information. 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued Restricted Stock Units RSU to senior employees and directors under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, of which are subject to a service vesting condition and RSUs are subject to a market vesting requirement. See Note 18, Equity-Based Arrangements, for further information. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under the Company's certificate of incorporation, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock having par value of per share. The Company's Board of Directors has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to determine preferences, privileges, and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares. As of December 31, 2022, preferred stock shares were issued and outstanding. 
 Prior to the Business Combination, the Company had classes of equity: Class A ordinary shares, Class B ordinary shares and redeemable convertible preferred stock. 
 Legacy Class A and Class B Shares 
 As of December 31, 2020, the capital stock is represented by Class A Shares and Class B Shares. Holders of Class A Shares were entitled to vote per share and Holders of Class B Shares are not entitled to vote. The common shares have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company converted it's Class A and Class B ordinary shares outstanding into shares of the Company's common stock. As of December 31, 2022, shares of Class A and Class B ordinary shares were outstanding. 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On February 2, 2021, LIV Capital Acquisition Corp LIVK ), related parties to LIVK (and together with LIVK, the Equity Investors and the Company entered into an equity contribution agreement. Per the agreement, the Equity Investors purchased shares of a newly created class of preferred stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 115 

per share (the Required Price ), or per share of redeemable convertible preferred stock plus interest if the Business Combination did not occur (defined in the agreement as the Required Return ), other than as a result of LIVK s failure to negotiate in good faith or failure to satisfy or perform any of its obligations under the merger agreement. 
 Additionally, the redeemable convertible preferred stock would be convertible into common shares of the Company either on a to one basis in the event of the closing of the merger agreement, or if the merger agreement were terminated and the Company subsequently consummated an initial public offering, into a number of common shares of the Company equal to the Required Return divided by , or , multiplied by the price at which the shares of voting common stock of the Company are initially priced in such initial public offering. 
 The redeemable convertible preferred stock had voting and dividend rights until converted into common stock and had a liquidation preference equal to the amount of the Required Return. 
 The Company concluded that because the redemption and conversion features of the Preferred Stock were outside of the control of the Company, the instrument was recorded as temporary or mezzanine equity in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Series Release No. 268, Presentation in Financial Statements of Redeemable Preferred Stocks . 
 for one basis. As of December 31, 2022, shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock were outstanding. 
 
 Note 17) Weighted average number of common stock - basic and diluted 
 Net loss per common stock - basic and diluted 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s potentially dilutive securities were private and public warrants, and granted but unvested stock awards which have been excluded from diluted loss per share because the conditions for issuance of common shares had not been met at the balance sheet date. 
 Common stock held by administrative agent with restricted resale rights 
 Unvested 2021 Plan awards for common stock with a service condition Unvested 2021 Plan awards for common stock with a market condition 
 
 Note 18 
 shares of common stock for the issuance of 
 116 

of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding year; provided that the Board may act prior to January 1 of a given year to provide that the increase of such year will be a lesser amount of shares of common stock. 
 
 Service Condition Awards 
 
 The Company issues awards subject to a service vesting requirement to employees and directors that will vest on a ratable basis over a period of - years. The fair value of service condition award is determined on the closing stock price of the grant date of the award and is amortized on a straight line basis over the vesting period of the award. 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested service condition awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested shares at December 31 
 
 The fair value of the grants and vested awards for 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Market Condition Awards 
 
 The Company issues awards subject to a market condition vesting requirement to employees and directors that will vest if the volume-weighted average stock price reaches the specified stock price during the specified period. The awards subject to a market vesting condition will expire after - years. The fair value of the market condition awards are determined based on the closing stock price as of the grant date and input into a Monte Carlo simulation to project future stock prices. The estimated fair value is amortized on a straight line basis over the derived service period of the award. The 
 117 

- years. 

As of December 31, 2021, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested market condition awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average derived service period of years. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Unvested shares at December 31 
 
 The fair value of the awards granted for 2022 was million. No market condition awards were vested in 2022. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In connection with the Business Combination, on August 18, 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP for the issuance of up to a total of shares of common stock. The number of shares reserved for issuance will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year, from January 1, 2022 through January 1, 2031, by the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, and (ii) the number of shares equal to of the initial share reserve, unless a smaller number of shares may be determined by the Board. The purchase price of common stock will be of the lesser of the fair market value of common stock on the first trading date or on the date of purchase. No purchases have been made under the ESPP during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 2020 Equity Plan 
 On May 9, 2021, the Company announced the acceleration of performance-based RSUs that the Board previously granted which covered shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Company s 2020 Equity Plan. The liquidity requirement of the accelerated of RSU's was removed per the Board approval on August 19, 2021. The acceleration of RSUs became effective immediately prior to the Business Combination. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of equity-based compensation expense related to acceleration of RSUs pursuant to the 2020 Equity Plan. 
 On May 9, 2021 and August 16, 2021, the Company entered into RSU cancellation agreements with existing shareholders, cancelling a total of RSUs. The RSU cancellation agreements were effective immediately prior to the Business Combination. Additionally, the remaining RSUs were forfeited. 
 Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted additional fully vested stock awards pursuant to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan to replace the cancelled 2018 and 2017 awards under the AgileThought Inc. 
 118 

million. 
 AgileThought, LLC PIP 
 In connection with the AgileThought, LLC acquisition in July 2019, the Company offered a performance incentive plan AT PIP to key AgileThought, LLC employees. Pursuant to the AT PIP, participants may receive up to an aggregate of Class A shares based on the achievement of certain EBITDA -based performance metrics during each of the fiscal years as follows: up to shares for 2020, up to shares for 2021, and up to shares for 2022. The EBITDA-based performance metrics were not met in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 Participants do not begin to vest in the performance share units PSUs granted under the AT PIP until January 1, 2020. In order to qualify for payment, the Participant: (a) has to be actively employed by the Company or one of its affiliates, and (b) has to not have breached any of his or her noncompetition covenants in the definitive documents. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did recognize any equity-based compensation expense related to this plan as performance metrics for 2022 were not probable of being achieved. The grant date fair value for the PSUs under the AT PIP was approximately million. 
 AgileThought Inc. Management Performance Share Plan 
 In 2018, the Company adopted the Management Performance Share Plan, which provides for the issuance of PSUs. These awards representing an aggregate of Class A shares vest upon the occurrence of a liquidity event, attainment of certain performance metrics and service-based vesting criteria. On May 9, 2021 and August 16, 2021, the Company entered into RSU cancellation agreements with existing shareholders, cancelling a total of RSUs pursuant to the 2018 AN Management Compensation Plan. The RSU cancellation agreements were effective immediately prior to the Business Combination and replaced with awards issued under the 2020 Equity Plan. 
 
 2017 AN Management Stock Compensation Plan 
 
 On May 9, 2021 and August 16, 2021, the Company entered into RSU cancellation agreements with existing shareholders, cancelling a total of RSUs pursuant to the 2017 AN Management Compensation Plan. The RSU cancellation agreements were effective immediately prior to the Business Combination and replaced with awards issued under the 2020 Equity Plan. 
 
 Note 19 
 million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As part of the amendment entered into on November 15, 2021, the Company agreed to issue warrants to the administrative agent to purchase million worth of AgileThought s common stock for nominal consideration. The warrants will be issued on the date that all amounts under the First Lien Facility have been paid in full. 
 
 119 

Note 20 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 Forgiveness of loans Cash paid during the year for interest Cash paid during the year for income tax Fees due to creditor Convertible notes exchanged for common stock 

Note 21 

120 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the commission s rules and forms. 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As a publicly traded company, we are required to comply with the SEC's rules implementing Section 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. 
 
 An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). 
 
 Based on the results of this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, management remediated a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to the proper accounting for complex financial instruments. Misstatements arose as a result of this deficiency. For the year ended December 31, 2022, management remediated the material weakness by completing training, enhancing accounting personnel s understanding of complex convertible debt instruments, and adding controls over the review of the accounting assessment for complex financial instruments. 
 
 Additionally, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, management remediated a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to proper application of revenue recognition related to our Latin America business. For the year ended December 31, 2022, management remediated the material weakness redesigning the respective control framework, including implementation of enhanced control procedures. Prior to the issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we successfully completed the testing of these enhanced controls and concluded that the material weaknesses have been remediated as of December 31, 2022. The Company will continue to monitor these new controls and implement additional enhancements in 2023. 
 
 Except for the foregoing, there were no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Amendment with First Lien Lenders 
 
 On March 7, 2023, the Company entered into a waiver and amendment to revise significant terms of the financing agreement (the Blue Torch Credit Facility by and among the Company, AN Global LLC, certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Blue Torch Finance LLC, as the administrative agent and collateral agent. The amendment was required as a result of defaults of certain financial and other covenants under the Blue Torch Credit Facility existing as of, and subsequent to, December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company agreed to repay principal payments of 15.0 million by April 15, 2023, 20.0 million by June 15, 2023 (inclusive of the 15.0 million by April 15, 2023 if not paid by then) and 25.0 million by September 15, 2023 (inclusive of the 20.0 million by June 15, 2023 if not paid by then) to the Blue Torch Lenders. If the Company fails to repay the respective aggregate principal amounts on or prior to their due dates, a failed payment fee equal to 4.0 million, 2.0 million and 3.0 million, respectively, will be paid in kind by adding such fee to the outstanding principal of the term loan. Failure to make these payments would constitute an event of default but will not result in the ability of the administrative agent to accelerate indebtedness under the Blue Torch Credit Facility. If the Company meets these payments timely, no fees will be incurred. Thereafter, the Company will make quarterly payments on the term loan of approximately 0.7 million starting December 31, 2023. The amendment granted a waiver for prior and existing defaults, reset the liquidity and leverage ratio covenants for future periods and added an EBITDA covenant that will become effective if the Company fails to make the 15 million payment on or prior to April 15, 2023. The amendment also revised the maturity date of from May 27, 2026 to January 1, 2025, revised the interest provisions to remove the step-down in interest rate based on the Company s total leverage ratio and required the Company to engage both a financial advisor to support the Company s capital raising needs and an operational advisor to conduct a formal assessment of the Company s financial performance. In connection with the waiver and amendment, the Company agreed to pay the administrative agent a fee equal to 6.0 million, which was paid in kind by adding such capitalized amount to the outstanding principal of the term loan. 
 
 Amendment with Second Lien Lenders 
 
 On March 7, 2023, in connection with the waiver and amendment to the Blue Torch Credit Facility, the Company entered into a waiver and amendment to revise significant terms of the credit agreement (the Second Lien Facility ), by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, financial institutions affiliated with Credit Suisse and Nexxus Capital, Manuel Senderos and Kevin Johnston, as lenders, GLAS USA LLC, as administrative agent, and GLAS Americas LLC, as collateral agent. The amendment revised the maturity date of the Credit Suisse loans from September 15, 2026 to July 1, 2025 and also provided for the covenants and certain other provisions of the Second Lien Facility to be consistent with those in the Blue Torch Credit Facility, as amended. 
 
 Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis - Liquidity and Capital Resources for further information. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement related to its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year on December 31, 2022 (the Proxy Statement ). 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights Number of Securities 
 Available for Future 
 Issuance Under Equity 
 Compensation Plans 2 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1 
 9,364,024 
 
 1 - Consists of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and and the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). 
 
 2 - The number of shares authorized under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan will increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, by an amount in an amount equal to five percent (5 of the total number of shares of the Company s Capital Stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding year; provided, however that the Board may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock. The number of shares authorized under our ESPP will increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, in an amount equal to the lesser of (x) one percent (1 of the total number of shares of Capital Stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year, and (y) 2,113,286 shares of Common Stock (equal to two hundred percent (200 of the Initial Share Reserve). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to the first day of any calendar year to provide that there will be no January 1st increase in the share reserve for such calendar year or that the increase in the share reserve for such calendar year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1.Financial Statements: See Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2.Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules are omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (b) The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1+ Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 9, 2021, by and among LIVK and AT (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 202 1). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 3.2 Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 4.1 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 4.2 Form of Warrant Certificate of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 4.3 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and LIVK (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of LIVK s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-39157), filed with the SEC on December 13, 2019). 
 4.4 Form of First Lien Warrants 
 4.5 Description of Securities 
 4.6 Equity Issuance Agreement, dated December 28, 2021, between the Company and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC, in its capacity as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 
 4.7 Amendment to Equity Issuance Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, between the Company and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC, in its capacity as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2022). 
 4.8 Equity Issuance Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between Exitus Capital S.A.P.I. de C.V., SOFOM E.N.R. and AgileThought, Inc. 
 4.9 Equity Issuance Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between AGS Group LLC and AgileThought Inc. 
 4.10 AN Extend Debt Recognition and Reco n version Agreement, dated November 15, 2022, between EXTEND SOLUTIONS, S.A. DE C.V. and AN EXTEND, S.A. DE C.V. 
 4.11 AN Extend Debt Recognition and Reco n version Agreement, dated November 15, 2022, between the individual creditors named therein and the Company. 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 23, 2021 between LIVK and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 10.2 Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.6 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.3 Fifth Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.5 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Company and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 10.5# AgileThought, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 10.6# Form of Stock Option Grant Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13(a) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 10.7# Form of RSU Award Grant Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13(b) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 10.8# AgileThought, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 10.9# Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 13, 2021, by and between Manuel Senderos Fern ndez and AgileThought, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.10 Simple Loan Facility, dated July 26, 2021, by and among Exitus Capital S.A.P.I. de C.V., SOFOM E.N.R., AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. de C.V. and Diego Zavala (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.10.1 Amendment to Simple Loan Facility, effective January 26, 2023, by and among Exitus Capital S.A.P.I. de C.V., SOFOM E.N.R., AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. de C.V. and Diego Zavala 
 10.11 Amendment to Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2021, among LIV Capital Acquisition Corp., AgileThought, Inc. and Invertis LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 10.12 Amendment to Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2021, among LIV Capital Acquisition Corp., AgileThought, Inc. and Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez Elizondo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 10.13 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of LIVK s Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-39157), filed with the SEC on May 11, 2021). 
 10.14 Form of Voting and Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of LIVK s Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-39157), filed with the SEC on May 11, 2021). 
 10.15 Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated May 9, 2020, by and among LIVK, Sponsor, AT and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of LIVK s Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-39157), filed with the SEC on May 11, 2021). 
 10.16 Letter Agreement, dated December 10, 2019, among LIVK and its officers and directors and LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2019). 
 10.17+ Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 18, 2019, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.17.1+ Waiver and First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 30, 2020, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8. 1 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.17.2+ Waiver and Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8. 2 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.17.3+ Waiver and Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated February 2, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.3 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.17.4+ Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.4 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.17.5+ Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 24, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.5 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.17.6+ Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.6 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 10.17.7+ Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2021). 
 10.17.8+ Eighth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 14, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021). 
 10.17.9+ Ninth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 29, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 29, 2021). 
 10.17.10+ Tenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 15, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6.10 of the registrant s Form S-1/A (File No. 333-261425) filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 
 10.17.11+ Eleventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 22, 2021, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 30, 2021). 
 10.17.12+ Twelfth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and among IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source LLC, AgileThought, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Global LLC, AT, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 
 10.18+ First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 30, 2020, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.18.1+ Waiver and First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.1 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.18.2+ Waiver and Second Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated February 2, 2021, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.2 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.18.3+ Third Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.3 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.18.4+ Fourth Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 24, 2021, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.4 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.18.5 Fifth Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.5 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.19+ Conversion Agreement, dated May 9, 2021, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.20+ Equity Contribution Agreement, dated February 2, 2021, by and among Banco Invex, S.A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Invex Grupo Financiero acting solely and exclusively as trustee pursuant to the Contrato de Fideicomiso Irrevocable de Emisi n de Certificados Burs tiles Fiduciarios de Desarrollo N mero F/2416 identified as LIV Mexico Growth IV No. F/2416 and LIV Mexico Growth Fund IV, L.P., LIV Capital Acquisition Corp., and AgileThought, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 10.21 Professional Services Agreement between North American Software S.A.P.I. de C.V. and Telte Holdings, S.A. de C.V., dated January 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.22# Consulting Agreement, dated October 1, 2020, by and between AgileThought, Inc. and Invertis LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.23# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 4, 2020, by and between Manuel Senderos Fern ndez and AgileThought, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.24# Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 13, 2021, by and between Manuel Senderos Fern ndez and AgileThought, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.25# Employment Agreement, dated March 2, 2020, by and between Kevin Johnston and AgileThought, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of LIVK s Form S-4/A (File No. 333-256143) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021). 
 10.26 Amendment to Voting and Support Agreement, effective as of November 15, 2021, among AgileThought, Inc., Invertis LLC and Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez Elizondo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the registrant s Form S-1/A (File No. 333-261425) filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 
 10.27 Amendment to Voting and Support Agreement, effective as of November 15, 2021, between AgileThought, Inc. and Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez Elizondo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the registrant s Form S-1/A (File No. 333-261425) filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021). 
 10.28+ Credit Agreement, dated November 22, 2021, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 30, 2021). 
 10.28.1+ Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 
 10.28.2+ Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2022). 
 10.28.3+ Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated August 10, 2022, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q field with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 
 10.28.4 Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 
 10.28.5 Letter Agreement, dated November 18, 2022, between the Company and Banco Nacional de Mexico, S.A., Integrante del Grupo Financiero Banamex, Division Fiduciaria, Como Fiduciario del Fideicomiso Irrevocable F/17937-8, a trust organized under the laws of Mexico and Banco Nacional de Mexico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Division Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the Trust No. F/17938-6, a trust organized under the laws of Mexico (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 22, 2022). 
 10.28.6+ Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, by and among AT, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V., AN Global LLC, certain other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC. 
 10.29 Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, dated November 22, 2021, by and between Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 30, 2021). 
 10.30 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 28, 2021, between the Company and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 
 10.31 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 30, 2021, between the Company and the Second Lien Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021). 
 10.32+ Blue Torch Financing Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and between AgileThought, Inc., and AN Global LLC, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Blue Torch Finance LLC as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2022). 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 10.32.1+ First Amendment to the Blue Torch Financing Agreement, dated August 10, 2022, by and between AgileThought, Inc., and AN Global LLC, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Blue Torch Finance LLC as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q field with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 
 10.32.2+ Second Amendment to the Blue Torch Financing Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, by and between AgileThought, Inc., and AN Global LLC, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Blue Torch Finance LLC as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 
 10.32.3+ Waiver and Third Amendment to the Blue Torch Financing Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between AgileThought, Inc., and AN Global LLC, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Blue Torch Finance LLC as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 10.32.4+ Fourth Amendment to the Blue Torch Financing Agreement, dated March 7 , 2023, by and between AgileThought, Inc., and AN Global LLC, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Blue Torch Finance LLC as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 10.32.5+ Supplemental Agreement, dated March 9, 2023, to Fourth Amendment to the Blue Torch Financing Agreement, dated March 7, 2023, by and between AgileThought, Inc., and AN Global LLC, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Blue Torch Finance LLC as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 10.33 Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and between Blue Torch Finance LLC, GLAS USA LLC and GLAS Americas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2022). 
 10.34+# Employment Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, by and between Amit Singh and AgileThought, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022). 
 10.35 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and between Exitus Capital S.A.P.I. de C.V., SOFOM E.N.R., AGS Group LLC and AgileThought, Inc. 
 21.1 List of subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. + The schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: March 13, 2023 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. 
 By: 
 /s/ Amit Singh 
 Amit Singh 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Manuel Senderos Fern ndez Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) March 13, 2023 Manuel Senderos Fern ndez /s/ Amit Singh Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 13, 2023 Amit Singh /s/ David Molero Santos Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 13, 2023 David Molero Santos /s/ Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez Elizondo Director March 13, 2023 Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez Elizondo /s/ Diego Zavala Director March 13, 2023 Diego Zavala /s/ Alexander R. Rossi Director March 13, 2023 Alexander R. Rossi /s/ Alejandro Rojas Domene Director March 13, 2023 Alejandro Rojas Domene /s/ Mauricio Jorge Rioseco Orihuela Director March 13, 2023 Mauricio Jorge Rioseco Orihuela /s/ Arturo Jos Saval P rez Director March 13, 2023 Arturo Jos Saval P rez /s/ Roberto Langenauer Neuman Director March 13, 2023 Roberto Langenauer Neuman /s/ Andr s Borrego y Marr n Director March 13, 2023 Andr s Borrego y Marr n /s/ Gerardo Ben tez Pel ez Director March 13, 2023 Gerardo Ben tez Pel ez /s/ Marina Diaz Ibarra Director March 13, 2023 Marina Diaz Ibarra 
 129 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 exhibit44-formoffirstlienw.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 
 Exhibit 4.4 

THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT ), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER HEREOF, TO THE EFFECT THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE 1933 ACT AS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT IS AVAILABLE. 
 
 AgileThought, Inc. 
 
 FORM OF WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 
 
 Warrant No. 
 
 Date of Issuance The Termination Date, as defined in the Credit Agreement 
 
 AgileThought, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the Company ), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the holder(s) identified on Schedule A hereto, or its assigns (collectively, the Holder ), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, at any time or times on or after the date hereof (the Issuance Date until the Expiration Date (as defined below), 1 fully paid nonassessable shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided herein (the Warrant Shares ). Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this Warrant ), shall have the meanings set forth in Section 15 hereof. This Warrant has been issued in connection with that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2019, by and among IT GLOBAL HOLDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 4TH SOURCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, AGILETHOUGHT, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, AN EXTEND, S.A. de C.V., a sociedad anonima de capital variable incorporated under the laws of Mexico, AN EVOLUTION S. DE R.L. DE C.V., a sociedad de responsabilidad limitada de capital variable incorporated under the laws of Mexico, AN GLOBAL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, AGILETHOUGHT, INC. (f k a AN GLOBAL INC.), a Delaware corporation, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the financial institutions that are or may from time to time become parties thereto, and MONROE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ADVISORS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (as amended, restated, supplemented, refinanced, extended or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). 
 
 1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 
 
 (a) Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof (including, without limitation, the limitations set forth in Section 1(d) ), this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, in whole or in part, by (i) delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise all or part of this Warrant and (ii)(A) payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds or (B) by instructing the Company to withhold a number of Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise of this Warrant with an aggregate Fair Market Value as of the date of the Exercise Notice equal to the Aggregate Exercise Price (a Cashless Exercise ). The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder, nor shall any ink-original signature or medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) with respect to any Exercise Notice be required. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice with respect to a number of Warrant Shares that is less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and the issuance of a new Warrant, on the same terms contained herein, evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares. On or before the first (1 st Business Day following the date on which the Company has received the Exercise Notice, the Company shall transmit by electronic mail an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt of the Exercise Notice to the Holder and the 
 
 1 7,000,000 (provided, however, that if the Administrative Agent and Lenders receive Payment in Full, as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement, prior to or on February 28, 2022, such amount shall be reduced to 5,000,000) divided by the average closing price of shares of Common Stock on the Principal Market for the 20 consecutive Trading Days preceding the Termination Date. Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market. Principal Market means The Nasdaq Capital Market, or, if The Nasdaq Capital Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded. 

Company s transfer agent (the Transfer Agent and shall provide to the Holder instructions for payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price, if applicable. On or before the third (3rd) Business Day following the date on which the Company has received the Exercise Notice (the Share Delivery Date ), so long as the Holder delivers the Aggregate Exercise Price (or notice of a Cashless Exercise) on or prior to noon Eastern Time on the second (2nd) Business Day following the date on which the Company has received the Exercise Notice (provided that if the Aggregate Exercise Price (or notice of a Cashless Exercise) has not been delivered by such date, the Share Delivery Date shall be two (2) Business Days after the Aggregate Exercise Price (or notice of a Cashless Exercise) is delivered), the Company shall credit such aggregate number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holder s or its designee s account with the Transfer Agent or, if requested by the Holder, by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee. The Company shall be responsible for all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of the Warrant Shares, including the fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent, if any. Upon delivery of the Exercise Notice and the Aggregate Exercise Price (or notice of a Cashless Exercise) therefore, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record and beneficial owner of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are delivered. If this Warrant is physically delivered by Holder to the Company in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and the number of Warrant Shares available for exercise pursuant to this Warrant is greater than the number of Warrant Shares Holder seeks to acquire pursuant to the current exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after such exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (on the same terms contained herein and in accordance with Section 6(e) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares issuable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional Warrant Shares are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay (or reimburse Holder for) any and all taxes which may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant. The Company s obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination provided , however , that the Company shall not be required to deliver Warrant Shares with respect to an exercise prior to the Holder s delivery of the Aggregate Exercise Price (or notice of a Cashless Exercise) with respect to such exercise. 
 
 (b) Exercise Price . For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means 0.0001 per Warrant Share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. 
 
 (c) Disputes . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 10 hereof. 
 
 (d) Limitations on Exercise . 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant, and the Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, and any such exercise shall be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, the Holder together with the other Attribution Parties collectively would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 (the Maximum Percentage of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, by written notice to the Company, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 19.999 of the Common Stock of the Company issued and outstanding on November 15, 2021 (when taken together with any shares issued pursuant to the Second Lien Agreement (as defined in the Credit Agreement), unless the Company s shareholders shall have approved the issuance of the Monroe Supporting Shares (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and the transactions contemplated by this Warrant) specified in such notice and such percentage will be deemed the new Maximum Percentage for all purposes under this Warrant provided , that any such increase will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. For purposes of the preceding sentences, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and the other Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by the Holder and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (B) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred stock or warrants, including other warrants issued concurrently herewith) beneficially owned by the Holder or any other Attribution Party subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section 1(d) . For purposes of this Section 1(d) , beneficial ownership 
 2 

shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For purposes of determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock the Holder may acquire upon the exercise of this Warrant without exceeding the Maximum Percentage, there were 41,970,915 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on November 15, 2021. 
 
 (ii) If the Company receives an Exercise Notice from the Holder at a time when the when the issuance of the Warrant Shares would not comply with applicable law, including the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed) Applicable Law ), the Company shall (A) notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with any other transaction by the Company that may be aggregated with the issuance of the Warrant Shares under the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any other securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed), and to the extent that such Exercise Notice would otherwise cause the Holder s beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 1(d) , to exceed the Maximum Percentage or would not comply with Applicable Law, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be acquired pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares and (B) as soon as reasonably practicable, the Company shall return to the Holder any Exercise Price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares. 
 
 (iii) Upon the written request of the Holder, the Company shall promptly confirm in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with any other transaction by the Company that may be aggregated with the issuance of the Warrant Shares under the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any other securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed). 
 
 (iv) For purposes of clarity, (A) the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage or the issuance of which would not comply with Applicable Law shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the 1934 Act and (B) the number of shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall not exceed 8,394,182 shares 2 of Common Stock, when taken together with the Monroe Supporting Shares (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and any shares issued pursuant to the Second Lien Agreement (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 
 (v) No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to this Section 1(d) shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this Section 1(d) with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 1(d) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this Section 1(d) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership or Applicable Law limitation contained in this Section 1(d) or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this Section 1(d) may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 
 
 (e) Required Reserve Amount . So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance, free from preemptive or any other contingent purchase rights (other than those of the Holder), under this Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock equal to at least 100 of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Company s obligation to issue shares of Common Stock under this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein) (the Required Reserve Amount ). At no time shall the number of shares of Common Stock reserved pursuant to this Section 1(e) be reduced other than proportionally in connection with any exercise of this Warrant or such other event covered by Section 2 below. 
 
 (f) Insufficient Authorized Shares . If, notwithstanding Section 1(e) , and not in limitation thereof, at any time while this Warrant remains outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure ), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the 
 
 2 If the Company shall, at any time or from time to time prior to the Issuance Date, reclassify or subdivide (including by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, substitutions, exchange or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, this number of shares shall be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time prior to the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, this number of shares shall be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this footnote will become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. The provisions of this footnote will similarly apply to successive stock dividends, stock splits or combinations, reclassifications, exchanges, substitutions, or other events occurring prior to the Issuance Date. 
 3 

Company s authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall file a proxy statement for a meeting of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement, the Company s board of directors shall recommend each stockholder vote in favor of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock, the Company shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and promptly after receipt of such approval the Company shall file an amendment to its certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware reflecting the increased in authorized shares of Common Stock. 
 
 2. ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows 
 
 (a) Adjustment Upon Dividend, Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company shall, at any time or from time to time after the Issuance Date, (i) pay a dividend or make any other distribution upon the Common Stock without consideration or (ii) reclassify or subdivide (including by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, substitutions, exchange or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to any such dividend, distribution, reclassification or subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(a) will become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. The provisions of this Section 2 will similarly apply to successive stock dividends, stock splits or combinations, reclassifications, exchanges, substitutions, or other events. 
 
 (b) Certificate as to Adjustment . As promptly as reasonably practicable following any adjustment of the Exercise Price, but in any event not later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter, the Company shall furnish to the Holder a certificate of an executive officer setting forth in reasonable detail such adjustment and the facts upon which it is based and certifying the calculation thereof. As promptly as reasonably practicable following the receipt by the Company of a written request by the Holder, but in any event not later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter, the Company shall furnish to the Holder a certificate of an executive officer certifying the Exercise Price then in effect and the number of Warrant Shares or the amount, if any, of other shares of stock, securities or assets then issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. 
 
 3. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . Upon the occurrence of any reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company to another Person (pursuant to which the Warrant Shares will be converted into cash, securities or other property of the Company or another Person) or similar transaction involving the Company, lawful provision shall be made so that the Holder shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon exercise of this Warrant, the kind and amount of cash, securities or other property of the successor corporation resulting from such transaction, equivalent in value to that which the Holder would have been entitled to in such transaction if this Warrant had been exercised immediately prior to such transaction. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Warrant with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder after such transaction such that the provisions of this Warrant shall be applicable after such transaction, as near as reasonably can be, in relation to any shares or other securities deliverable after the transaction upon exercise of this Warrant. 
 
 4. NONCIRCUMVENTION . The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant and (ii) shall, so long as any of the Warrants are outstanding, take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise of the Warrants, the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise of the Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 
 
 5. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER LEGEND REGISTRATION RIGHTS . 
 4 

(a) No Stock Rights . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in such Person s capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of capital stock of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Person s capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 
 
 (b) Legend . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5(b) , each certificate for Warrant Shares initially issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, and each certificate for Warrant Shares issued to any subsequent transferee of any such certificate, shall be stamped or otherwise bear a legend in substantially the following form (the Securities Act Legend 
 
 THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT ), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER HEREOF, TO THE EFFECT THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE 1933 ACT AS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT IS AVAILABLE. 
 Certificates evidencing the Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the Securities Act Legend), (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such Warrant Shares is effective under the 1933 Act, (ii) following any sale of such Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the 1933 Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission). The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 5(b) and upon the request of the Holder, the Company will, no later than three (3) Business Days following the delivery by a Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of Warrant Shares issued with a Securities Act Legend deliver or cause to be delivered to such Holder Warrant Shares free from any Securities Act Legend or other legend. The Company will use its best efforts, including delivering an opinion to the Transfer Agent at its own expense, to ensure any legend (including the Securities Act Legend) is removed in accordance with this Section 5(b) . 
 
 (c) Registration Rights . The Warrant Shares are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 28, 2021, between the Company and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC. 
 
 6. REISSUANCE OF WARRANTS . 
 
 (a) Registration of Warrant . The Company shall register this Warrant, upon the records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register ), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. The Company shall also register any transfer, exchange, reissuance or cancellation of any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register. No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any registration of transfer, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer taxes required in connection with making of any such transfer. 
 
 (b) Transfer of Warrant . Subject to applicable securities laws, if this Warrant is to be transferred by the Holder, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, together with all applicable transfer taxes, whereupon the Company will, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(e) ), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(e) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred. The acceptance of the new Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the new Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. 
 5 

(c) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form (but without the obligation to post a bond) and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(e) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant. 
 
 (d) Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants . This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 6(e) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender provided , however , that the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, shall not be required to issue Warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock hereunder, but rather the number of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. 
 
 (e) Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company or its Transfer Agent, as directed by the Company, is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall (i) be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 6(b) or Section 6(c) , the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date and (iv) have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant. 
 
 7. NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in writing, (a) if delivered from within the domestic United States, by first-class registered or certified airmail, or nationally recognized overnight express courier, postage prepaid or electronic mail or (b) if delivered from outside the United States, by International Federal Express or electronic mail, and (c) will be deemed given (i) if delivered by first-class registered or certified mail domestic, three (3) Business Days after so mailed, (ii) if delivered by nationally recognized overnight carrier, one business day after so mailed, (iii) if delivered by International Federal Express, two (2) Business Days after so mailed and (iv) if delivered by electronic mail, upon electronic confirmation of receipt, and will be delivered and addressed as follows 
 
 (i) if to the Company, to 
 
 AgileThought, Inc. 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd. Suite 1650E Irving, Texas 75039 
 Attention Chief Financial Officer 
 Email jorge.pliego agilethought.com 
 
 with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to 
 
 Mayer Brown LLP 
 Two Palo Alto Square 
 3000 El Camino Real 
 Palo Alto, CA 94306-2112 
 Attn Jennifer Carlson and Christina Thomas 
 Email Jennifer.carlson mayerbrown.com and cmthomas mayerbrown.com 
 
 (ii) if to the Holder, to the address set forth on Schedule A. 
 
 with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to 
 
 Sidley Austin LLP 
 One South Dearborn 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attention Andrew R. Cardonick 
 Email acardonick sidley.com 

6 

8. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended or waived and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. No waiver by the Company or the Holder of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Warrant shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. 
 
 9. GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION JURY TRIAL . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. The Company hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to the Company at the address set forth in Section 7(i) above or such other address as the Company subsequently delivers to the Holder and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Company s obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
 
 10. DISPUTE RESOLUTION . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations in writing (including via facsimile or email) within two (2) Business Days of receipt of the Exercise Notice giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within three (3) Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days submit in writing (including via facsimile or email) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder. The Company shall cause at its expense the investment bank to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment bank s determination or calculation, as the case may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. 
 
 11. REMEDIES, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF . The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 
 
 12. TRANSFER . 
 
 (a) Holder agrees not to make any sale, transfer, assignment, hypothecation or other disposal of all or any portion of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares or any beneficial interest herein or therein, unless (i) a registration statement under the 1933 Act covering the disposition of such securities is effective or the Company is provided with an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that such sale, transfer, assignment, hypothecation or other disposal will be exempt from the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 
 7 

registration or qualification requirements of any applicable state securities laws and (ii) the transferee shall have confirmed to the Company in writing, the representations and warranties set forth in Section 14(b). 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 12(a), this Warrant or the Warrant Shares may be transferred to (i) any Affiliate of the Holder, (ii) any Person that is a permitted Assignee under the Credit Agreement, or (iii) any successor administrative agent appointed pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 

13. SEVERABILITY CONSTRUCTION HEADINGS . If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s). This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and Holder and shall not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant. 

14. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
 
 (a) The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Holder and covenants that 
 
 (i) Organization Authorization . The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted or proposed to be conducted. The Company further represents and warrants to the Holder that it has taken all necessary corporate action and has obtained all necessary approvals in connection with the issuance of this Warrant and the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof. Except as described in this Warrant, no Company shareholder approval is required in connection with the issuance of this Warrant or the Warrant Share issuable upon exercise thereof. The Company has applied to list the Warrant Shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market (or such other securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed). This Warrant, when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles. 
 
 (ii) Capitalization . The Company now has, and shall at all times keep reserved for issuance, free from preemptive or any other contingent purchase rights (other than those of the Holder), under this Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance equal to the Required Reserve Amount. The Warrant Shares have been duly and validly reserved for issuance, and upon issuance in accordance with the terms of the Warrant, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of any liens or encumbrances. 
 
 (iii) Non-Contravention . The execution and delivery of this Warrant does not, and the issuance of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of this Warrant will not (A) violate the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (B) violate any law or regulation applicable to the Company or order or decree of any court or public authority having jurisdiction over the Company, or (C) result in a breach of any material mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or undertaking to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. 

(b) Representations and Warranties of the Holder . Holder hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows 
 
 (i) Organization Authorization . The Holder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with full corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Warrant and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Warrant has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or limited liability company action on the part of the Holder. This Warrant has been duly executed by the Holder, and when delivered by the Holder in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Holder, enforceable against it in accordance 
 8 

with its terms, except as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 
 (ii) Understandings or Arrangements . The Holder is acquiring this Warrant as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares (this representation and warranty not limiting the Holder s right to sell the Warrant Shares pursuant to any effective registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). 
 
 (iii) Status . At the time the Holder was offered this Warrant, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the 1933 Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the 1933 Act. The Holder is not required to be registered as a broker-dealer under Section 15 of the 1934 Act. 
 
 (iv) Experience of the Holder . The Holder, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in this Warrant, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Holder is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in this Warrant and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 
 
 15. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 (a) 1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 (b) 1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 (c) Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10 or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 
 
 (d) Attribution Parties means, with respect to any Person, any other Person (including any other Persons with whom the first Person is deemed to be acting with together as a group) whose beneficial ownership would be aggregated with such first Person s (including by aggregation with one or more other Attribution Parties) for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage. 
 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 
 
 (f) Common Stock means (i) the Company s Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which such Common Stock shall have been changed or any capital stock resulting from a reclassification of such Common Stock. 
 
 (g) Expiration Date means the date that is the fifth anniversary of the Issuance Date. 
 
 (h) Fair Market Value means, as of any particular date (a) the volume weighted average of the closing sales prices of the Common Stock for such day on all domestic securities exchanges on which the Common Stock may at the time be listed (b) if there have been no sales of the Common Stock on any such exchange on any such day, the average of the highest bid and lowest asked prices for the Common Stock on all such exchanges at the end of such day (c) if on any such day the Common Stock is not listed on a domestic securities exchange, the closing sales price of the Common Stock as quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the Pink OTC Markets or similar quotation system or association for such day or (d) if there have been no sales of the Common Stock on the OTC Bulletin Board, the Pink OTC Markets or similar quotation system or association on such day, the average of the highest bid and lowest asked prices for the Common Stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the Pink OTC Markets or similar quotation system or association at the end of such day in each case, averaged over twenty (20) consecutive Business Days ending on the Business Day immediately prior to the day as of which Fair Market Value is being determined provided , that if the Common Stock is listed on any domestic securities exchange, the term Business Day as used in this sentence means Business Days on which such exchange is open for trading. If at any time the Common Stock is not listed on any domestic securities exchange or quoted on the OTC 
 9 

Bulletin Board, the Pink OTC Markets or similar quotation system or association, the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock shall be the fair market value per share as determined by the Company s board of directors in good faith. 
 
 (i) Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Signature Page Follows 
 
 10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have caused this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above. 
 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. By Name Title 

Accepted and agreed By Name Title 

11 

SCHEDULE A 
 
 Name 
 311 South Wacker Drive, Suite 6400 Chicago, IL 60606 Attn Jeffrey Cupples Email jcupples monroecap.com 

12 

EXHIBIT A 
 EXERCISE NOTICE 
 To be executed only upon exercise of Warrant 
 To AgileThought, Inc. 
 The undersigned registered owner of the Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued on date (the Warrant irrevocably exercises the Warrant for the purchase of ______ shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Warrant Shares of AgileThought, Inc. (the Company and hereby elects to pay the Exercise Price therefore in full as follows (check applicable box) 
 pursuant to Section 1(a)(ii)(A) of the Warrant by delivery to the Company of a certified or official bank check payable to the order of the Company or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in writing by the Company, in the amount of such Aggregate Exercise Price, or 
 pursuant to the Cashless Exercise option set forth in Section 1(a)(ii)(B) of the Warrant, 
 all at the price and on the terms and conditions specified in the Warrant and requests that certificates (if any) for the Warrant Shares hereby purchased (and any securities or other property issuable upon such exercise) be issued in the name of and delivered to 
 _______________________________________________________________, whose address is 
 _____________________________________________________________________________ 
 and, if such Warrant Shares shall not include all of the Warrant Shares issuable as provided in the Warrant and the Warrant is provided herewith, that a new Warrant of like tenor and date for the balance of the Warrant Shares issuable thereunder be delivered to the undersigned or as provided in the Warrant. 
 
 _______________________________ (Name of Registered Owner) 
 _______________________________ (Signature of Registered Owner) 
 _______________________________ (Street Address) 
 _______________________________ (City) (State) (Zip Code) 
 
 13 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 exhibit45-descriptionofsec.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 
 Exhibit 4.5 

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 The following description of the capital stock of AgileThought, Inc. (the Company, we, us, and our and certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the charter ), bylaws (the bylaws ), and Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2019, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and LIV Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the warrant agreement ), are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the charter, bylaws, and warrant agreement, copies of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). 

General 
 
 Our charter authorizes the issuance of 220,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of (x) 210,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share and (y) 10,000,000 shares of our preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 48,402,534 shares of our Class A Common Stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 
 Class A Common Stock 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our Class A Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol AGIL. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Each holder of the shares of Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder on all matters properly submitted to the stockholders for their vote provided, however, that except as otherwise required by applicable law, holders of Class A Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the proposed charter that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to applicable law or the proposed charter (including any certificate of designation filed with respect to any one or more series of preferred stock). The holders of the shares of Class A Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Generally, all matters to be voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority (or, in the case of election of directors, by a plurality) of the votes entitled to be cast by all stockholders present in person or represented by proxy, voting together as a single class. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding preferred stock, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors of out of funds legally available therefor. 
 
 Rights upon Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding-Up 
 
 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, the holders of the shares of Class A Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of our debts and other liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of preferred stock or any class or series of stock having a preference over the shares of Class A Common Stock, then outstanding, if any. 
 
 Preemptive or Other Rights 

The holders of shares of Class A Common Stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock, and to fix the number of shares of any such series. Our board of directors is authorized to determine for such series the powers, including voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such the designation, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, all as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the designation and issue of such shares of preferred stock from time to time adopted by our board of directors providing for the issuance of such shares and as may be permitted by the DGCL. The number of authorized shares of preferred stock, or any series thereof, may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the outstanding shares of stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon, without a separate vote of the holders of the preferred stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms of any certificate of designation filed with respect to any one or more series of preferred stock. 
 
 The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us without further action by the stockholders. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of the Class A Common Stock of us by restricting dividends on the shares of Class A Common Stock, diluting the voting power of the shares of Class A Common Stock or subordinating the liquidation rights of the shares of Class A Common Stock. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse impact on the market price of the shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 10,861,230 warrants to purchase Class A Common Stock outstanding, consisting of 8,049,980 public warrants and 2,811,250 private warrants. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The warrants will expire on August 23, 2026, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 Our warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol AGILW. 
 
 Public Warrants 
 
 Each whole public warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky laws of the state of residence of the holder (or we permit holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). A warrant holder may exercise its public warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the warrant holder. The public warrants will expire on August 23, 2026, at 5 00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a public warrant and will have no obligation to settle such public warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to us satisfying our obligations described below with respect to 

registration. No public warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their public warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a public warrant, the holder of such public warrant will not be entitled to exercise such public warrant and such public warrant may have no value and expire worthless. 
 
 We have agreed to maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the public warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, warrant holders may exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. On September 14, 2021, we filed a resale shelf registration statement covering the resale of all registrable securities, which was declared effective on September 27, 2021. 
 
 We may redeem the public warrants 
 
 in whole and not in part 
 
 at a price of 0.01 per public warrant 
 
 upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice of redemption to each public warrant holder 
 
 if, and only if, the reported last sales price of the shares of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the public warrant holders and 
 
 if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such warrants. 
 
 If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 
 If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the public warrants, each public warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its public warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the shares of Class A Common Stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 11.50 public warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 
 If we call the public warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its public warrant to do so on a cashless basis. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of public warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their public warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average last reported sale price of the shares of Class A Common Stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of public warrants. 
 
 Public warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their public warrants such that an electing public warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to 

such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. 
 
 The exercise price and number of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A Common Stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 
 
 The public warrants are issued in registered form under the warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the public warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 
 
 The public warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to the Company, for the number of public warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their public warrants and receive shares of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the public warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by holders of shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 
 
 Private Warrants 
 
 The private warrants (including the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. or its permitted transferees. LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor, L.P., as well as its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private warrants on a cashless basis and has certain registration rights related to such private warrants. Otherwise, the private warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the public warrants. If the private warrants are held by holders other than LIV Capital Acquisition Sponsor, L.P. or its permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. 
 
 If holders of the private warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their public warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average last reported sale price of the shares of Class A Common Stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of public warrants. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law, Our Charter and Our Bylaws 
 
 We are a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which we refer to as Section 203, regulating corporate takeovers. 

Section 203 prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with 
 
 a stockholder who owns fifteen percent or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder 
 
 an affiliate of an interested stockholder or 
 
 an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 
 
 A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than ten percent of our assets. 
 
 However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if 
 
 our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction 
 
 after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock or 
 
 on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 Our charter, our bylaws and the DGCL contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the members of our board of directors or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. For instance, our charter does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors and provides for a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors. Our board of directors are empowered to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director in certain circumstances and our advance notice provisions in our bylaws require that stockholders must comply with certain procedures in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting. 
 
 Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 
 Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Among other things, our charter and our bylaws 
 
 not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors 
 
 provides for the exclusive right of the board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director by stockholders 

permits the board of directors to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval 
 
 prohibits stockholder action by written consent 
 
 requires that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer or the board of directors 
 
 limits the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers 
 
 controls the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of stockholder meetings 
 
 provides for a classified board, in which the members of the board of directors are divided into three classes to serve for a period of three years from the date of their respective appointment or election 
 
 grants the ability to remove directors with cause by the affirmative vote of 66 2 3 in voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at an election of directors 
 
 requires the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, to amend the bylaws or Articles V, VI, VII and VIII of the charter and 
 
 provides for advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to the board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting. 
 
 The combination of these provisions will make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change our control. 
 
 These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies and to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to hostile takeovers and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares of Class A Common Stock and may have the effect of delaying changes in our control or management. As a consequence, these provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Our charter provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for actions or proceedings brought under Delaware statutory or common law (1) any derivative claim or cause of action brought on behalf of the Company (B) any claim or cause of action for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company, to the Company or the Company s stockholders (C) any claim or cause of action against the Company or any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the charter or the bylaws of the Company (as each may be amended from time to time) (D) any claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the charter or the bylaws of the Company (as each may be amended from time to time, including any right, obligation, or remedy thereunder) (E) any claim or cause of action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and (F) any claim or cause of action against the Company or any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company, governed by the internal-affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. Our charter further provides that the federal district 

courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision of our charter will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and therefore bring a claim in another appropriate forum. Additionally, we cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-4.8>
 4
 exhibit48-exitusequityissu.htm
 EX-4.8

Document 
 Exhibit 4.8 

 EXITUS EQUITY ISSUANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Exitus Equity Issuance Agreement (this Agreement is dated as of February 9 , 2023, between AgileThought, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and EXITUS CAPITAL, SOCIEDAD AN NIMA PROMOTORA DE INVERSI N DE CAPITAL VARIABLE, SOCIEDAD FINANCIERA DE OBJETO M LTIPLE, ENTIDAD NO REGULADA, in its capacity as Lender under the Loan Facility referred to below (in such capacity, the Lender ). 
 WHEREAS, on July 26, 2021, AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. DE C.V., as borrower (the Borrower and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Simple Loan Facility (as further amended, the Loan Facility ), by and among EXITUS CAPITAL, SOCIEDAD AN NIMA PROMOTORA DE INVERSI N DE CAPITAL VARIABLE, SOCIEDAD FINANCIERA DE OBJETO M LTIPLE, ENTIDAD NO REGULADA, as Lender, the Borrower and Diego Zavala, as joint obligor and guarantor 
 WHEREAS, on January 25, 2022, the Borrower and the Lender entered into a first amendment to the Loan Facility extending the term thereof for a period of six (6) months 
 WHEREAS, on July 26, 2022, the Borrower and the Lender entered into a second amendment to the Loan Facility extending the terms thereof for an additional period of six (6) months 
 WHEREAS, as of January 26, 2023, the Borrower and the Lender entered into a third amendment to the Loan Facility (the Amendment that provides for the Company to issue 5,160,000 USD worth of the Company s Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 (the Common Stock ), to the Lender, and extend the term of the Loan Facility thereof for a period of six (6) months, subject to the conditions described in the Amendment and this Agreement 
 WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company desires to issue to the Lender, and the Lender desires to accept from the Company, shares of Common Stock as more fully described in this Agreement and 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement and the Amendment, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Lender agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I. 
 DEFINITIONS 
 1.1 Definitions . In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10 or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 
 Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in 
 751886662 

the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 
 Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1. 
 Closing Date means the Business Day on which all conditions precedent to the Lender s and the Company s obligations, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the third Business Day following the date hereof. 
 Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 
 Registration Rights Agreement means the registration rights agreement between the Company and the Lender, executed in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. 
 Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 
 Transfer means the (i) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any security or (ii) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise. 
 Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 
 ARTICLE II. 
 CLOSING AND ISSUANCE 
 2 
 751886662 

2.1 Closing . On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to issue, and the Lender agrees to accept 1,207,712 shares of Common Stock (the Securities ). The Company and the Lender shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of counsel for the Company or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. 
 2.2 Deliveries . 
 (a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Lender the following 
 (i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company 
 (ii) the Securities, which shares shall be registered on the books of the Transfer Agent, and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Lender a statement evidencing such issuance and 
 (iii) the Registration Rights Agreement in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, duly executed by the Company. 
 (b) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Lender shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following 
 (i) this Agreement duly executed by the Lender and 
 (iii) the Registration Rights Agreement in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, duly executed by the Lender. 
 2.3 Closing Conditions . 
 (a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met 
 (i) the accuracy in all material respects on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Lender contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein, and interpreted without giving effect to any materiality qualification contained therein) 
 (ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Lender required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed and 
 (iii) the delivery by the Lender of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement. 
 (b) The obligations of the Lender hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met 
 (i) the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein, and interpreted without giving effect to any materiality qualification contained therein) 
 3 
 751886662 

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed and 
 (iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE III. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Lender as follows 
 (a) Organization Authority . The Company is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with full corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company, and when delivered by the Company in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 (b) Non-Contravention . The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the issuance of the Securities will not, (i) violate the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) violate any law or regulation applicable to the Company or order or decree of any court or public authority having jurisdiction over the Company, or (iii) result in a breach of any material mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or undertaking to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. 
 3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Lender . The Lender hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein) 
 (a) Organization Authority . The Lender is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with full company power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by the Lender of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary company action on the part of the Lender. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Lender, and when delivered by the Lender in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Lender, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 (b) Understandings or Arrangements . The Lender is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the 
 4 
 751886662 

Securities (this representation and warranty not limiting the Lender s right to sell the Securities pursuant to any effective registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). 
 (c) Status . At the time the Lender was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. The Lender is not required to be registered as a broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act. 
 (d) Experience of the Lender . The Lender, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Lender is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 
 (e) Non-Registration of Securities . The Lender understands that issuance of the Securities is not being registered with the Commission and that accordingly the Lender must hold the Securities indefinitely unless they are registered with the Commission and qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available. The Lender represents that it is familiar with Rule 144, as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby. 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 OTHER AGREEMENTS 
 4.1 Integration . The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the issuance of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 
 4.2 Listing of Common Stock . The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and prior to the Closing, the Company shall apply to list all of the Securities on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Securities, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Securities to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market concurrently with such listing or quotation. 
 4.3 Delivery of Securities after Closing . The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Securities to the Lender within three Business Days of the Closing Date. 
 4.4 Restriction on Sale of Securities . The Lender hereby agrees and covenants that, it will not, during the period from the date of the Closing and ending on the earlier of (i) July 27, 2023 or (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Facility) (the Lock-Up Period ), Transfer any of the Securities (a Prohibited Transfer ), except to a permitted assignee pursuant to Section 5.6. If any Prohibited Transfer is made or attempted contrary to the provisions of this Agreement, such purported Prohibited Transfer shall be null and void ab initio , and the Company shall refuse to recognize any such purported transferee of the Securities as one 
 5 
 751886662 

of its shareholders for any purpose. The foregoing restriction is expressly agreed to preclude the Lender from engaging in any hedging or other transaction with respect to Securities which is designed to or which reasonably could be expected to lead to or result in a sale or disposition of the Securities even if such Securities would be disposed of by someone other than the Lender. Such prohibited hedging or other transactions include any short sale or any purchase, sale or grant of any right (including any put or call option) with respect to any of the Securities, or with respect to any security that includes, relates to, or derives any significant part of its value from such Securities. In order to enforce this Section 4.4, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Securities until the end of the Lock-Up Period, as well as include customary legends on any certificates for any of the Securities reflecting the restrictions under this Section 4.4. 
 4.5 Proceeds upon Sale of Securities . Upon disposing of any Securities, the Lender shall apply 100 of the net proceeds from such disposition as the mandatory prepayment of the Amount of The Loan (as defined in the Loan Facility) then due (minus any previously made payments thereunder) and any default interest accrued and, if such proceeds exceed the Amount of the Loan, the Lender shall remit such excess amount to the Company. Net proceeds shall mean gross proceeds from the sale of any Securities minus reasonable and customary sales or underwriting commissions (not to exceed 5 of the value of each transaction). 
 4.6 Return of Securities . Upon payment in full of the Amount of the Loan then due (minus any previously made payments thereunder) and any default interest accrued, the Lender shall return to the Company any Securities that have not been disposed of in accordance with Section 4.5 of this Agreement. 
 4.7 Voting . The Lender shall not exercise any voting rights with respect to the Securities, including by granting or purporting to grant any proxy with respect to the Securities, depositing the Securities into a voting trust or entering into any agreement (other than this Agreement), arrangement or understanding with any Person, directly or indirectly, to vote, grant any proxy or give instructions with respect to the voting of any of the Securities, in each case, with respect to any matter. 
 4.11 Dividends and Distributions. Any dividends, whether cash dividends or stock dividends, stock splits, and any other distributions from or under the Securities, received by the Lender from time to time during the term of this Agreement shall be, (a) with respect to cash dividends or distributions, applied as the mandatory prepayment of the Amount of the Loan or (b) with respect to stock dividends, splits or distributions, added to and become a part of the Securities (and, as such, shall become subject to the terms of this Agreement). 
 4.12 Tax Treatment . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, for U.S. federal and applicable state and local tax purposes (i) the Securities shall not be treated as outstanding, and (ii) a disposition of the Securities by the Lender and the application of the net proceeds from such disposition as a repayment of the Amount of the Loan shall be treated as an initial issuance of the Securities by the Company and a repayment of the Amount of the Loan by the Company with the proceeds of such issuance. The parties hereto agree not to report or take any position for U.S. federal and applicable state and local tax purposes that is inconsistent with such intended tax treatment. 
 ARTICLE V. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 6 
 751886662 

5.1 Fees and Expenses . Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 
 5.2 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Loan Facility and the Amendment, contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement, on the one hand, and the Loan Facility and Amendment, on the other hand, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. 
 5.3 Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5 30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, (b) the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5 30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (c) the second (2nd) Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. 
 5.4 Amendments Waivers . No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed by the Company and the Lender. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 
 5.5 Headings . The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 
 5.6 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Lender. The Lender may not assign this Agreement or any of the rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 5.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person. 
 5.8 Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction 
 7 
 751886662 

contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 5.9 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 
 5.10 Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 
 5.11 Remedies . In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Lender and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under this Agreement. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in this Agreement and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
 5.12 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 
 5.13 Construction . The parties agree that each of them and or their respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity to revise this Agreement and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement or any amendments hereto. 
 5.14 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 
 8 
 751886662 

(Signature Pages Follow) 
 9 
 751886662 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Equity Issuance Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Chairman & CEO EXITUS CAPITAL, SOCIEDAD AN NIMA PROMOTORA DE INVERSI N DE CAPITAL VARIABLE, SOCIEDAD FINANCIERA DE OBJETO M LTIPLE, ENTIDAD NO REGULADA, as Lender By s Ramon Garcia Torres Name Ramon Garcia Torres Title COO 
 
 751886662 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 751886662 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-4.9>
 5
 exhibit49-agsequityissuanc.htm
 EX-4.9

Document 
 Exhibit 4.9 

 AGS EQUITY ISSUANCE AGREEMENT 
 This AGS Equity Issuance Agreement (this Agreement is dated as of February 9 , 2023, between AgileThought, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and AGS Group LLC AGS ), in its capacity as Lender under the Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note referred to below (in such capacity, the Lender ). 
 WHEREAS, on May 19, 2022, the Company, as borrower, entered into the Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note, with the Lender. 
 WHEREAS, effective January 31, 2023, the Company and the Lender entered into the Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note (the Promissory Note ), and the Company agreed to issue 1,770,400 worth of the Company s Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 (the Common Stock ), to the Lender, subject to the conditions described in this Agreement 
 WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company desires to issue to the Lender, and the Lender desires to accept from the Company, shares of Common Stock as more fully described in this Agreement and 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement and the Amendment, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Lender agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I. 
 DEFINITIONS 
 1.1 Definitions . In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10 or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 
 Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 
 Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1. 
 Closing Date means the Business Day on which all conditions precedent to the Lender s and the Company s obligations, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the third Business Day following the date hereof. 
 Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 751915550 

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 
 Registration Rights Agreement means the registration rights agreement between the Company and the Lender, executed in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. 
 Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 
 Transfer means the (i) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any security or (ii) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise. 
 Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 
 ARTICLE II. 
 CLOSING AND ISSUANCE 
 2.1 Closing . On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to issue, and the Lender agrees to accept 414,367 shares of Common Stock (the Securities ). The Company and the Lender shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of counsel for the Company or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. 
 2.2 Deliveries . 
 (a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Lender the following 
 (i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company 
 2 
 751915550 

(ii) the Securities, which shares shall be registered on the books of the Transfer Agent, and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Lender a statement evidencing such issuance and 
 (iii) the Registration Rights Agreement in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, duly executed by the Company. 
 (b) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Lender shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following 
 (i) this Agreement duly executed by the Lender and 
 (iii) the Registration Rights Agreement in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, duly executed by the Lender. 
 2.3 Closing Conditions . 
 (a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met 
 (i) the accuracy in all material respects on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Lender contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein, and interpreted without giving effect to any materiality qualification contained therein) 
 (ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Lender required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed and 
 (iii) the delivery by the Lender of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement. 
 (b) The obligations of the Lender hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met 
 (i) the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein, and interpreted without giving effect to any materiality qualification contained therein) 
 (ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed and 
 (iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE III. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Lender as follows 
 3 
 751915550 

(a) Organization Authority . The Company is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with full corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company, and when delivered by the Company in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 (b) Non-Contravention . The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the issuance of the Securities will not, (i) violate the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) violate any law or regulation applicable to the Company or order or decree of any court or public authority having jurisdiction over the Company, or (iii) result in a breach of any material mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or undertaking to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. 
 3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Lender . The Lender hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein) 
 (a) Organization Authority . The Lender is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with full company power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by the Lender of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary company action on the part of the Lender. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Lender, and when delivered by the Lender in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Lender, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 (b) Understandings or Arrangements . The Lender is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the Securities (this representation and warranty not limiting the Lender s right to sell the Securities pursuant to any effective registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). 
 (c) Status . At the time the Lender was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. The Lender is not required to be registered as a broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act. 
 (d) Experience of the Lender . The Lender, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective 
 4 
 751915550 

investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Lender is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 
 (e) Non-Registration of Securities . The Lender understands that issuance of the Securities is not being registered with the Commission and that accordingly the Lender must hold the Securities indefinitely unless they are registered with the Commission and qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available. The Lender represents that it is familiar with Rule 144, as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby. 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 OTHER AGREEMENTS 
 4.1 Integration . The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the issuance of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 
 4.2 Listing of Common Stock . The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and prior to the Closing, the Company shall apply to list all of the Securities on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Securities, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Securities to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market concurrently with such listing or quotation. 
 4.3 Delivery of Securities after Closing . The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Securities to the Lender within three Business Days of the Closing Date. 
 4.4 Restriction on Sale of Securities . The Lender hereby agrees and covenants that, it will not, during the period from the date of the Closing and ending on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2023 or (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Facility) (the Lock-Up Period ), Transfer any of the Securities (a Prohibited Transfer ), except to a permitted assignee pursuant to Section 5.6. If any Prohibited Transfer is made or attempted contrary to the provisions of this Agreement, such purported Prohibited Transfer shall be null and void ab initio , and the Company shall refuse to recognize any such purported transferee of the Securities as one of its shareholders for any purpose. The foregoing restriction is expressly agreed to preclude the Lender from engaging in any hedging or other transaction with respect to Securities which is designed to or which reasonably could be expected to lead to or result in a sale or disposition of the Securities even if such Securities would be disposed of by someone other than the Lender. Such prohibited hedging or other transactions include any short sale or any purchase, sale or grant of any right (including any put or call option) with respect to any of the Securities, or with respect to any security that includes, relates to, or derives any significant part of its value from such Securities. In order to enforce this Section 4.4, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Securities until the end of the Lock-Up Period, as well as include customary legends on any certificates for any of the Securities reflecting the restrictions under this Section 4.4. 
 4.5 Proceeds upon Sale of Securities . Upon disposing of any Securities, the Lender shall apply 100 of the net proceeds from such disposition as the mandatory prepayment of the 
 5 
 751915550 

Promissory Note and, if such proceeds exceed the amount due to the Lender under the Promissory Note, the Lender shall remit such excess amount to the Company. Net proceeds shall mean gross proceeds from the sale of any Securities minus reasonable and customary sales or underwriting commissions (not to exceed 5 of the value of each transaction). 
 4.6 Return of Securities . Upon payment in full of the Promissory Note, the Lender shall return to the Company any Securities that have not been disposed of in accordance with Section 4.5 of this Agreement. 
 4.7 Voting . The Lender shall not exercise any voting rights with respect to the Securities, including by granting or purporting to grant any proxy with respect to the Securities, depositing the Securities into a voting trust or entering into any agreement (other than this Agreement), arrangement or understanding with any Person, directly or indirectly, to vote, grant any proxy or give instructions with respect to the voting of any of the Securities, in each case, with respect to any matter. 
 4.11 Dividends and Distributions. Any dividends, whether cash dividends or stock dividends, stock splits, and any other distributions from or under the Securities, received by the Lender from time to time during the term of this Agreement shall be, (a) with respect to cash dividends or distributions, applied as the mandatory prepayment of the Promissory Note or (b) with respect to stock dividends, splits or distributions, added to and become a part of the Securities (and, as such, shall become subject to the terms of this Agreement). 
 4.12 Tax Treatment . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, for U.S. federal and applicable state and local tax purposes (i) the Securities shall not be treated as outstanding, and (ii) a disposition of the Securities by the Lender and the application of the net proceeds from such disposition as a repayment of the Promissory Note shall be treated as an initial issuance of the Securities by the Company and a repayment of the Promissory Note by the Company with the proceeds of such issuance. The parties hereto agree not to report or take any position for U.S. federal and applicable state and local tax purposes that is inconsistent with such intended tax treatment. 
 ARTICLE V. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 5.1 Fees and Expenses . Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 
 5.2 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Promissory Note, contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement, on the one hand, and the Loan Facility and Amendment, on the other hand, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. 
 5.3 Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5 30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, (b) the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 
 6 
 751915550 

5 30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (c) the second (2nd) Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. 
 5.4 Amendments Waivers . No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed by the Company and the Lender. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 
 5.5 Headings . The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 
 5.6 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Lender. The Lender may not assign this Agreement or any of the rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 5.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person. 
 5.8 Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 5.9 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose 
 7 
 751915550 

behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 
 5.10 Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 
 5.11 Remedies . In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Lender and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under this Agreement. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in this Agreement and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
 5.12 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 
 5.13 Construction . The parties agree that each of them and or their respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity to revise this Agreement and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement or any amendments hereto. 
 5.14 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 
 8 
 751915550 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Equity Issuance Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Chairman & CEO AGILETHOUGHT, INC. as Lender By s Mauricio Rioseco Name Mauricio Rioseco Title Manager 
 
 751915550 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 751915550 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-4.10>
 6
 exhibit410-anextenddebtrec.htm
 EX-4.10

Document 
 Exhibit 4.10 

 DEBT RECOGNITION AND RECONVERSION AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN AN EXTEND, S.A. DE C.V., REPRESENTED HEREIN BY MR. MANUEL SENDEROS FERN NDEZ, HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS AN EXTEND AND EXTEND SOLUTIONS, S.A. DE C.V., REPRESENTED HEREIN BY MR. DANIEL SAMUEL NOVELO TRUJILLO, HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS EXTEND SOLUTIONS ), ALSO WITH THE PRESENCE OF AGILETHOUGHT INC., AS A JOINT AND SEVERAL OBLIGOR, REPRESENTED HEREIN BY MR. MANUEL SENDEROS FERN NDEZ, HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS AT ), PURSUANT TO THE FOLLOWING BACKGROUND, REPRESENTATIONS AND SECTIONS 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 SOLE.- On April 29, 2016, AN EXTEND and EXTEND SOLUTIONS entered into an assignment of rights and non-competition agreement (hereinafter the Assignment Agreement ), attached hereto as Exhibit A , by virtue of which , EXTEND SOLUTIONS transferred to AN EXTEND the commercial relationships identified in Exhibit 1.11 of said Assignment Agreement, establishing as consideration for said assignment the amount that resulted from applying the formula set forth in Exhibit A of the Assignment Agreement. 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 I. AN EXTEND declares, through its legal representative and under oath to tell the truth 
 
 a) That it is an existing and valid company legally incorporated in accordance with the Laws of Mexico, as stated in public deed No. 3,250 dated November 17, 2015, granted before Mr. Guillermo Villareal Torres, Public Broker No. 11 of Mexico City it was registered on February 11, 2016, under the mercantile record 550796-1 of the Public Registry of Property and Commerce of Mexico City. 

b) That its legal representative has the necessary and sufficient powers of attorney to bind it in terms of this agreement and that said powers and faculties have not been revoked, modified or limited in any way as of the date of execution of this agreement, which is accredited with public deed mentioned above duly apostilled. 

II. EXTEND SOLUTIONS declares, through its legal representative and under oath to tell the truth 
 
 a) That it is an existing and valid company legally incorporated in accordance with the Laws of Mexico, as stated in public deed No. 10,368 dated August 27, 2004, granted before Mariano G. Morales Mart nez, Public Notary No. 90 of Monterrey, Nuevo Le n it was registered under the mercantile record 90264 1 of the Public Registry of Property and Commerce of Monterrey, Nuevo Le n. 
 
 b) That its legal representative has the necessary and sufficient powers of attorney to bind it in terms of this agreement and that said powers and faculties have not been revoked, modified or limited in any way as of the date of execution of this Agreement, which is accredited with public deed mentioned above duly apostilled. 

III. AT declares, through its legal representative and under oath to tell the truth 
 
 a) That it is an existing and valid company in accordance with the Laws of the United States of America. 
 
 b) That it was incorporated as a Mexican company, under the name Grupo Latinoamericano de Internet, S.A. de C.V. , as set forth in public deed No. 90,956 dated April 14, 2000, granted before David Figueroa M rquez, notary public No. 57 of Mexico City it was registered on May 16, 2000, under the mercantile record 262575 of the Public Registry of Property and Commerce of Mexico City. 

c) That its name was amended to AGS Nasoft M xico, S.A. de C.V. , which is accredited with public deed No. 57,584 dated March 6, 2015, granted before Mauricio Mart nez Rivera, Notary Public No. 96 of Mexico City it was registered on March 23, 2015. 

d) That its name was amended to AN Global IT, S.A.P.I. de C.V. , which is accredited with public deed No. 70,041 dated September 27, 2017, granted before Erik Namur Campesino, Notary Public No. 94 of Mexico City it was registered on March 5, 2018. 

e) That on January 31, 2019 it ceased to exist as a Mexican company and began to exist as a company under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, under the name AN Global, Inc. , which is accredited with public deed No. 84,444. 

f) That it amended its name to AgileThought, Inc. on October 22, 2019, which is accredited with the Certificate of Amendment issued by the Secretary of State of Delaware, USA. 
 
 g) That its attorney in fact has the necessary and sufficient powers of attorney to bind it in terms of this agreement and that said powers and faculties have not been revoked, modified or limited in any way as of the date of execution of this agreement, which is accredited with public deed No. 94,836. 
 
 SECTIONS 
 
 FIRST. The Parties herein agree to enter into this Agreement in order to recognize the remining amount debt that AN EXTEND shall pay to EXTEND SOLUTIONS derived from the Assignment Agreement established in the Background of this Agreement. 
 
 SECOND. By virtue of the foregoing Section, the Parties acknowledge and agree that, as of the date of the Assignment Agreement, AN EXTEND has paid several amounts to the EXTEND SOLUTIONS for a total amount of MXN 41 771,814.41 (FOURTY-ONE MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND SEVENTY-ONE THOUSAND EIGHT HUNDRED AND FOURTEEN PESOS 41 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF MEXICO) which EXTEND SOLUTIONS expressly acknowledge and accept such payments, also acknowledging that the amount expressed as Debt (as said term is defined below) specified in the following clause, is the only amount that AN EXTEND owes to EXTEND SOLUTIONS derived from the Assignment Agreement. 
 
 THIRD. By virtue of the foregoing Section, the Parties hereby agree to convert the remaining debt existing to date in charge of AN EXTEND to Dollars, the legal currency of the United States of America, giving as the total amount of the Debt agreed upon and accepted by the Parties, the amount of USD 96,982.66 (NINETY-SIX THOUSAND NINE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY-TWO DOLLARS AND 66 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) plus the value added tax (hereinafter referred to as the Debt ), plus the corresponding interest in accordance with Section Fourth hereto. AN EXTEND is expressly obliged to pay EXTEND SOLUTIONS the Debt, as well as interest, in the terms established in this Agreement. 
 
 FOURTH. By virtue of the foregoing, AN EXTEND acknowledges and accepts to owe EXTEND SOLUTIONS the Debt, which will accrue an annual interest of 11 (ELEVEN PERCENT) on unpaid balances from the date of signing of this Agreement. and until full payment the Debt is made by AN EXTEND to EXTEND SOLUTIONS. 

FIFTH. The Parties acknowledge and accept that the Debt and accrued interest shall be paid in full no later than a period of 1 (one) year from the date hereof, by wire transfer to the following bank account indicated by the legal representative of EXTEND SOLUTIONS 

Omitted 
 
 The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in the event that the period indicated above is fulfilled and AN EXTEND has not paid to EXTEND SOLUTIONS, the total amount of the Debt and the interest agreed will be paid within the following 30 calendar days counted from the breach with common shares of class A of AT, taking as value of the shares the value resulting from using the Volume Weighted Moving Average Price (VWAP). 
 
 SIXTH. In order to guarantee the compliance with the payment obligations of AN EXTEND, AT is constitutes as a joint and several obligor of AN EXTEND, in front of and in favor of EXTEND SOLUTIONS and obliges itself indistinctly to the faithful and punctual fulfillment of all the payment obligations of AN EXTEND derived from this Agreement. Therefore, AT signs and delivers to EXTEND SOLUTIONS a Promissory Note free of any charge or encumbrance, attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 
 SEVENTH. Neither Party may assign or in any other way transfer, in whole or in part, the rights and obligations derived from this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the other party. In the event that AN EXTEND fails to comply with its payment obligations arising from this Agreement, EXTEND SOLUTIONS will be entitled to assign or in any way transfer the rights in its favor arising from this Agreement without the authorization of the other Parties. 
 
 EIGHTH. For everything related to this Agreement, all notices, including notifications of a procedural nature, must be issued in writing at the address of the Party to whom the notice or notification is addressed and with acknowledgment of receipt or sent by courier or certified mail with acknowledgment of receipt or by email. The notification sent by courier will be considered made on the date it is received by the recipient. In this sense, the Parties indicate as their addresses, telephone numbers and emails the following 
 
 AN EXTEND 
 
 Address 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd., Suite 1650E, Las Colinas, TX 75039. 
 
 Telephone number +5255 5258 1414. 
 
 Email Diana.Abril agilethought.com 
 
 AT 
 
 Address 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd., Suite 1650E, Las Colinas, TX 75039. 
 
 Telephone number +5255 5258 1414. 
 
 Email Diana.Abril agilethought.com 
 
 EXTEND SOLUTIONS 
 
 Address 2060 N Loop W #220, Houston, TX 77018. 
 
 Telephone number 713-255-4422. 
 
 Emails info silblawfirm.com israelnovelo outlook.com atorrero hotmail.com and jorge.monterrubio gmail.com . 
 
 Any email will need to be sent to and include all of the emails noted above. 
 
 Any change to the aforementioned domiciles shall be notified in writing at least five business days prior to the date on which the change of domicile takes effect. 

NINTH. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties, regarding the subject matter hereof, substituting and nullifying all previously existing agreements on the same matter, whether oral or written. Likewise, there are no guarantees, declarations, promises, or agreements between the Parties other than those expressly indicated in this Agreement. 
 
 TENTH. The Parties declare that in this Agreement there has been no error, bad faith, fraud or injury to the detriment of any of them and undertake to fully comply with their obligations derived from this Agreement. 

ELEVENTH. Modifications to this Agreement for any reason shall be made with a prior written agreement signed by the Parties or their authorized representatives. 

TWELFTH. In the event that either Party fails to take any action against the other to protect certain rights under this Agreement, such failure shall not be construed as a waiver of any other rights under this Agreement. 
 
 THIRTEENTH. AN EXTEND and AT bind themselves to indemnify and to release and hold harmless EXTEND SOLUTIONS in case it has to initiate any legal actions in order to execute this Agreement. In said cases, AN EXTEND and AT shall pay the litigation expenses and legal fees incurred by EXTEND SOLUTIONS. 

FOURTEENTH. This Agreement is executed in both, English and Spanish languages. Should any discrepancy arise between the two instruments, the English version shall prevail. 
 
 FIFTEENTH. The Parties state that their will is free of defects and in the event of interpretation, execution and compliance with this Agreement, they expressly submit to the legislation and competent courts of Dallas, Texas, United States of America, expressly renouncing any other jurisdiction that could correspond to them by reason of their present or future domiciles or any other cause. 
 
 THE PARTIES BEING AWARE OF THE CONTENT AND LEGAL SCOPE OF THIS AGREEMENT, SIGN IT IN, ALL OF THEM BY THEIR OWN RIGHT, ON November 15, 2022 IN DALLAS, TEXAS, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. 
 CONVENIO DE RECONOCIMIENTO Y RECONVERSI N DE ADEUDO QUE CELEBRAN POR UNA PARTE AN EXTEND, S.A. DE C.V., REPRESENTADA EN ESTE ACTO POR EL SE OR MANUEL SENDEROS FERN NDEZ, EN LO SUCESIVO DENOMINADA AN EXTEND Y EXTEND SOLUTIONS, S.A. DE C.V., REPRESENTADA EN ESTE ACTO POR EL SE OR DANIEL SAMUEL NOVELO TRUJILLO, EN LO SUCESIVO DENOMINADA COMO EXTEND SOLUTIONS ), CON LA COMPARECENCIA, EN SU CAR CTER DE OBLIGADO SOLIDARIO, DE AGILETHOUGHT INC., REPRESENTADA EN ESTE ACTO POR EL SE OR MANUEL SENDEROS FERN NDEZ, EN LO SUCESIVO DENOMINADA COMO AT ), AL TENOR DEL SIGUIENTE ANTECEDENTE, DECLARACIONES Y CL USULAS 
 
 ANTECEDENTE 
 
 NICO.- Con fecha 29 de abril de 2016, AN EXTEND y EXTEND SOLUTIONS celebraron un contrato de cesi n de derechos y de no competencia (en lo sucesivo el Contrato de Cesi n ), adjunto al presente como Anexo A , por virtud de la cual, EXTEND SOLUTIONS cedi a AN EXTEND las relaciones comerciales identificadas en el Anexo 1.11 de dicho Contrato de Cesi n, estableciendo como contraprestaci n por dicha cesi n la cantidad resultante de la f rmula establecida en el Anexo A del Contrato de Cesi n. 

DECLARACIONES 
 
 I. Declara AN EXTEND, a trav s de su representante legal y bajo protesta de decir verdad 
 
 a) Que es una sociedad mercantil existente y legalmente constituida de conformidad con las Leyes de M xico, seg n consta en el instrumento p blico No. 3,250 de fecha 17 de noviembre de 2015, otorgada ante la fe del Lic. Guillermo Villareal Torres, Corredor P blico No.11 de la Ciudad de M xico se encuentra inscrita el d a 11 de febrero de 2016, bajo el folio mercantil n mero electr nico 550796-1 del Registro P blico de la Propiedad y del Comercio de la Ciudad de M xico. 
 
 b) Que su representante legal cuenta con los poderes y facultades necesarias para obligarla en t rminos del presente convenio y que dichos poderes y facultades no le han sido revocados, modificados o limitados de manera alguna a la fecha de celebraci n del presente convenio, lo que se acredita con el instrumento mencionado en el inciso inmediato anterior debidamente apostillado. 
 
 II. Declara EXTEND SOLUTIONS, a trav s de su representante legal y bajo protesta de decir verdad 
 
 a) Que es una sociedad mercantil existente y legalmente constituida de conformidad con las Leyes de M xico, seg n consta en el instrumento p blico No. 10,368 de fecha 27 de agosto de 2004 otorgada ante la fe del Lic. Mariano G. Morales Mart nez, Notario P blico No. 90 de la Ciudad de Monterrey se encuentra inscrita bajo el folio mercantil n mero 90264 1 del Registro P blico de la Propiedad y del Comercio de la ciudad de Monterrey, Nuevo Le n. 
 
 b) Que su representante legal cuenta con los poderes y facultades necesarias para obligarla en t rminos del presente convenio y que dichos poderes y facultades no le han sido revocados, modificados o limitados de manera alguna a la fecha de celebraci n del presente Convenio. lo que se acredita con el instrumento mencionado en el inciso inmediato anterior debidamente apostillado. 
 
 III. Declara AT, a trav s de su representante legal y bajo protesta de decir verdad 
 
 a) Que es una sociedad mercantil existente de conformidad con las Leyes de los Estados Unidos de Am rica. 

b) Que se constituy como una sociedad mercantil mexicana, bajo la denominaci n Grupo Latinoamericano de Internet, S.A. de C.V. , seg n consta en el instrumento p blico No. 90,956 de fecha 14 de abril de 2000, otorgada ante la fe del Lic. David Figueroa M rquez, notario p blico No. 57 de la Ciudad de M xico se encuentra inscrita el d a 16 de mayo de 2000, bajo el folio mercantil n mero 262575 del Registro Pu blico de la Propiedad y del Comercio de la Ciudad de M xico. 
 
 c) Que cambi su denominaci n por la de AGS Nasoft M xico, S.A. de C.V. , lo que se acredita con el instrumento p blico No. 57,584 de fecha 6 de marzo de 2015, otorgada ante la fe del Lic. Mauricio Mart nez Rivera, Notario Pu blico No. 96 de la Ciudad de M xico se encuentra inscrita el d a 23 de marzo de 2015. 
 
 d) Que cambi su denominaci n por la de AN Global IT, S.A.P.I. de C.V. , lo que se acredita con el instrumento p blico No. 70,041 de fecha 27 de septiembre de 2017, otorgada ante la fe del Lic. Erik Namur Campesino, Notario Pu blico No. 94 de la Ciudad de M xico se encuentra inscrita el d a 5 de marzo de 2018. 
 
 e) Que con fecha 31 de enero de 2019 dej de existir como una sociedad mercantil mexicana y comenz a existir como una sociedad bajo las leyes del Estado de Delaware, Estados Unidos de Am rica, denomin ndose AN Global, Inc. , lo que se acredita con el instrumento p blico No. 84,444. 
 
 f) Que cambi su denominaci n por la de AgileThought, Inc. con fecha 22 de octubre de 2019, lo que se acredita con el Certificate of Amendment expedido por el Secretario del Estado de Delaware, USA. 
 
 g) Que su apoderado cuenta con los poderes y facultades necesarias para obligarla en t rminos del presente convenio y que dichos poderes y facultades no le han sido revocados, modificados o limitados de manera alguna a la fecha de celebraci n del presente convenio, lo que se acredita con el instrumento p blico No. 94,836. 
 
 CL USULAS 
 
 PRIMERA. Las Partes en este acto acuerdan celebrar el presente Convenio con el objeto de reconocer el adeudo remanente que AN EXTEND deber pagar a EXTEND SOLUTIONS derivado del Contrato de Cesi n establecido en el Antecedente nico del presente Convenio. 
 
 SEGUNDA. En virtud de la Cl usula que antecede, las Partes reconocen y aceptan que, a partir de la fecha del Contrato de Cesi n, AN EXTEND ha realizado diversos pagos a EXTEND SOLUTIONS, por un monto total de MXN 41 771,814.41 (CUARENTA Y UN MILLONES SETECIENTOS SETENTA Y UN MIL OCHOCIENTOS CATORCE PESOS 41 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE M XICO) lo que stos expresamente reconocen y aceptan dichos pagos, reconociendo que, la cantidad expresada como Adeudo especificada en la cl usula siguiente (seg n dicho t rmino se define m s adelante), es la nica cantidad que a la fecha le adeuda AN EXTEND a EXTEND SOLUTIONS derivada del Contrato de Cesi n. 
 
 TERCERA. En virtud de la cl usula que antecede, las Partes en este acto acuerdan convertir el adeudo remanente existente a la fecha a cargo de AN EXTEND a d lares, moneda de curso legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica, dando como monto total del adeudo convenido y aceptado por las Partes la cantidad de USD 96,982.66 (NOVENTA Y SEIS MIL NOVECIENTOS OCHENTA Y DOS D LARES 66 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AM RICA) m s el impuesto al valor agregado, en lo sucesivo denominado como l Adeudo ), m s los intereses correspondientes de conformidad con la Cl usula Cuarta del presente Convenio. AN EXTEND se obliga expresamente a pagar a EXTEND SOLUTIONS el Adeudo, as como los intereses en los t rminos establecidos en este Convenio. 
 
 CUARTA. En virtud de lo anterior, en este acto AN EXTEND reconoce y acepta deber a EXTEND SOLUTIONS el Adeudo, el cual devengar un inter s anual del 11 (ONCE POR CIENTO) sobre saldos insolutos, a partir de la fecha de firma del presente Convenio y hasta en tanto se lleve a cabo el pago total del Adeudo por parte de AN EXTEND a EXTEND SOLUTIONS. 
 
 QUINTA. Las Partes en este acto reconocen y aceptan que el Adeudo y los intereses devengados deber n de ser pagado en su totalidad a m s tardar en el periodo de 1 (un) a o contado a partir de la fecha del presente Convenio, mediante transferencia bancaria a la siguiente cuenta que para tales efectos se ale el representante legal de EXTEND SOLUTIONS 
 
 Omitted 
 
 Las Partes reconocen y aceptan que, en caso de que se cumpla el periodo se alado en el p rrafo anterior y AN EXTEND no hubiese pagado la totalidad del Adeudo e intereses pactados a EXTEND SOLUTIONS, el Adeudo e intereses ser pagados dentro de los 30 d as naturales contados a partir del incumplimiento con acciones comunes de la clase A de AT, tomando como valor de las acciones el valor que resulte de utilizar el Volume Weighted Moving Average Price (VWAP). 
 
 SEXTA. A efecto de garantizar las obligaciones de pago de AN EXTEND, AT se constituye en este acto como obligado solidario de AN EXTEND, frente y a favor de EXTEND SOLUTIONS y se obliga indistintamente al fiel y puntual cumplimiento de todas las obligaciones a su cargo derivadas del presente Convenio. Por lo que en este acto AT suscribe y entrega a EXTEND SOLUTIONS un Promissory Note libre de toda carga o gravamen, adjunto al presente como Anexo B . 

S PTIMA. Las Partes no podr n ceder ni de cualquier otra forma transferir, en todo o en parte, los derechos y obligaciones derivados del presente Convenio, sin autorizaci n previa y por escrito de la otra parte. En caso de que AN EXTEND incumpla con las obligaciones de pago a su cargo derivadas de este Convenio, EXTEND SOLUTIONS estar facultada para ceder o de cualquier manera transferir los derechos a su favor derivados de este Convenio sin autorizaci n de las otras Partes. 

OCTAVA. Para todo lo relativo al presente Convenio, todos los avisos, incluyendo las notificaciones de car cter procesal, deber n ser emitidas por escrito en el domicilio de la parte a quien va dirigido el aviso o notificaci n y con acuse de recibo o enviarse por mensajer a o correo certificado con acuse de recibo, o bien, por correo electr nico. La notificaci n que se env e por mensajer a se considerar hecha en la fecha en que sea recibida por el destinatario. En ese sentido, las partes se alan como sus domicilios, tel fonos y correos electr nicos los siguientes 
 
 AN EXTEND 
 
 Domicilio 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd., Suite 1650E, Las Colinas, TX 75039. 
 
 Tel fono +5255 5258 1414. 
 
 Correo electr nico Diana.Abril agilethought.com 
 
 AT 
 
 Domicilio 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd., Suite 1650E, Las Colinas, TX 75039. 
 
 Tel fono +5255 5258 1414. 
 
 Correo electr nico Diana.Abril agilethought.com 
 
 EXTEND SOLUTIONS 
 
 Domicilio 2060 N Loop W #220, Houston, TX 77018. 
 
 Tel fono 713-255-4422. 
 
 Correos electr nicos info silblawfirm.com israelnovelo outlook.com atorrero hotmail.com and jorge.monterrubio gmail.com . 
 
 Cualquier correo electr nico deber enviarse e incluir todos los correos electr nicos que se se alan anteriormente. 
 
 Cualquier cambio a los domicilios antes se alados, deber notificarse por escrito con cuando menos cinco d as h biles de anticipaci n a la fecha en que surta efectos el cambio de domicilio. 
 
 NOVENA. Este Convenio constituye el acuerdo integral entre las Partes, respecto de la materia objeto de ste, sustituyendo y dejando sin efectos todos los acuerdos existentes anteriormente sobre la misma materia, ya sean orales o escritos. Asimismo, no existen garant as, declaraciones, promesas, ni acuerdos entre las Partes distintas a los expresamente se alados en este Convenio. 
 
 D CIMA. Ambas partes declaran que en el presente Convenio no ha existido error, mala fe, dolo o lesi n en perjuicio de ninguna de ellas y se comprometen a cumplir cabalmente con sus obligaciones derivado del presente Convenio. 
 
 D CIMA PRIMERA. Las modificaciones al presente Convenio por cualquier concepto deber n hacerse previo acuerdo por escrito firmado por las Partes o los representantes autorizados de las mismas. 
 
 D CIMA SEGUNDA. En caso de que cualquiera de las Partes omita ejercer cualquier acci n en contra de la otra para proteger ciertos derechos bajo este Convenio, dicha omisi n no ser interpretada como una renuncia a cualquier otro derecho derivado de este mismo Convenio. 
 
 D CIMA TERCERA. AN EXTEND y AT se obligan a indemnizar y sacar en paz y a salvo a EXTEND SOLUTIONS en caso de que esta ltima tenga que iniciar acciones legales para exigir el cumplimiento del presente Convenio. En dichos casos, ser n por cuenta de AN EXTEND y AT los gastos de litigio y honorarios de los abogados que deban pagarse para la defensa y ejercicio de acciones legales de EXTEND SOLUTIONS. 
 
 D CIMA CUARTA. El presente Convenio se celebra tanto en ingl s como en espa ol. En caso de existir cualquier controversia derivada del mismo, prevalecer la versi n en ingl s. 
 
 D CIMA QUINTA. Las Partes manifiestan que su voluntad est libre de vicios y para el caso de interpretaci n, ejecuci n y cumplimiento del presente Convenio, se someten expresamente a la legislaci n y tribunales competentes de Dallas, Texas, Estados Unidos de Am rica, renunciando expresamente a cualquier otro fuero que pudiera corresponderles en raz n de sus domicilios presentes, futuros o cualquier otra causa. 
 
 ENTERADAS LAS PARTES DEL CONTENIDO Y ALCANCE LEGAL DEL PRESENTE CONVENIO, LO FIRMAN EN TRES TANTOS, TODOS ELLOS POR SU PROPIO DERECHO, EL D A 15 de noviembre de 2022 EN DALLAS, TEXAS, ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AM RICA. 
 
 1 - 9 

Exhibit 4.10 

AN EXTEND 
 AN EXTEND, S.A. DE C.V. 
 EXTEND SOLUTIONS 
 EXTEND SOLUTIONS, S.A. DE C.V. 
 Por By 
 s Manuel Senderos Fernandez 
 Por By 
 s Daniel Samuel Novelo Trujillo Manuel Senderos Fernandez 
 Daniel Samuel Novelo Trujillo 
 Cargo Position Representante legal Attorney in Fact 
 Cargo Position Representante legal Attorney in Fact 

AT 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. 
 Por By 
 s Manuel Senderos Fernandez Manuel Senderos Fernandez 
 Cargo Position Representante legal Attorney in Fact 

THIS PAGE IS AN INTEGRAL PART OF THE DEBT RECOGNITION AND RECONVERSION AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN AN EXTEND, S.A. DE C.V., AND EXTEND SOLUTIONS, S.A. DE C.V., ALSO WITH THE PRESENCE OF AGILETHOUGHT INC., AS A JOINT AND SEVERAL OBLIGOR, ON NOVEMBER 15, 2022. 
 ESTA P GINA FORMA PARTE INTEGRANTE DEL CONVENIO DE RECONOCIMIENTO Y RECONVERSI N DE ADEUDO QUE CELEBRAN AN EXTEND, S.A. DE C.V., Y EXTEND SOLUTIONS, S.A. DE C.V., CON LA COMPARECENCIA EN SU CAR CTER DE OBLIGADO SOLIDARIO DE AGILETHOUGHT INC., EL 15 DE NOVIEMBRE DE 2022. 

2 - 9 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-4.11>
 7
 exhibit411-anextenddebtrec.htm
 EX-4.11

Document 
 Exhibit 4.11 

 DEBT RECOGNITION AND RECONVERSION AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN AGILETHOUGHT INC., AS THE DEBTOR, REPRESENTED HEREIN BY MR. MANUEL SENDEROS FERN NDEZ, HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS AT AND MESSRS. DANIEL SAMUEL NOVELO TRUJILLO, ISRAEL ABRAHAM NOVELO TRUJILLO, JORGE RICARDO MONTERRUBIO L PEZ AND JOS ANTONIO TORRERO DIEZ, ALL OF THEM IN THEIR OWN CAPACITY, HEREINAFTER JOINTLY REFERRED TO AS THE CREDITORS ), PURSUANT TO THE FOLLOWING BACKGROUND, REPRESENTATIONS AND SECTIONS 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 FIRST. On April 29, 2016, the Creditors and various shareholders of AT (formerly known as AGS Nasoft, S.A.P.I. de C.V.) and AT itself entered into a share option agreement (hereinafter the Option Agreement ), attached hereto as Exhibit A , by virtue of which the Creditors had the option to subscribe AT shares, in accordance with the terms and conditions of said Option Agreement. 

SECOND. In the Second Section of Exhibit 1 of said Option Contract, an economic consideration was established in favor of the Creditors, in case of exceeding the limit of the total number of shares with subscription option. 
 
 THIRD. Likewise, the Creditors subscribed a total of 4,491 (four thousand four hundred and ninety-one) shares of AT, presenting a surplus in the limit of the total number of shares with subscription option and, therefore, they became creditors to the total amount of MXN 59'718,196.00 (FIFTY-NINE MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND EIGHTEEN THOUSAND, ONE HUNDRED AND NINETY-SIX PESOS 00 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF MEXICO). 
 
 FOURTH. By virtue of the foregoing, AT has executed several payments to the Creditors, for the total amount of MXN 33 209,154.35 (THIRTY-THREE MILLION TWO HUNDRED NINE THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY-FOUR PESOS 35 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF MEXICO) plus the amount of MXN 1 100,140.00 (ONE MILLION ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED AND FOURTY 00 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF MEXICO) of interest. 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 I. AT declares, through its legal representative and under oath to tell the truth 
 
 a) That it is an existing and valid company in accordance with the Laws of the United States of America. 
 
 b) That it was incorporated as a Mexican company, under the name Grupo Latinoamericano de Internet, S.A. de C.V. , as set forth in public deed No. 90,956 dated April 14, 2000, granted before David Figueroa M rquez, notary public No. 57 of Mexico City it was registered on May 16, 2000, under the mercantile record 262575 of the Public Registry of Property and Commerce of Mexico City. 

c) That its name was amended to AGS Nasoft M xico, S.A. de C.V. , which is accredited with public deed No. 57,584 dated March 6, 2015, granted before Mauricio Mart nez Rivera, Notary Public No. 96 of Mexico City it was registered on March 23, 2015. 

d) That its name was amended to AN Global IT, S.A.P.I. de C.V. , which is accredited with public deed No. 70,041 dated September 27, 2017, granted before Erik Namur Campesino, Notary Public No. 94 of Mexico City it was registered on March 5, 2018. 

e) That on January 31, 2019 it ceased to exist as a Mexican company and began to exist as a company under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, under the name AN Global, Inc. , which is accredited with public deed No. 84,444. 

f) That it amended its name to AgileThought, Inc. on October 22, 2019, which is accredited with the Certificate of Amendment issued by the Secretary of State of Delaware, USA. 

g) That its attorney in fact has the necessary and sufficient powers of attorney to bind it in terms of this agreement and that said powers and faculties have not been revoked, modified or limited in any way as of the date of execution of this agreement, which is accredited with public deed No. 94,836. 
 
 II. Each of the Creditors declares, in their own right and under oath to tell the truth 
 
 a) Daniel Samuel Novelo Trujillo, is an individual of Mexican nationality, of legal age, in full use of their faculties, with full legal capacity to bind himself and conclude in the form and terms of this Agreement. 
 
 b) Israel Abraham Novelo Trujillo, is an individual of Mexican nationality, of legal age, in full use of their faculties, with full legal capacity to bind himself and conclude in the form and terms of this Agreement. 
 
 c) Jorge Ricardo Monterrubio L pez, is an individual of Mexican nationality, of legal age, in full use of their faculties, with full legal capacity to bind himself and conclude in the form and terms of this Agreement. 
 
 d) Jos Antonio Torrero Diez, is an individual of Mexican nationality, of legal age, in full use of their faculties, with full legal capacity to bind himself and conclude in the form and terms of this Agreement. 
 
 SECTIONS 
 
 FIRST. The Parties herein agree to enter into this Agreement in order to recognize the remaining amount that AT shall pay to the CREDITORS derived from the Option Agreement established in the Background of this Agreement. 
 
 SECOND. By virtue of the foregoing Section, the Parties acknowledge and agree that, as of the date of the Option Agreement, AT has paid several amounts to the CREDITORS which expressly acknowledge and accept such payments, also acknowledging that the amount expressed as Debt (as said term is defined below) specified in the following clause, is the only amount that AT owes to the CREDITORS derived from the Option Agreement. 
 
 THIRD. By virtue of the foregoing Section, the Parties hereby agree to convert the remaining debt existing to date in charge of AT to Dollars, the legal currency of the United States of America, giving as the total amount of the Debt agreed upon and accepted by the Parties, the amount of USD 2,246,482.60 (TWO MILLION TWO HUNDRED FOURTY-SIX THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED AND EIGHTY-TWO DOLLARS AND 60 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) (hereinafter referred to as the Debt ), plus the corresponding interest in accordance with Section Fourth hereto. AT is expressly obliged to pay the CREDITORS the Debt, as well as interest, which shall be paid to each of the CREDITORS in accordance with the following amounts and percentages 

a) To Mr. Daniel Samuel Novelo Trujillo, the total amount of USD 1,387,652.30 (ONE MILLION THREE HUNDRED AND EIGTHY-SEVEN THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED AND FIFTY-TWO DOLLARS AND 30 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) that represents the 61.77 of the Debt. 
 
 b) To Mr. Israel Abraham Novelo Trujillo, the total amount of 390,438.67 (THREE HUNDRED NINETY THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED AND THIRTY-EIGHT DOLLARS AND 67 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) that represents the 17.38 of the Debt. 
 
 c) To Mr. Jos Antonio Torrero Diez, the total amount of 330,232.94 (THREE HUNDRED AND THIRTY THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND THIRTY-TWO DOLLARS AND 94 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) that represents the 14.70 of the Debt. 
 
 d) To Mr. Jorge Ricardo Monterrubio L pez, the total amount of 138,158.68 (ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY-EIGHT THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY-EIGHT DOLLARS AND 68 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) that represents the 6.15 of the Debt. 
 
 The CREDITORS appoint the following bank accounts in the event that AT pays all or part of the Debt and the interest by wire transfer, in accordance with Section Five 
 
 Omitted 
 
 FOURTH. By virtue of the foregoing, AT acknowledges and accepts to owe the CREDITORS the Debt, which will accrue an annual interest of 11 (ELEVEN PERCENT) on unpaid balances from the date of signing of this Agreement. and until full payment the Debt is made by AT to the CREDITORS. 

FIFTH. The Parties acknowledge and accept that the Debt and accrued interest shall be paid in full no later than a period of 1 (one) year from the date hereof, by wire transfers to the accounts indicated in Section Three above. 

The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in the event that the period indicated above is fulfilled and AT has not paid the CREDITORS, the total amount of the Debt and the interest agreed will be paid within the following 30 calendar days counted from the breach with common shares of class A of AT, taking as value of the shares the value resulting from using the Volume Weighted Moving Average Price (VWAP). 

SIXTH. In order to guarantee the compliance with the payment of the Debt and interest agreed, AT signs and delivers to the CREDITORS a Promissory Note free of any charge or encumbrance, attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 
 SEVENTH. At the signing of this Agreement, AT recognized and will pay the CREDITORS the amount of MXN 650,000.00 (SIX HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND PESOS 00 100, LEGAL CURRENCY OF MEXICO) plus the value added tax or its equivalent in dollars, legal currency of the United States of America, due to the expenses that the latter have incurred for legal fees (attorneys) to reach the execution of this Agreement. 
 
 It should be noted that the amount indicated in the previous paragraph is not part of or included in the amount specified in the Third Section of this Agreement, which must be paid by AT upon the execution of this Agreement by wire transfer through to the following bank account indicated by the CREDITORS 
 
 Omitted 
 
 EIGHTH. Neither Party may assign or in any other way transfer, in whole or in part, the rights and obligations derived from this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the other party. In the event that AT fails to comply with its payment obligations arising from this Agreement, the CREDITORS will be entitled to assign or in any way transfer the rights in its favor arising from this Agreement without the authorization of the other Party. 
 
 NINTH. For everything related to this Agreement, all notices, including notifications of a procedural nature, must be issued in writing at the address of the Party to whom the notice or notification is addressed and with acknowledgment of receipt or sent by courier or certified mail with acknowledgment of receipt or by email. The notification sent by courier will be considered made on the date it is received by the recipient. In this sense, the Parties indicate as their addresses, telephone numbers and emails the following 
 
 AT 
 
 Address 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd., Suite 1650E, Las Colinas, TX 75039. 
 
 Telephone number +5255 5258 1414. 
 
 Email Diana.Abril agilethought.com 
 
 CREDITORS 
 
 Address 2060 N Loop W #220, Houston, TX 77018. 
 
 Telephone number 713-255-4422. 
 
 Emails info silblawfirm.com israelnovelo outlook.com atorrero hotmail.com and jorge.monterrubio gmail.com . 
 
 Any email will need to be sent to and include all of the emails noted above. 
 
 Any change to the aforementioned domiciles shall be notified in writing at least five business days prior to the date on which the change of domicile takes effect. 

TENTH. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties, regarding the subject matter hereof, substituting and nullifying all previously existing agreements on the same matter, whether oral or written. Likewise, there are no guarantees, declarations, promises, or agreements between the Parties other than those expressly indicated in this Agreement. 
 
 ELEVENTH. The Parties declare that in this Agreement there has been no error, bad faith, fraud or injury to the detriment of any of them and undertake to fully comply with their obligations derived from this Agreement. 
 
 TWELFTH. Modifications to this Agreement for any reason shall be made with a prior written agreement signed by the Parties or their authorized representatives. 
 
 THIRTEENTH. In the event that either Party fails to take any action against the other to protect certain rights under this Agreement, such failure shall not be construed as a waiver of any other rights under this Agreement. 
 
 FOURTEENTH. AT binds to indemnify and to release and hold harmless the CREDITORS in case it has to initiate any legal actions in order to execute this Agreement. In said cases, AT shall pay the litigation expenses and legal fees incurred by the CREDITORS. 

FIFTEENTH. This Agreement is executed in both, English and Spanish languages. Should any discrepancy arise between the two instruments, the English version shall prevail. 
 
 SIXTEENTH . The Parties state that their will is free of defects and in the event of interpretation, execution and compliance with this Agreement, they expressly submit to the legislation and competent courts of Dallas, Texas, United States of America, expressly renouncing any other jurisdiction that could correspond to them by reason of their present or future domiciles or any other cause. 
 
 THE PARTIES BEING AWARE OF THE CONTENT AND LEGAL SCOPE OF THIS AGREEMENT, SIGN IT IN, ALL OF THEM BY THEIR OWN RIGHT, ON November 15, 2022 IN DALLAS, TEXAS, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. 
 CONVENIO DE RECONOCIMIENTO Y RECONVERSI N DE ADEUDO QUE CELEBRAN POR UNA PARTE AGILETHOUGHT INC., COMO LA DEUDORA, REPRESENTADA EN ESTE ACTO POR EL SE OR MANUEL SENDEROS FERN NDEZ, EN LO SUCESIVO DENOMINADA COMO AT Y POR SU PROPIO DERECHO LOS SE ORES DANIEL SAMUEL NOVELO TRUJILLO, ISRAEL ABRAHAM NOVELO TRUJILLO, JORGE RICARDO MONTERRUBIO L PEZ Y JOS ANTONIO TORRERO DIEZ, EN LO SUCESIVO DENOMINADOS CONJUNTAMENTE COMO LOS ACREEDORES , AL TENOR DE LOS SIGUIENTES ANTECEDENTES, DECLARACIONES Y CL USULAS 
 
 ANTECEDENTES 
 
 PRIMERO. Con fecha 29 de abril de 2016, los Acreedores y diversos accionistas de AT (antes denominada AGS Nasoft, S.A.P.I. de C.V.) y la propia AT celebraron un contrato de opci n de suscripci n de acciones (en lo sucesivo el Contrato de Opci n ), adjunto al presente como Anexo A , por virtud de la cual, los Acreedores ten an la opci n de suscribir acciones de AT, de conformidad con los t rminos y condiciones de dicho Contrato de Opci n. 
 
 SEGUNDO. En la Cl usula Segunda del Anexo 1 de dicho Contrato de Opci n, se estableci una contraprestaci n econ mica en favor de los Acreedores, en caso de exceder el l mite del n mero total de acciones con opci n a suscripci n. 
 
 TERCERO. Asimismo, los Acreedores suscribieron un total de 4,491 (cuatro mil cuatrocientas noventa y un) acciones de AT, presentando un excedente en el l mite del n mero total de acciones con opci n a suscripci n y, por lo tanto, se hicieron acreedores a la cantidad total de MXN 59 718,196.00 (CINCUENTA Y NUEVE MILLONES SETECIENTOS DIECIOCHO MIL CIENTO NOVENTA Y SEIS PESOS 00 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE M XICO). 
 
 CUARTO. En virtud de lo anterior, AT ha realizado diversos pagos a los Acreedores, por la cantidad total de MXN 33 209,154.35 (TREINTA Y TRES MILLONES DOSCIENTOS NUEVE MIL CIENTO CINCUENTA Y CUATRO PESOS 35 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE M XICO) m s la cantidad de MXN 1 100,140.00 (UN MILL N CIEN MIL CIENTO CUARENTA PESOS 00 100 MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE M XICO) de intereses. 

DECLARACIONES 
 
 I. Declara AT, a trav s de su representante legal y bajo protesta de decir verdad 
 
 a) Que es una sociedad mercantil existente de conformidad con las Leyes de los Estados Unidos de Am rica. 

b) Que se constituy como una sociedad mercantil mexicana, bajo la denominaci n Grupo Latinoamericano de Internet, S.A. de C.V. , seg n consta en el instrumento p blico No. 90,956 de fecha 14 de abril de 2000, otorgada ante la fe del Lic. David Figueroa M rquez, notario p blico No. 57 de la Ciudad de M xico se encuentra inscrita el d a 16 de mayo de 2000, bajo el folio mercantil n mero 262575 del Registro Pu blico de la Propiedad y del Comercio de la Ciudad de M xico. 
 
 c) Que cambi su denominaci n por la de AGS Nasoft M xico, S.A. de C.V. , lo que se acredita con el instrumento p blico No. 57,584 de fecha 6 de marzo de 2015, otorgada ante la fe del Lic. Mauricio Mart nez Rivera, Notario Pu blico No. 96 de la Ciudad de M xico se encuentra inscrita el d a 23 de marzo de 2015. 
 
 d) Que cambi su denominaci n por la de AN Global IT, S.A.P.I. de C.V. , lo que se acredita con el instrumento p blico No. 70,041 de fecha 27 de septiembre de 2017, otorgada ante la fe del Lic. Erik Namur Campesino, Notario Pu blico No. 94 de la Ciudad de M xico se encuentra inscrita el d a 5 de marzo de 2018. 
 
 e) Que con fecha 31 de enero de 2019 dej de existir como una sociedad mercantil mexicana y comenz a existir como una sociedad bajo las leyes del Estado de Delaware, Estados Unidos de Am rica, denomin ndose AN Global, Inc. , lo que se acredita con el instrumento p blico No. 84,444. 
 
 f) Que cambi su denominaci n por la de AgileThought, Inc. con fecha 22 de octubre de 2019, lo que se acredita con el Certificate of Amendment expedido por el Secretario del Estado de Delaware, USA. 

g) Que su apoderado cuenta con los poderes y facultades necesarias para obligarla en t rminos del presente convenio y que dichos poderes y facultades no le han sido revocados, modificados o limitados de manera alguna a la fecha de celebraci n del presente convenio, lo que se acredita con el instrumento p blico No. 94,836. 
 
 II. Declara cada uno de los Acreedores, por su propio derecho y bajo protesta de decir verdad 
 
 a) Daniel Samuel Novelo Trujillo, es una persona f sica de nacionalidad mexicana, mayor de edad, en pleno uso de sus facultades, con plena capacidad jur dica para obligarse y celebrar en la forma y t rminos del presente Convenio. 
 
 b) Israel Abraham Novelo Trujillo, es una persona f sica de nacionalidad mexicana, mayor de edad, en pleno uso de sus facultades, con plena capacidad jur dica para obligarse y celebrar en la forma y t rminos del presente Convenio. 
 
 c) Jorge Ricardo Monterrubio L pez, es una persona f sica de nacionalidad mexicana, mayor de edad, en pleno uso de sus facultades, con plena capacidad jur dica para obligarse y celebrar en la forma y t rminos del presente Convenio. 
 
 d) Jos Antonio Torrero Diez, es una persona f sica de nacionalidad mexicana, mayor de edad, en pleno uso de sus facultades, con plena capacidad jur dica para obligarse y celebrar en la forma y t rminos del presente Convenio. 
 
 CL USULAS 
 
 PRIMERA. Las Partes en este acto acuerdan celebrar el presente Convenio con el objeto de reconocer el Adeudo remanente que AT deber pagar a los ACREEDORES derivado del Contrato de Opci n establecido en el Antecedente Primero del presente Convenio. 
 
 SEGUNDA. En virtud de la Cl usula que antecede, las Partes reconocen y aceptan que, a partir de la fecha del Contrato de Opci n, AT ha realizado diversos pagos a los ACREEDORES, lo que stos expresamente reconocen y aceptan dichos pagos, reconociendo que, la cantidad expresada como Adeudo especificada en la cl usula siguiente (seg n dicho t rmino se define m s adelante), es la nica cantidad que a la fecha le adeuda AT a los ACREEDORES derivada del Contrato de Opci n. 
 
 TERCERA. En virtud de la cl usula que antecede, las Partes en este acto acuerdan convertir el adeudo remanente existente a la fecha a cargo de AT a d lares, moneda de curso legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica, dando como monto total del adeudo convenido y aceptado por las Partes la cantidad de USD 2,246,482.60 (DOS MILLONES DOSCIENTOS CUARENTA Y SEIS MIL CUATROCIENTOS OCHENTA Y DOS D LARES 60 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AM RICA), en lo sucesivo denominado como l Adeudo ), m s los intereses correspondientes de conformidad con la Cl usula Cuarta del presente Convenio. AT se obliga expresamente a pagar a los ACREEDORES el Adeudo, as como los intereses, los cuales pagar a cada uno de los ACREEDORES de conformidad con el porcentaje que se menciona a continuaci n 
 
 a) Al se or Daniel Samuel Novelo Trujillo, la cantidad total de 1,387,652.30 (UN MILL N TRESCIENTOS OCHETA Y SIETE MIL SEISCIENTOS CINCUENTA Y DOS D LARES 30 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AM RICA) que representa el 61.77 del Adeudo. 

b) Al se or Israel Abraham Novelo Trujillo, la cantidad total de 390,438.67 (TRESCIENTOS NOVENTA MIL CUATROCIENTOS TREINTA Y OCHO D LARES 67 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AM RICA) que representa el 17.38 del Adeudo. 
 
 c) Al se or Jos Antonio Torrero Diez, la cantidad total de 330,232.94 (TRESCIENTOS TREINTA MIL DOSCIENTOS TREINTA Y DOS D LARES 94 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AM RICA) que representa el 14.70 del Adeudo. 
 
 d) Al se or Jorge Ricardo Monterrubio L pez, la cantidad total de 138,158.68 (CIENTO TREINTA Y OCHO MIL CIENTO CINCUENTA Y OCHO D LARES 68 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AM RICA) que representa el 6.15 del Adeudo. 
 
 Los ACREEDORES se alan las siguientes cuentas bancarias para el caso de que AT pague total o parcialmente el Adeudo y los intereses mediante transferencia bancaria, de conformidad con la Cl usula Quinta 
 
 Omitted 
 
 CUARTA. En virtud de lo anterior, en este acto AT reconoce y acepta deber a los ACREEDORES el Adeudo, el cual devengar un inter s anual del 11 (ONCE POR CIENTO) sobre saldos insolutos, a partir de la fecha de firma del presente Convenio y hasta en tanto se lleve a cabo el pago total del Adeudo por parte de AT a los ACREEDORES. 
 
 QUINTA. Las Partes en este acto reconocen y aceptan que el Adeudo y los intereses devengados deber n de ser pagado en su totalidad a m s tardar en el periodo de 1 (un) a o contado a partir de la fecha del presente Convenio, mediante transferencias bancarias a las cuentas se aladas en la Cl usula Tercera anterior. 
 
 Las Partes reconocen y aceptan que, en caso de que se cumpla el periodo se alado en el p rrafo anterior y AT no hubiese pagado la totalidad del Adeudo e intereses pactados a los ACREEDORES, el Adeudo e intereses ser pagados dentro de los 30 d as naturales contados a partir del incumplimiento con acciones comunes de la clase A de AT, tomando como valor de las acciones el valor que resulte de utilizar el Volume Weighted Moving Average Price (VWAP). 
 
 SEXTA. Con la finalidad de garantizar el cumplimiento del pago del Adeudo e intereses pactados, en este acto AT suscribe y entrega a Los Acreedores un Promissory Note libre de toda carga o gravamen, adjunto al presente como Anexo B . 
 
 S PTIMA. A la firma de este Convenio, AT reconoce y pagar a los ACREEDORES la cantidad de MXN 650,000.00 (SEISCUENTOS CINCUENTA MIL PESOS 00 100, MONEDA DE CURSO LEGAL DE M XICO) m s el impuesto al valor agregado, o su equivalente en d lares, moneda de curso legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica, con motivo de los gastos que estos ltimos han incurrido por concepto de honorarios de abogados para alcanzar la celebraci n de este Convenio. 
 
 Cabe se alar que la cantidad se alada en el p rrafo anterior no forma parte ni est incluida en el monto precisado en la Cl usula Tercera de este Convenio, la cual deber pagar AT a la celebraci n de este Convenio a trav s de una transferencia bancaria a la siguiente cuenta bancaria que para tales efectos se alan los ACREEDORES 

Omitted 
 
 OCTAVA. Las Partes no podr n ceder ni de cualquier otra forma transferir, en todo o en parte, los derechos y obligaciones derivados del presente Convenio, sin autorizaci n previa y por escrito de la otra parte. En caso de que AT incumpla con las obligaciones de pago a su cargo derivadas de este Convenio, los ACREEDORES estar n facultados para ceder o de cualquier manera transferir los derechos a su favor derivados de este Convenio sin autorizaci n de la otra Parte. 
 
 NOVENA. Para todo lo relativo al presente Convenio, todos los avisos, incluyendo las notificaciones de car cter procesal, deber n ser emitidas por escrito en el domicilio de la parte a quien va dirigido el aviso o notificaci n y con acuse de recibo o enviarse por mensajer a o correo certificado con acuse de recibo, o bien, por correo electr nico. La notificaci n que se env e por mensajer a se considerar hecha en la fecha en que sea recibida por el destinatario. En ese sentido, las partes se alan como sus domicilios, tel fonos y correos electr nicos los siguientes 
 
 AT 
 
 Domicilio 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd., Suite 1650E, Las Colinas, TX 75039. 
 
 Tel fono +5255 5258 1414. 
 
 Correo electr nico Diana.Abril agilethought.com 
 
 ACREEDORES 
 
 Domicilio 2060 N Loop W #220, Houston, TX 77018. 
 
 Tel fono 713-255-4422. 
 
 Correos electr nicos info silblawfirm.com israelnovelo outlook.com atorrero hotmail.com y jorge.monterrubio gmail.com . 
 
 Cualquier correo electr nico deber enviarse e incluir todos los correos electr nicos que se se alan anteriormente. 
 
 Cualquier cambio a los domicilios antes se alados, deber notificarse por escrito con cuando menos cinco d as h biles de anticipaci n a la fecha en que surta efectos el cambio de domicilio. 
 
 D CIMA. Este Convenio constituye el acuerdo integral entre las Partes, respecto de la materia objeto de ste, sustituyendo y dejando sin efectos todos los acuerdos existentes anteriormente sobre la misma materia, ya sean orales o escritos. Asimismo, no existen garant as, declaraciones, promesas, ni acuerdos entre las Partes distintas a los expresamente se alados en este Convenio. 
 
 D CIMA PRIMERA. Ambas partes declaran que en el presente Convenio no ha existido error, mala fe, dolo o lesi n en perjuicio de ninguna de ellas y se comprometen a cumplir cabalmente con sus obligaciones derivado del presente Convenio. 
 
 D CIMA SEGUNDA. Las modificaciones al presente Convenio por cualquier concepto deber n hacerse previo acuerdo por escrito firmado por las Partes o los representantes autorizados de las mismas. 
 D CIMA TERCERA. En caso de que cualquiera de las Partes omita ejercer cualquier acci n en contra de la otra para proteger ciertos derechos bajo este Convenio, dicha omisi n no ser interpretada como una renuncia a cualquier otro derecho derivado de este mismo Convenio. 
 
 D CIMA CUARTA. AT se obliga a indemnizar y sacar en paz y a salvo a los ACREEDORES en caso de que estos ltimos tengan que iniciar acciones legales para exigir el cumplimiento del presente Convenio. En dichos casos, ser n por cuenta de AT los gastos de litigio y honorarios de los abogados que deban pagarse para la defensa y ejercicio de acciones legales de los ACREEDORES. 
 
 D CIMA QUINTA. El presente Convenio se celebra tanto en ingl s como en espa ol. En caso de existir cualquier controversia derivada del mismo, prevalecer la versi n en ingl s. 
 
 D CIMA SEXTA Las Partes manifiestan que su voluntad est libre de vicios y para el caso de interpretaci n, ejecuci n y cumplimiento del presente Convenio, se someten expresamente a la legislaci n y tribunales competentes de Dallas, Texas, Estados Unidos de Am rica, renunciando expresamente a cualquier otro fuero que pudiera corresponderles en raz n de sus domicilios presentes, futuros o cualquier otra causa. 
 
 ENTERADAS LAS PARTES DEL CONTENIDO Y ALCANCE LEGAL DEL PRESENTE CONVENIO, LO FIRMAN EN CINCO TANTOS, TODOS ELLOS POR SU PROPIO DERECHO, EL D A 15 de noviembre de 2022 EN DALLAS, TEXAS, ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AM RICA. 
 
 1 - 9 

Exhibit 4.11 

AT 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. 
 Por By 
 s Manuel Senderos Fernandez Manuel Senderos Fernandez 
 Cargo Position Representante legal Attorney in Fact 

ACREEDOR CREDITOR 
 ACREEDOR CREDITOR 
 s Daniel Samuel Novelo Trujillo 
 s Israel Abraham Novelo Trujillo Daniel Samuel Novelo Trujillo 
 Israel Abraham Novelo Trujillo 
 Por su propio derecho By its own right 
 Por su propio derecho By its own right 
 ACREEDOR CREDITOR 
 ACREEDOR CREDITOR 
 s Jorge Ricardo Monterrubio Lopez 
 s Jose Antonio Torrero Diez Jorge Ricardo Monterrubio Lopez 
 Jose Antonio Torrero Diez 
 Por su propio derecho By its own right 
 Por su propio derecho By its own right 
 
 2 - 9 

Exhibit 4.11 

 THIS PAGE IS AN INTEGRAL PART OF THE DEBT RECOGNITION AND RECONVERSION AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN AGILETHOUGHT INC., AS THE DEBTOR, AND MESSRS. DANIEL SAMUEL NOVELO TRUJILLO, ISRAEL ABRAHAM NOVELO TRUJILLO, JORGE RICARDO MONTERRUBIO L PEZ AND JOS ANTONIO TORRERO DIEZ, AS THE CREDITORS, ON NOVEMBER 15, 2022. 
 ESTA P GINA FORMA PARTE INTEGRANTE DEL CONVENIO DE RECONOCIMIENTO Y RECONVERSI N DE ADEUDO AGILETHOUGHT INC., COMO LA DEUDORA, Y POR SU PROPIO DERECHO LOS SE ORES DANIEL SAMUEL NOVELO TRUJILLO, ISRAEL ABRAHAM NOVELO TRUJILLO, JORGE RICARDO MONTERRUBIO L PEZ Y JOS ANTONIO TORRERO DIEZ, COMO LOS ACREEDORES, EL 15 DE NOVIEMBRE DE 2022. 

3 - 9 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-10.1>
 8
 exhibit10101-3rdamendmentt.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.10.1 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT BETWEEN EXITUS CAPITAL, SOCIEDAD ANONIMA PROMOTORA DE INVERSION DE CAPITAL VARIABLE, SOCIEDAD FINANCIERA DE OBJETO MULTIPLE, ENTIDAD NO REGULADA, REPRESENTED HEREIN BY RAM N GARC A TORRES , AS ATTORNEY-IN-FACT, HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS THE LENDER AGILETHOUGHT DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, SOCIEDAD ANONIMA PROMOTORA DE INVERSION DE CAPITAL VARIABLE , REPRESENTED HEREIN BY MANUEL SENDEROS FERN NDEZ , AS ATTORNEYS-IN FACT SIC , HEREINAFTER THE BORROWER AND DIEGO HILDEBRANDO ZAVALA G MEZ DEL CAMPO , INDIVIDUALLY AND ON HIS OWN BEHALF, AS JOINT AND SEVERAL OBLIGOR, HEREINAFTER THE JOINT AND SEVERAL OBLIGOR, COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE PARTIES, PURSUANT TO THE RECITALS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND CLAUSES BELOW 
 
 R E C I T A L S 
 
 ONE. On July 26, 2021 , the PARTIES entered into a Loan Agreement identified with number 01687-CS-0507-2021 , whereby the LENDER granted to the BORROWER a line of credit up the amount of MXN 3,700,000.00 (three million seven hundred thousand and 00 100 dollars, legal tender in the United States of America or its equivalent in Mexican Pesos) , for a term of 6 (six) months, hereinafter the LOAN AGREEMENT. 
 
 TWO. Notarial Instrument 103,446 dated July 26, 2021, issued by C sar lvarez Flores, Notary Public number 87 for Mexico City, contains the irrevocable security trust agreement identified with number 216 C, between DIEGO HILDEBRANDO ZAVALA G MEZ DEL CAMPO , individually and on his own behalf and as Grantor, Secondary Beneficiary, Borrower, and Escrow Agent and the company AGILETHOUGHT DIGITAL SOLUTIONS S.A.P.I. DE C.V. as Lender and finally the company EXITUS CAPITAL S.A.P.I. DE C.V. SOFOM E.N.R. , as Primary Beneficiary and Trustee which is in effect as of the date hereof and whose property is comprised of the real property whose description and characteristics are identified in said agreement (hereinafter TRUST 216 C ). 
 
 THREE. On January 25, 2022 , the PARTIES entered into a First Amendment to the LOAN AGREEMENT , whereby the PARTIES agreed to modify the Loan Term (as such term is defined in the Agreement) and extend the term thereof up to an additional term of 6 (six) months, hereinafter the FIRST AMENDMENT. 
 
 FOUR On July 26, 2022 , the PARTIES entered into a Second Amendment to the LOAN AGREEMENT , whereby the PARTIES agreed to modify the Loan Term (as such term is defined in the Agreement) and extend the term thereof up to an additional term of 6 (six) months, hereinafter the SECOND AMENDMENT, resulting in a loan term of 18 (eighteen) months from the execution date. 

R E P R E S E N T A T I O N S 
 
 I. THE LENDER REPRESENTS, THROUGH ITS ATTORNEY-IN-FACT, THAT 
 
 1) It is a Business Corporation duly organized and existing under the Laws of the Mexican Republic with the name EC CONSULTORES FINANCIEROS, S.A. DE C.V., SOFOM, E.N.R., as evidenced by Notarial Instrument number 68,023, book 135, dated May 13, 2008, issued by Mois s Farca Chabarati, Notary Public number 91 for the Federal District, the first transcript of which was duly recorded in the Public Registry of Property and Commerce of the former Federal District with commercial folio number 384,458 on August 1, 2008. 
 
 2) It is a Multiple Purpose Financial Company, Non-regulated Entity Sociedad Financiera de Objeto M ltiple (SOFOM), Entidad No Regulada (E.N.R.) under the Decree amending, repealing and adding several provisions of the General Law on Negotiable Instruments and Credit Transactions Ley General de T tulos y Operaciones de Cr dito ), General Law on Auxiliary Credit Organizations and Activities Ley General de Organizaciones y Actividades Auxiliares del Cr dito ), Credit Institutions Law Ley de Instituciones de Cr dito ), General Law on Insurance and Mutual Insurance Companies Ley General de Instituciones y Sociedades Mutualistas de Seguros ), Federal Surety Bond Companies Law Ley Federal de las Instituciones de Fianzas ), Law to Regulate Financial Groups Ley para Regular las Agrupaciones Financieras ), (Savings and Popular Credit Law Ley de Ahorro y Cr dito Popular ), Foreign Investment Law Ley de Inversi n Extranjera ), Income Tax law Ley del Impuesto sobre la Renta ), Value Added Tax Law Ley del Impuesto al Valor Agregado ), and Federal Tax Code C digo Fiscal de la Federaci n published in the Federal Official Gazette Diario Oficial de la Federaci n on July 18, 2006. 
 
 3) It adopted the form of an Investment Promotion Stock Corporation Sociedad An nima Promotora de Inversi n and changed its name to EXITUS CAPITAL, S.A.P.I. DE C.V., SOFOM, E.N.R., as evidenced by Notarial Instrument Number 27,071 dated July 13, 2010, issued by V ctor Rafael Aguilar Molina, Notary Public Number 174 for the Federal District, the first transcript of which was duly recorded in the Public Registry of Property and Commerce of the former Federal District with commercial folio number 384458 on July 15, 2010. 
 
 4) Its attorney-in-fact, RAM N GARC A TORRES , proves his representative capacity and authority with which he appears herein with Instrument Number 18,699 dated June 30, 2021, issued by C sar lvarez Flores, Notary Number 86 for Mexico City, the first transcript 
 1 

Exhibit 10.10.1 

of which was recorded with electronic commercial folio number 384458-1 dated September 7, 2021 in the Public Registry of Property and Commerce of Mexico City, which has not been revoked or modified in any way. 
 
 5) Its address is located at Carretera M xico Toluca N mero 5420, Piso 8, Oficina 801, Colonia El Yaqui, Alcald a Cuajimalpa de Morelos, Ciudad de M xico, C digo Postal 0532 0 . 
 
 6) For the purposes of this Amendment, it incorporates herein by reference the representations contained in the LOAN AGREEMENT , certifying that each such representation is true and correct as of the date hereof, after this Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby take effect, as if such representations were made on this date. 
 
 II. THE BORROWER REPRESENTS, THROUGH ITS ATTORNEY-IN-FACT, THAT 
 
 1) It was incorporated with the name NORTH AMERICAN SOFTWARE, S.A. DE C.V . by Notarial Instrument number 218 dated December 13, 2000, issued by Alfredo Bazua Witte, Notary Public number 230 for the Federal District (now Mexico City), the first transcript of which was recorded in the General Office of the Public Registry of Commerce with commercial folio number 272047 dated February 9, 2001. 
 
 2) Notarial Instrument number 87,905 dated August 24, 2020, issued by Guillermo Oliver Bucio, Notary Public number 246, acting in the Notarial Journal of Francisco I. Hugues V lez, Notary number 212, in which Rosamar a L pez Lugo, Notary number 223 also acts, the three of them by a partnership agreement, the first transcript of which was recorded in the Public Registry of Property and Commerce of the Federal District (now Mexico City) with electronic commercial folio number 272047-1 dated September 22, 2020, contains the change of name to AGILETHOUGHT DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, S.A.P.I. DE C.V. 
 
 3) Its attorney-in-fact, MANUEL SENDEROS FERNANDEZ , proves his representative capacity and authority with which he appears herein with Notarial Instrument number 87,905 dated August 24, 2020, issued by Guillermo Oliver Bucio, Notary Public number 246, acting in the Notarial Journal of Francisco I. Hugues V lez, Notary number 212, in which Rosamar a L pez Lugo, Notary number 223 also acts, the three of them by a partnership agreement, the first transcript of which was recorded in the Public Registry of Property and Commerce of the Federal District (now Mexico City) with electronic commercial folio number 272047-1 dated September 22, 2020, which has not been revoked or limited in any way. 
 
 4) Its address is located at Avenida Jorge Jim nez Cant , S N, Edificio 2B, Despacho 324, Col. Hacienda de Valle Escondido, Municipio Atizap n de Zaragoza, Estado de M xico, C.P. 52937 . 
 
 5) For the purposes of this Amendment, it incorporates herein by reference the representations contained in the LOAN AGREEMENT , certifying that each such representation is true and correct as of the date hereof, after this Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby take effect, as if such representations were made on this date. 
 
 6) Pursuant to section 17 LOAN TERM , it requested the LENDER to extend the LOAN AGREEMENT for an additional term of 6 (six) months and the consequent amendment of the term thereof. 
 
 III. THE JOINT AND SEVERAL OBLIGOR REPRESENTS, ON HIS OWN BEHALF, THAT 
 
 DIEGO HILDEBRANDO ZAVALA G MEZ DEL CAMPO 
 
 1) He is a natural person , Mexican , born on September 18, 1961 , email diego.zavala agilethought.com, presently married under the separate property marital regime , and address located at Calle Lorenzo de la Hidalga No. 420, edificio Torre A, piso 12, San Mateo Tlaltenango, Cuajimalpa de Morelos . Ciudad de M xico, C.P. 05600. 
 
 2) For the purposes of this Amendment, he incorporates herein by reference the representations contained in the LOAN AGREEMENT , certifying that each such representation is true and correct as of the date hereof, after this Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby take effect, as if such representations were made on this date. 
 
 3) He wants to be bound joint and severally and unconditionally to the LENDER and be responsible for the performance of any and all obligations of the BORROWER under the LOAN AGREEMENT . 
 The PARTIES agree to grant the following clauses for the performance of this amendment 
 
 C L A U S E S 
 
 ONE. Amendments to the LOAN COVER SHEET . The PARTIES agree to extend the term indicated in the Loan Cover Sheet to the LOAN AGREEMENT to read as follows 
 2 

Exhibit 10.10.1 

) 
 
 LOAN TERM 
 UP TO 24 (TWENTY-FOUR) MONTHS AND ONE DAY 
 Payment due date Maturity of the borrowing provided in the Repayment Schedule and respective Promissory Notes. 
 
 Cut-off dates Monthly and as provided in the Repayment Schedule and respective Promissory Notes. 
 
 ) 
 
 TWO. Amendments to the LOAN CONDITIONS . The PARTIES agree to amend section 17 LOAN TERM and section 26 TERM of the LOAN CONDITIONS section contained in the LOAN AGREEMENT to read as follows 
 
 ) 
 
 17 
 LOAN TERM 
 6 (SIX) MONTHS ON THE UNDERSTANDING THAT THE TERM MAY BE EXTENDED BY AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES UP TO THREE ADDITIONAL TERMS OF 6 (SIX) MONTHS EACH, BY WRITTEN NOTICE TO EXITUS CAPITAL AND PRIOR PAYMENT OF THE APPLICABLE FEES PROVIDED THAT SUCH TERMS WILL MAINTAIN THE SAME TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LOAN. 

) 
 
 18 
 REPAYMENT OF THE LOAN 
 CAPITAL WILL BE REPAID AS FOLLOWS 
 THE FIRST PAYMENT WILL BE MADE ON JANUARY 27, 2023 IN THE AMOUNT OF 1,120,000.00 (ONE MILLION ONE HUNDRED TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS). 
 
 THE SECOND PAYMENT WILL BE MADE ON FEBRUARY 27, 2023 IN THE AMOUNT OF 1,000,000.00 (ONE MILLION DOLLARS). 

THE THIRD PAYMENT WILL BE MADE ON JULY 27, 2023 IN THE AMOUNT OF 1,580,000.00 (ONE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED EIGHTY THOUSAND DOLLARS). 

) 
 
 26 
 TERM 
 FROM JULY 26, 2021 TO JULY 27, 2023. 

THREE. Payment of Fees. For the execution and signing of this Amendment, the BORROWER shall pay the following applicable fees as indicated below 
 ORIGINATION FEE 
 PERCENTAGE 8.0 (EIGHT POINT ZERO PERCENT) ON THE AMOUNT CORRESPONDING TO THE AMOUNT OF US 2,580,000.00 (TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED EIGHTY THOUSAND DOLLARS LEGAL TENDER IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) PLUS VALUE ADDED TAX . 
 
 DATE AND METHOD OF PAYMENT THE FEE WILL BE PAID IN ONE SINGLE INSTALLMENT AT THE EXECUTION OF THIS AMENDMENT. 
 INVESTIGATION AND OR FORMALIZATION EXPENSES 
 PERCENTAGE 4.50 (FOUR POINT FIFTY PERCENT) ON THE AMOUNT CORRESPONDING TO THE AMOUNT OF US 2,580,000.00 (TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED EIGHTY THOUSAND DOLLARS LEGAL TENDER IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) PLUS VALUE ADDED TAX . 
 
 DATE AND METHOD OF PAYMENT THE FEE WILL BE PAID IN ONE SINGLE INSTALLMENT AT THE EXECUTION OF THIS AMENDMENT. 

) 
 
 3 

Exhibit 10.10.1 

25 
 ADDITIONAL OBLIGATIONS 
 THE BORROWER WILL HAVE 15 (FIFTEEN) CALENDAR DAYS MAXIMUM AS FROM JANUARY 26, 2023 TO GRANT THE GUARANTEES, TO THE SATISFACTION OF BOTH PARTIES, WHICH MUST BE SHARES OF THE COMPANY CALLED AGILETHOUGHT INC., WHICH MUST MAINTAIN DURING THE TERM OF THIS AMENDMENT A RATIO OF 2.0 (TWO POINT ZERO) TO 1.0 (ONE POINT ZERO). 

FOUR. Ratification of Guarantees . The PARTIES agree to carry out the necessary acts and actions so that TRUST 216 C may secure any and all obligations under the LOAN AGREEMENT and those under this Amendment. 
 FIVE. Ratification of Terms and No Novation . The PARTIES agree that, except for the amendments contained herein, the terms of the LOAN AGREEMENT will remain in full force and effect as per the terms originally agreed, hence they expressly acknowledge and agree that this Amendment does not constitute novation of the LOAN AGREEMENT . 
 SIX. Execution of Promissory Notes . As a result of the extension of the loan term provided in this Amendment, the BORROWER , as signatory, and the JOINT AND SEVERAL OBLIGOR , as Guarantor, shall sign one or more promissory notes with the new Loan Term as the maturity date, thus superseding the promissory notes signed on July 26, 2022. 
 
 After reading this amendment, the PARTIES state that it contains their true intention in the agreements stipulated herein and, therefore, there is no error, fraud, bad faith, injury, or any other vice of consent. 
 
 Aware of the scope and contents of this amendment, the PARTIES have signed three copies comprised of 4 (four) pages of text, one copy for each party, in Mexico City, on January 26, 2023. 

LENDER 
 EXITUS CAPITAL, S.A.P.I. DE C.V., SOFOM, E.N.R. 
 BORROWER 
 AGILETHOUGHT DIGITAL SOLUTIONS S.A.P.I. DE C.V. 
 s RAM N GARC A TORRES 
 s MANUEL SENDEROS FERN NDEZ RAM N GARC A TORRES 
 ATTORNEY-IN-FACT 
 MANUEL SENDEROS FERN NDEZ 
 ATTORNEY-IN-FACT 

JOINT AND SEVERAL OBLIGOR 

s DIEGO HILDEBRANDO ZAVALA G MEZ DEL CAMPO 
 DIEGO HILDEBRANDO ZAVALA G MEZ DEL CAMPO 
 ON HIS OWN BEHALF 

4 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.28 6>
 9
 exhibit10286sixthamendment.htm
 EX-10.28 6

Document 
 Exhibit 10.28.6 

 AMENDMENT No. 6 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT No. 6 TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of March 7, 2023, is entered into by and among AGILETHOUGHT, INC., a Delaware corporation Ultimate Holdings and AGILETHOUGHT MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V., a sociedad an nima de capital variable incorporated and existing under the laws of Mexico AgileThought Mexico and together with Ultimate Holdings, each a Borrower and collectively, the Borrowers ), AN GLOBAL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Intermediate Holdings , and together with Ultimate Holdings, the Holding Companies ), the other Loan Parties party hereto, the lenders party hereto (together with their respective successors and assigns, the Lenders ), GLAS USA LLC, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and GLAS AMERICAS LLC, as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent , and together with the Administrative Agent, the Agents and each, an Agent ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties have requested that the Agents and the Lenders amend certain terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Agents and the Lenders are willing to amend such terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the matters set forth in the above Recitals and the covenants and provisions herein set forth, and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I 
 RATIFICATION DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 
 Section 1.1 Amendments to Credit Agreement . This Amendment is entered into in accordance with Section 15.1 of the Credit Agreement and constitutes an integral part of the Credit Agreement. Except as amended by this Amendment, the provisions of the Credit Agreement are in all respects ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect. 

Section 1.2 Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) are used herein as therein defined, and the rules of interpretation set forth in Section 1.2 of the Credit Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Amendment. 

ARTICLE II 
 AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT RECTIFICATION OF AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Section 2.1 Amendments to Credit Agreement . Effective as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date (as defined below), the Credit Agreement is hereby amended in accordance with Exhibit A hereto by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and by inserting the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text ), in each case in the place where such text appears therein. 
 ARTICLE III 
 CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS 
 Section 3.1 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Amendment . This Amendment shall become effective on the date hereof, subject to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders having received on such date a copy of this Amendment signed by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 RATIFICATION AND REAFFIRMATION 
 Section 4.1 Ratification and Reaffirmation . Each Loan Party hereby ratifies and confirms the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, each of which shall remain in full force and effect according to their respective terms, as amended hereby. In connection with the execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents delivered herewith, each Loan Party, as borrower, debtor, grantor, mortgagor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, obligor or in other similar capacities in which such Loan Party grants liens or security interests in its properties or otherwise acts as an accommodation party, guarantor, obligor or indemnitor or in such other similar capacities, as the case may be, in any case under any Loan Documents, hereby (a) ratifies, reaffirms, confirms and continues all of its payment and performance and other obligations, including obligations to indemnify, guarantee, act as surety, or as principal obligor, in each case contingent or otherwise, under each of such Loan Documents to which it is a party, (b) ratifies, reaffirms, confirms and continues its grant of liens on, or security interests in, and assignments of its properties pursuant to such Loan Documents to which it is a party as security for the Obligations, and (c) confirms and agrees that such liens and security interests secure all of the Obligations. Each Loan Party hereby consents to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby. Each Loan Party acknowledges (i) that each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party remains in full force and effect, (ii) that each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party is hereby ratified, continued and confirmed, (iii) that any and all obligations of such Loan Party under any one or more such documents to which it is a party is hereby ratified, continued and reaffirmed, and (iv) that, to such Loan Party's knowledge, there exists no offset, counterclaim, deduction or defense to any obligations described in this Section 4. This Amendment shall not constitute a course of dealing with the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders at variance with the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents such as to require further notice by the Administrative Agent, the 
 2 

Collateral Agent or the Lenders to require strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents in the future. 
 ARTICLE V 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 5.1 Representations and Warranties . To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to execute this Amendment, each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows 
 a. the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by the Loan Parties has been duly authorized, and this Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors' rights generally and to general principles of equity 
 b. the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by each Loan Party does not require any consent or approval of any governmental agency or authority (other than (i) any consent or approval which has been obtained and is in full force and effect, or (ii) where the failure to obtain such consent would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) 
 c. after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, each of the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (unless any such representation or warranty is by its terms qualified by concepts of materiality, in which case that representation or warranty is true and correct in all respects) with the same effect as if then made (except to the extent stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case that representation or warranty is true and correct in all material respects or in all respects, as applicable, as of that earlier date) 
 d. after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, each Loan Party is, and the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis are, Solvent. No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Amendment or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party and 
 e. after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the execution and effectiveness of this Amendment. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 3 

Section 6.1 Signatures Effect of Amendment . By executing this Amendment, each of the Loan Parties is deemed to have executed the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, as a Borrower and a Loan Party (or, in the case of the Intermediate Holdings and the Guarantors, solely as a Loan Party). All such Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that (a) nothing contained in this Amendment in any manner or respect limits or terminates any of the provisions of the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents other than as expressly set forth herein and further agree and acknowledge that the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) and each of the other Loan Documents remain and continue in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and (b) other than as expressly set forth herein, the obligations under the Credit Agreement and the guarantees, pledges and grants of security interests created under or pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents continue in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and the Collateral secures and shall continue to secure the Loan Parties' obligations under the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) and any other obligations and liabilities provided for under the Loan Documents. Except to the extent expressly set forth herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any rights, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a novation of any of the Obligations under the Credit Agreement or obligations under the Loan Documents. This Amendment does not extinguish the indebtedness or liabilities outstanding in connection with the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. No delay on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender in exercising any of their respective rights, remedies, powers and privileges under the Credit Agreement or any of the Loan Documents or partial or single exercise thereof, shall constitute a waiver thereof. None of the terms and conditions of this Amendment may be changed, waived, modified or varied in any manner, whatsoever, except in accordance with Section 15.1 of the Credit Agreement. 
 Section 6.2 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed electronically and in any number of counterparts and by the different parties on separate counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of the executed counterpart of this Amendment by telecopy or electronic mail shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to this Amendment. 
 Section 6.3 Severability . The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder. 
 Section 6.4 Captions . Section captions used in this Amendment are for convenience only, and shall not affect the construction of this Amendment. 
 Section 6.5 Entire Agreement . This Amendment embodies the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings of such Persons, verbal or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 4 

Section 6.6 References . Any reference to the Credit Agreement contained in any notice, request, certificate, or other document executed concurrently with or after the execution and delivery of this Amendment shall be deemed to include this Amendment unless the context shall otherwise require. Reference in any of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, or any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement shall be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby and as may be further amended, modified, restated, supplemented or extended from time to time. 
 Section 6.7 Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT IS A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 Section 6.8 Payment of Costs and Expenses . Each Loan Party, jointly and severally, agree pursuant to the terms of Section 15.5 of the Credit Agreement, to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (including Attorney Costs and Taxes) in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents. 
 Section 6.9 Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent Instruction . Each Lender party hereto (constituting all the Lenders under the Credit Agreement), through its execution of this Amendment, hereby instructs each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to execute and deliver this Amendment. 
 Signatures Immediately Follow 
 5 

The parties are signing this Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement as of the date stated in the introductory clause. 
 BORROWERS AGILETHOUGHT, INC. (f k a AN GLOBAL INC.), a Delaware corporation By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AGILETHOUGHT MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V., 
 a sociedad an nima de capital variable 
 incorporated under the laws of Mexico 
 By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Attorney-in-fact By 
 s Mauricio Garduno Name Mauricio Garduno Title Attorney-in-fact 

GUARANTORS 4TH SOURCE, LLC a Delaware limited liability company By 
 s Diana Abril Name Diana Abril Title Manager IT GLOBAL HOLDING LLC a Delaware limited liability company By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AN GLOBAL LLC a Delaware limited liability company By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President QMX INVESTMENT HOLDINGS USA, INC. a Delaware Corporation By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 

Signature page to Sixth Amendment 

AGILETHOUGHT DIGITAL SOLUTIONS S.A.P.I. de C.V. a sociedad an nima promotora de inversiones de capital variable 
 incorporated under the laws of Mexico 
 By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Attorney-in-fact By 
 s Mauricio Gardu o Name Mauricio Gardu o Title Attorney-in-fact 4TH SOURCE HOLDING CORP., a Delaware Corporation By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 4TH SOURCE MEXICO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By 4TH Source, LLC, as Member By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President ENTREPIDS TECHNOLOGY, INC, a Delaware Corporation By 
 s Diana Abril Name Diana Abril Title Secretary 
 Signature page to Sixth Amendment 

AGS ALPAMA GLOBAL SERVICES USA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 By QMX Investment Holdings USA, Inc. 
 By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AN USA, a California Corporation By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AGILETHOUGHT, LLC, a Florida limited liability company By 
 s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Manager 

Signature page to Sixth Amendment 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT GLAS USA LLC, as Administrative Agent 
 By 
 s Katie Fischer Name Katie Fischer Title Vice President COLLATERAL AGENT GLAS AMERICAS LLC, as Collateral Agent By 
 s Katie Fischer Name Katie Fischer Title Vice President 

Signature page to Sixth Amendment 

LENDERS BANCO NACIONAL DE M XICO, S.A., INTEGRANTE DEL GRUPO FINANCIERO BANAMEX, DIVISI N FIDUCIARIA, COMO FIDUCIARIO DEL FIDEICOMISO IRREVOCABLE F 17937-8 a trust organized under the laws of Mexico 
 By 
 s Andres Borrego Name Andres Borrego Title Attorney-in-fact By 
 s Manuel Ramos Name Manuel Ramos Title Attorney-in-fact BANCO NACIONAL DE M XICO, S.A., INTEGRANTE DEL GRUPO FINANCIERO BANAMEX, DIVISI N FIDUCIARIA, COMO FIDUCIARIO DEL FIDEICOMISO IRREVOCABLE F 17938-6 a trust organized under the laws of Mexico By 
 s Andres Borrego Name Andres Borrego Title Attorney-in-fact By 
 s Manuel Ramos Name Manuel Ramos Title Attorney-in-fact 

Signature page to Sixth Amendment 

LENDERS BANCO NACIONAL DE M XICO, S.A., MEMBER OF GRUPO FINANCIERO BANAMEX, DIVISI N FIDUCIARIA, IN ITS CAPACITY AS TRUSTEE OF THE TRUST NEXXUS CAPITAL VI AND IDENTIFIED WITH NUMBER NO. F 173183 a trust organized under the laws of Mexico 
 By 
 s Arturo Jose Saval Perez Name Arturo Jose Saval Perez Title Attorney-in-fact By 
 s Roberto Langenauer Neuman Name Roberto Langenauer Neuman Title Attorney-in-fact NEXXUS CAPITAL PRIVATE EQUITY FUND VI, L.P. By 
 s Arturo Jose Saval Perez Name Arturo Jose Saval Perez Title Attorney-in-fact By 
 s Roberto Langenauer Neuman Name Roberto Langenauer Neuman Title Attorney-in-fact 
 
 Signature page to Sixth Amendment 

LENDERS MANUEL SENDEROS FERNANDEZ By 
 s Manuel Senderos KEVIN JOHNSTON By 
 s Kevin Johnston 
 
 Signature page to Sixth Amendment 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 attached 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of November 22, 2021 
 by and among 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. 
 and 
 AGILETHOUGHT MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V. as Borrowers, 
 AN GLOBAL LLC, 
 as Intermediate Holdings 
 CERTAIN OTHER LOAN PARTIES PARTY HERETO, 
 
 THE VARIOUS FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO, as Lenders, 
 GLAS USA LLC, as Administrative Agent, 
 and 
 GLAS AMERICAS LLC, as Collateral Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.1 Definitions 2 
 Section 1.2 Other Interpretive Provisions 51 52 
 Section 1.3 Accounting and Other Terms 52 53 
 Section 1.4 Classification of Loans 53 
 ARTICLE II COMMITMENTS OF THE LENDERS BORROWING PROCEDURES 
 Section 2.1 Loans 53 54 
 Section 2.2 Borrowing Procedures 54 55 
 Section 2.3 Commitments Several 55 56 
 Section 2.4 Certain Conditions 55 56 
 Section 2.5 Defaulting Lenders 55 56 
 ARTICLE III EVIDENCING OF LOANS 
 Section 3.1 Notes 56 57 
 Section 3.2 Recordkeeping 57 
 ARTICLE IV INTEREST 
 Section 4.1 Interest Rates 57 
 Section 4.2 Interest Payment Dates Payment-in-Kind 58 
 Section 4.3 Computation of Interest 61 62 
 Section 4.4 Intent to Limit Charges to Maximum Lawful Rate 61 62 

ARTICLE V FEES 
 Section 5.1 Fee Letters 62 
 Section 5.2 Facility Fee. 62 
 ARTICLE VI REDUCTION OR TERMINATION OF THE COMMITMENT PREPAYMENTS. 
 Section 6.1 Reduction or Termination of the Commitment 64 
 Section 6.2 Prepayments 64 
 Section 6.3 Manner and Application of Prepayments 66 
 Section 6.4 Repayments 66 67 
 Section 6.5 Increase of Tranche B-1 and Tranche B-2 Loans Payment Amount 66 67 
 Section 6.6 Reserved 67 68 
 ARTICLE VII MAKING AND PRORATION OF PAYMENTS SETOFF TAXES 
 Section 7.1 Making of Payments 67 68 
 Section 7.2 Application of Certain Payments 68 69 
 Section 7.3 Due Date Extension 69 
 Section 7.4 Setoff 69 70 
 Section 7.5 Proration of Payments 69 70 
 Section 7.6 Taxes 69 70 
 ARTICLE VIII INCREASED COSTS 
 Section 8.1 Increased Costs 73 74 
 Section 8.2 Reserved 74 75 
 Section 8.3 Changes in Law Rendering Loans Unlawful 74 75 
 Section 8.4 Right of Lenders to Fund through Other Offices 74 75 
 Section 8.5 Mitigation of Circumstances Replacement of Lenders 74 75 
 Section 8.6 Conclusiveness of Statements Survival of Provisions 75 76 
 Section 8.7 Funding Losses 75 76 

ARTICLE IX REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 9.1 Organization Good Standing, Etc. 76 
 Section 9.2 Authorization Etc. 76 77 
 Section 9.3 Government Approvals 76 77 
 Section 9.4 Enforceability of Loan Documents 76 77 
 Section 9.5 Capitalization 77 
 Section 9.6 Litigation 77 78 
 Section 9.7 Financial Statements 77 78 
 Section 9.8 Compliance with Law, Etc. 78 
 Section 9.9 ERISA 78 
 Section 9.10 Taxes, Etc. 78 79 
 Section 9.11 Regulations T, U and X 78 79 
 Section 9.12 Nature of Business 79 
 Section 9.13 Adverse Agreements, Etc. 79 
 Section 9.14 Permits, etc 79 80 
 Section 9.15 Properties 79 80 
 Section 9.16 Employee and Labor Matters 79 80 
 Section 9.17 Environmental Matters 80 
 Section 9.18 Insurance 80 81 
 Section 9.19 reserved 80 81 
 Section 9.20 Solvency 80 81 
 Section 9.21 Intellectual Property 80 81 
 Section 9.22 Material Contracts 81 82 
 Section 9.23 Investment Company Act 81 82 
 Section 9.24 Customers and Suppliers 81 82 
 Section 9.25 Reserved . 81 82 
 Section 9.26 Sanctions Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money Laundering Laws 81 82 
 Section 9.27 Anti-Bribery and Corruption 82 83 
 Section 9.28 Full Disclosure 82 83 
 ARTICLE X AFFIRMATIVE AND NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 10.1 Affirmative Covenants 83 84 
 Section 10.2 Negative Covenants 94 95 
 Section 10.3 Financial Covenants 100 102 

ARTICLE XI RESERVED 
 ARTICLE XII EFFECTIVENESS CONDITIONS OF LENDING, ETC. 
 Section 12.1 Credit Extension 101 104 
 Section 12.2 Conditions Precedent to all Loans 103 106 
 ARTICLE XIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND THEIR EFFECT 
 Section 13.1 Events of Default 104 107 
 Section 13.2 Cure Right 108 110 
 ARTICLE XIV AGENCY 
 Section 14.1 Appointment and Authorization 108 111 
 Section 14.2 Reserved 109 111 
 Section 14.3 Delegation of Duties 109 112 
 Section 14.4 Exculpation of Agents 109 112 
 Section 14.5 Reliance by Agents 112 115 
 Section 14.6 Notice of Default 112 115 
 Section 14.7 Credit Decision 113 116 
 Section 14.8 Indemnification 113 116 
 Section 14.9 Agents in their Individual Capacity 114 116 
 Section 14.10 Successor Agents 114 117 
 Section 14.11 Collateral Matters 114 117 
 Section 14.12 Restriction on Actions by Lenders 115 118 
 Section 14.13 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 115 118 
 Section 14.14 Other Agents Arrangers and Managers 116 119 
 Section 14.15 Reserved 116 119 
 Section 14.16 Mexican Powers of Attorney 116 119 

ARTICLE XV GENERAL 
 Section 15.1 Waiver Amendments 117 119 
 Section 15.2 Confirmations 118 121 
 Section 15.3 Notices 118 121 
 Section 15.4 Computations 119 122 
 Section 15.5 Costs, Expenses and Taxes 119 122 
 Section 15.6 Assignments Participations 120 123 
 Section 15.7 Register 121 124 
 Section 15.8 GOVERNING LAW 122 125 
 Section 15.9 Confidentiality 122 125 
 Section 15.10 Severability 123 126 
 Section 15.11 Nature of Remedies 123 126 
 Section 15.12 Entire Agreement 123 126 
 Section 15.13 Counterparts 123 126 
 Section 15.14 Successors and Assigns 124 126 
 Section 15.15 Captions 124 127 
 Section 15.16 Customer Identification USA PATRIOT Act Notice 124 127 
 Section 15.17 INDEMNIFICATION BY LOAN PARTIES 124 127 
 Section 15.18 Nonliability of Lenders 125 127 
 Section 15.19 FORUM SELECTION AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 125 128 
 Section 15.20 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 126 129 
 Section 15.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 126 129 
 ARTICLE XVI JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY 
 Section 16.1 Joint and Several Liability 127 130 
 ARTICLE XVII 
 APPOINTMENT OF BORROWER REPRESENTATIVE 
 ARTICLE XVIII 
 CONVERSION RIGHTS 
 Section 18.1 Conversion on the Maturity Date 131 134 

Section 18.2 Early Conversion 132 134 
 Section 18.3 Limitation on Conversion 132 135 
 Section 18.4 Conversions Generally 132 135 
 Section 18.5 Mergers 132 135 
 Section 18.6 Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock. 133 135 
 Section 18.7 Delivery of Conversion Payment Shares 134 137 
 Section 18.8 Reservation of Shares 134 137 
 Section 18.9 Calculations 135 137 
 Section 18.10 Conversion Information 135 138 
 Section 18.11 Taxes 135 138 
 Section 18.12 Peso Loans 136 138 
 Section 18.13 Additional Definitions 136 139 
 ARTICLE XIX 
 GUARANTY 
 Section 19.1 Guaranty 138 141 
 Section 19.2 Guaranty Absolute 138 141 
 Section 19.3 Waiver 139 142 
 Section 19.4 Continuing Guaranty Assignments 140 142 
 Section 19.5 Subrogation 140 143 
 Section 19.6 Contribution 141 143 

ANNEXES 
 Annex A Commitments and Applicable Percentages Annex B Notices 
 SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 9.5 Capitalization Subsidiaries Schedule 9.6 Litigation Schedule 9.9 ERISA Schedule 9.12 Nature of Business Schedule 9.16 Employee and Labor Matters Schedule 9.17 Environmental Matters Schedule 9.18 Insurance Schedule 9.21 Intellectual Property Schedule 9.22 Material Contracts Schedule 11.1(e) Permitted Existing Earn-out Obligations 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit B Form of Joinder Agreement Exhibit C Form of Master Intercompany Note Exhibit D Form of Tranche A-1 Note Exhibit E Form of Tranche A-2 Note Exhibit F Form of Tranche B-1 Note Exhibit G Form of Tranche B-2 Note Exhibit H Form of Tranche C Note Exhibit I Form of Tranche D Note Exhibit J Form of Assignment Agreement Exhibit K Form of Tranche E Note 

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 Page 
 
 Account 2 
 Account Debtor 2 
 Accounts 2 
 Administrative Agent 2 
 Affiliate 2 
 Agents 2 
 Agents Fee Letters 3 
 AgileThought Mexico 1 
 Agreement 1 
 Allocable Amount 128 131 
 Amendment No. 1 3 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date 3 
 Approved Fund 4 
 Assignee 120 123 
 Assignment Agreement 120 123 
 Attorney Costs 4 
 Bail-In Action 4 
 Bail-In Legislation 4 
 Bankruptcy Code 4 5 
 Borrower 1 
 Borrower Representative 4 5 
 Borrowers 1 
 Business Day 4 5 
 Business Interruption Proceeds 5 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations 5 
 Cash Collateralize 5 
 Change in Law 5 6 
 Closing Date 6 7 
 Code 6 7 
 Collateral 6 7 
 Collateral Agent 7 
 Collateral Documents 7 
 Commitment 7 
 Commodity Exchange Act 7 
 Competitor 7 
 Compliance Certificate 7 
 Computation Period 7 
 Connection Income Taxes 7 

Consolidated Group 7 8 
 Contingent Liability 8 9 
 Control Agreement 9 10 
 Debt 10 
 Default 10 11 
 Defaulting Lender 10 11 
 Deposit Account 11 
 Deposit Accounts 11 
 Dollar 11 12 
 Dollar Amount 11 12 
 Dollar Commitment 12 
 Dollar Equivalent 12 
 Dollar Lender 12 13 
 Dollar Loan 12 13 
 Earn-out Obligations 12 13 
 EBITDA 12 13 
 EEA Financial Institution 14 
 EEA Member Country 14 15 
 EEA Resolution Authority 14 15 
 Eligible Assignee 14 15 
 Equity Interests 15 16 
 ERISA 15 16 
 ERISA Affiliate 16 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule 17 
 Excluded Foreign Subsidiary 17 
 Excluded Swap Obligation 17 
 Excluded Taxes 17 18 
 Extraordinary Receipts 18 
 FATCA 19 
 First Lien Agent 1 
 Fiscal Quarter 19 20 
 Fiscal Year 19 20 
 Foreign Subsidiary 20 
 FRB 20 
 Funds Flow Memorandum 54 55 
 GAAP 20 
 Governmental Authority 20 21 
 Guarantor 20 21 
 Guaranty 20 21 
 Guaranty and Collateral Agreement 21 

Hazardous Substances 21 22 
 Hedging Obligations 21 22 
 Indemnified Liabilities 124 127 
 Indemnified Taxes 22 23 
 Indemnitee 124 127 
 Insolvency Proceeding 22 23 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement 23 
 Interest Expense 23 
 Inventory 23 
 IRR 23 24 
 IRS 23 24 
 Joint Liability Payment 128 131 
 Lender 24 
 Lender Party 124 127 
 Lenders 1 
 Lien 24 
 Liquidity 24 25 
 Loan 24 25 
 Loan Documents 24 25 
 Loan Party 24 25 
 Market Disruption Event 136 139 
 Master Intercompany Note 24 25 
 Material Adverse Effect 24 25 
 Maturity Conversion Date 131 134 
 Maturity Conversion Notice 131 134 
 Maturity Date 25 26 
 Merger Event 132 135 
 Mexican Administration Trust 25 26 
 Mexican Administration Trust Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement 25 26 
 Mexican Collateral Agreements 26 
 Mexican Collateral Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreements 26 
 Mexican Loan Documents 26 
 Mexican Security Trust 26 27 
 Mexican Security Trust Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement 26 27 
 Mexican Subsidiaries 26 27 
 Mexico 27 
 Mortgage 27 
 Mortgage-Related Documents 27 
 MXN 39 40 
 Net Cash Proceeds 27 28 

New Senior Credit Facility 28 , 29 
 Non-Consenting Lender 118 120 
 Note 28 29 
 Notes 28 29 
 Notice of Borrowing 54 55 
 Obligations 28 29 
 OFAC 28 29 
 Optional Conversion Notice 132 134 
 Other Connection Taxes 28 29 
 Paid in Full 29 
 Participant 121 124 
 Participant Register 122 125 
 Payment Conditions 28 29 
 Payment in Full 29 
 Perfection Certificate 29 30 
 Permits 29 30 
 Permitted Earn-out Obligations 32 
 Permitted Earn-out Payments 32 
 Permitted Existing Earn-Out Obligations 32 33 
 Permitted Factoring Dispositions 32 33 
 Permitted Holders 32 33 
 Person 39 40 
 Peso Commitments 39 40 
 Peso Equivalent 39 40 
 Peso Lender 39 40 
 Peso Loan 39 40 
 Peso Dollar Reference Exchange Rate 39 40 
 Pesos 39 40 
 Pro Rata Share 40 41 
 proceeding 40 41 
 Proceeding 40 41 
 Process Agent 125 128 
 Reference Property 133 136 
 Reference Subordination Agreement 1 
 Register 121 124 
 Registration Rights Agreement 42 43 
 Replacement Lender 75 76 
 Required Lenders 43 44 
 Sanction(s) 44 45 
 SEC 44 45 

Senior Officer 45 
 Subordinated Debt 45 46 
 Subordination Agreement 45 46 
 Subsidiary 45 46 
 Successor Company 132 135 
 Swap Obligation 45 46 
 Taxes 45 46 
 Termination Date 45 46 
 Total Debt 45 46 
 Total Leverage Ratio 46 47 
 Tranche A Applicable Rate 46 47 
 Tranche A Commitment 47 , 48 
 Tranche A Lender 47 48 
 Tranche A Loan 47, 48 
 Tranche A Note 47, 48 
 Tranche A-1 Facility Fee 62 63 
 Tranche A-1 Facility Fee Payment Date 62 63 
 Tranche A-1 Total Repayment Return 47 48 
 Tranche A-2 Facility Fee 62 63 
 Tranche A-2 Facility Fee Payment Date 62 63 
 Tranche A-2 Total Repayment Return 48 49 
 Tranche B Commitment 48, 49 , 50 
 Tranche B Lender 48, 49, 50 
 Tranche B Loan 48, 49, 50 
 Tranche B Note 48, 49, 50 
 Tranche E Commitment 50 51 
 Tranche E Lender 50 51 
 Tranche E Loan 50 51 
 Tranche E Maturity Date 50 51 
 Tranche E Note 50 51 
 Type 50 51 
 U.S. 51 
 U.S. Withholding Tax Additional Amounts 70 71 
 U.S. 11 12 
 UCC 51 
 Ultimate Holdings 1, 51 
 United States 51 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary 51 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers 51 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (as amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time, this Agreement ), dated as of November 22, 2021, is entered into by and among AGILETHOUGHT, INC., a Delaware corporation Ultimate Holdings and AGILETHOUGHT MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V., a sociedad an nima de capital variable incorporated and existing under the laws of Mexico AgileThought Mexico and together with Ultimate Holdings, each a Borrower and collectively, the Borrowers ), AN GLOBAL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Intermediate Holdings , and together with Ultimate Holdings, the Holding Companies the other Loan Parties party hereto, the financial institutions that are or may from time to time become parties hereto (together with their respective successors and assigns, the Lenders ), GLAS USA LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of New Jersey, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and GLAS AMERICAS LLC, as the Collateral Agent for the Lenders, and together with the Administrative Agent, the Agents and each, an Agent. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the Lenders (as defined below) make Loans (as defined below) to provide the funds required to prepay existing Debt of the Loan Parties and for other general corporate purposes, as further provided herein, in the form of US Dollar denominated term loans and Peso denominated term loans to the Borrowers 
 WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing to do so, but solely on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
 WHEREAS, to secure the Loans and other Obligations, the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties are granting to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents (as defined below) and Lenders, or directly to the Lenders in the case of the Mexican Collateral Agreements (as defined below), a security interest in and lien upon substantially all of the real and personal property of the Loan Parties and 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement (and the indebtedness and obligations evidenced hereby) are subordinate in the manner, and to the extent, set forth in that certain subordination and intercreditor agreement dated as of May 27, 2022 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Reference Subordination Agreement by and among Blue Torch Finance LLC, as first lien agent for the first lien creditors (the First Lien Agent and the Agents, as second lien agents for the second lien creditors, and acknowledged by the Credit Parties signatory thereto and each Lender under this 

Agreement, by its acceptance hereof, shall be bound by the terms and provisions of the Reference Subordination Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.1 Definitions. When used herein the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Account or Accounts is defined in the UCC. 
 Account Debtor is defined in the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement. 
 Acquisition means the acquisition (whether by means of a merger, amalgamation, consolidation or otherwise) of Equity Interests of any Person or all or substantially all of the assets of (or any division or business line of) any Person. 
 Additional Second Lien Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Party) that is secured on a pari passu basis to the Obligations the terms of which (including, without limitation, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, defaults and other material terms) are satisfactory to the Agents (as defined in the New Senior Credit Agreement) and the Required Lenders (as defined in the New Senior Credit Agreement). 
 Administrative Agent means GLAS USA LLC in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder, and any successor thereto in such capacity. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 10 or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of members of the Board of Directors of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Agent or any Lender be considered an Affiliate of any Loan Party. 

AGS Indebtedness means Indebtedness in the aggregate principal amount of 673,000 pursuant to that certain Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of June 24, 2021, by Ultimate Holdings in favor of AGS Group LLC. 
 AGS Subordination Agreement means that certain Subordination Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2021, by and among Intermediate Holdings, Ultimate Holdings, Blue Torch Finance LLC and AGS Group LLC, with respect to the AGS Indebtedness, as said agreement may be supplemented by an agreement in which AGS Group LLC confirms the subordination provided thereby with respect to the Obligations (as defined in the New Senior Credit Agreement). 
 Agents means Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 
 Agents Fee Letter means the fee letter dated as of November 22, 2021, among the Borrowers and Agents. 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. The Aggregate Commitments of the Lenders on the Closing Date is (i) with respect to the Dollar Commitments, US 7,500,000.00 plus the equivalent in Dollars of MXN 71,524,492.12 determined by reference to the Conversion Rate as of the Closing Date and (ii) with respect to the Peso Commitments, MXN198,446,203. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement. 
 Amendment No. 1 means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2021, among Ultimate Holdings and AgileThought Mexico as Borrowers, Intermediate Holdings and Ultimate Holdings as Holding Companies, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the financial institutions that are or may from time to time become parties hereto as Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Amendment No. 3 means that certain Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2022, among Ultimate Holdings and AgileThought Mexico as Borrowers, Intermediate Holdings and Ultimate Holdings as Holding Companies, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the financial institutions that are or may from time to time become parties hereto as Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Amendment No. 3 Effective Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement. 

Amendment No. 4 Effective Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement. 
 Amendment No. 4 means that certain Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2022, among Ultimate Holdings and AgileThought Mexico as Borrowers, Intermediate Holdings and Ultimate Holdings as Holding Companies, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Amendment No. 6 means that certain Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2023, among Ultimate Holdings and AgileThought Mexico as Borrowers, Intermediate Holdings and Ultimate Holdings as Holding Companies, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Amendment No. 6 Effective Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Amendment No. 6 to the Credit Agreement. 
 AN Extend Earn-Out means certain earn-out payments owed by AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. and Holdings to certain Persons that were sellers of AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. in respect of the sale of AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. in an amount equal to US 1,750,333 (as of March 31, 2022), together with interest thereon. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all Requirements of Law concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the UK Bribery Act of 2010, and the anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations of those jurisdictions in which the Loan Parties do business. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means all Requirements of Law concerning or relating to terrorism or money laundering, including, without limitation, the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. 1956-1957), the USA PATRIOT Act and the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311-5332 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959) and the rules and regulations thereunder, and any law prohibiting or directed against the financing or support of terrorist activities (e.g., 18 U.S.C. 2339A and 2339B). 
 Approved Fund means (a) any Person (other than a natural Person) engaged in making, purchasing, holding, or investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit and that is advised, administered, or managed by a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender (or an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender), (b) with respect to any Lender that is an investment fund, any other investment fund that invests in loans and that is advised, administered or managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor, and (c) any third party which provides warehouse 

financing to a Person described in clause (a) or (b) (and any Person described in said clause (a) or (b) shall also be deemed an Approved Fund with respect to such third party providing such warehouse financing). 
 Attorney Costs means, with respect to any Person, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and charges of any counsel to such Person, and all court costs and similar legal expenses. 
 Authorized Officer means, with respect to any Person, the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or other financial officer performing similar functions, secretary, president or executive vice president of such Person. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Bankruptcy Code means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101, et seq.), as amended and in effect from time to time and the regulations issued from time to time thereunder. 
 Borrower Representative means Ultimate Holdings. 
 Business Day means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are not authorized or required to close in Mexico City, Mexico or New York City, New York. 
 Business Interruption Proceeds means cash proceeds received by any Loan Party pursuant to business interruption policies of insurance. 
 Capitalized Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property by such Person as lessee that is required under GAAP to be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person. 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person, obligations of such Person and its Subsidiaries under Capitalized Leases, and, for purposes hereof, the amount 

of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Collateralization means, with respect to any inchoate, contingent, or other Obligations, the delivery of cash with notice to Administrative Agent, as security for the payment of those Obligations, in an amount equal to with respect to any contingent indemnification obligations for which any claim with respect to Administrative Agent or any Lender has been asserted or threatened in writing, Administrative Agent s or Lender s (as applicable) good faith estimate of the amount due or to become due, including all fees and other amounts relating to those Obligations. 
 Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case, maturing within six months from the date of acquisition thereof (b) commercial paper, maturing not more than 270 days after the date of issue rated P 1 by Moody s or A 1 by Standard & Poor s (c) certificates of deposit maturing not more than 270 days after the date of issue, issued by commercial banking institutions and money market or demand deposit accounts maintained at commercial banking institutions, each of which is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 (d) repurchase agreements having maturities of not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition which are entered into with major money center banks included in the commercial banking institutions described in clause (c) above and which are secured by readily marketable direct obligations of the United States Government or any agency thereof (e) money market accounts maintained with mutual funds having assets in excess of 2,500,000,000, which assets are primarily comprised of Cash Equivalents described in another clause of this definition and (f) marketable tax-exempt securities rated A or higher by Moody s or A+ or higher by Standard & Poor s, in each case, maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof. 
 Change in Law means the adoption or phase-in of, or any change in, in each case after the date of this Agreement, any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration of any applicable law, rule, or regulation by any Governmental Authority, central bank, or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank, or comparable agency. For purposes of this Agreement, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith, and all requests, rules, guidelines, or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States 

regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, will, in each case, be deemed to have been adopted and gone into effect after the date of this Agreement. 
 Change of Control means each occurrence of any of the following 
 (a) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than a Permitted Holder of beneficial ownership of more than 33 of the aggregate outstanding voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of Ultimate Holdings 
 (b) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors of Ultimate Holdings (together with any new directors whose election by such Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of Ultimate Holdings was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors of Ultimate Holdings then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of such period, or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of Ultimate Holdings 
 (c) (i) Ultimate Holdings shall cease to have beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 100 of the aggregate voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of Intermediate Holdings and (ii) Ultimate Holdings shall cease to have beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 100 (or such lesser percentage as may be set forth on Schedule 9.5 of the aggregate voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (other than in connection with any transaction permitted pursuant to Section 10.2(c)(i)), free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens) or 
 (d) a Change of Control (or any comparable term or provision) under or with respect to any of the Equity Interests or Indebtedness of Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the New Senior Credit Agreement. 
 Closing Date means the first date upon which the conditions precedent set forth in Article XII shall have been satisfied. 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in effect from time to time and the regulations issued from time to time thereunder. 
 Collateral means all of the property and assets and all interests therein and proceeds thereof now owned or hereafter acquired by any Person upon which a Lien is granted or purported to be granted by such Person as security for all or any part of the Obligations. 

Collateral Agent means GLAS AMERICAS LLC in its capacity as collateral agent for the Lenders hereunder, and any successor thereto in such capacity. 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, the Mexican Collateral Agreements, the Mexican Collateral Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreements, each Mortgage-Related Document, each Control Agreement, each pledge agreement, each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, and any other agreement or instrument pursuant to which any Loan Party, any Subsidiary thereof, or any other Person grants or purports to grant collateral to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Agents and the Lenders or, in the case of the Mexican Collateral Agreements, to the Lenders, or otherwise relates to any such collateral. 
 Commitment means a Dollar Commitment or a Peso Commitment, as the context may require. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Competitor means any Person that is primarily engaged in the business of providing information technologies services, including, but not limited to, the implementation and integration of systems, support, consulting, maintenance, planning, and management of projects, design, and development of applications of the type made by the members of the Consolidated Group and their Subsidiaries. 
 Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit A . 
 Computation Period means each period of four Fiscal Quarters ending on the last day of a Fiscal Quarter. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Consolidated Group means the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any Person, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period provided, however , that (I) the following shall be excluded (a) the net income of any other Person in which such Person or one of its Subsidiaries has a joint interest with a third-party (which interest does not cause the net income of such other Person to be consolidated into the net income of such Person), except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions paid to such Person or Subsidiary, (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of such Person that is, on the last day of such period, subject to any restriction or limitation on the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions, to the extent of such restriction or limitation, and (c) the net income of any other Person arising prior to such other Person becoming a Subsidiary of such Person or merging or consolidating into such Person or its Subsidiaries . and (II) the following shall be added to consolidated net income (loss) of such Person only to the extent that, in calculating consolidated net income (without regard to this clause (II)) such amounts were deducted from consolidated net income (w) the Waiver and Amendment Fee (as such term is defined in the agreement referred to in clause (y) of the definition of Fee Letter (as such term is defined under the New Senior Credit Agreement)) (x) the amount of the Failed Payment Fees (as such term is defined in the agreement referred to in clause (y) of the Fee Letter (as such term is defined under the New Senior Credit Agreement)) actually paid and added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans (as such term is defined under the New Senior Credit Agreement) under the New Senior Credit Agreement (as of the date when paid and added) and (y) the additional fee of 500,000 paid by Intermediate Holdings on March 9, 2023 and added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans (as such term is defined under the New Senior Credit Agreement) on such date. 
 Consolidated Net Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) gross interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP (including, without limitation, interest expense paid to Affiliates of such Person), less (b) the sum of (i) interest income for such period and (ii) gains for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in interest income above and to the extent not deducted in the calculation of gross interest expense), plus (c) the sum of (i) losses for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense) and (ii) the upfront costs or fees for such period associated with Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense), in each case, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP. 
 Contingent Indemnity Obligations means any Obligation constituting a contingent indemnification obligation of any Loan Party, in each case, to the extent (a) such obligation has not accrued and is not yet due and payable and (b) no claim has been made with respect thereto. 

Contingent Liability means, with respect to any Person, each obligation and liability of such Person and all such obligations and liabilities of such Person incurred pursuant to any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by which such Person (a) guarantees, endorses or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon (by direct or indirect agreement, contingent or otherwise, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to, or otherwise to invest in, a debtor, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss) the indebtedness, dividend, obligation or other liability of any other Person in any manner (other than by endorsement of instruments in the course of collection), including any indebtedness, dividend or other obligation which may be issued or incurred at some future time, (b) guarantees the payment of dividends or other distributions upon the Equity Interests of any other Person, (c) undertakes or agrees (whether contingently or otherwise) (i) to purchase, repurchase, or otherwise acquire any indebtedness, obligation or liability of any other Person or any property or assets constituting security therefor, (ii) to advance or provide funds for the payment or discharge of any indebtedness, obligation or liability of any other Person (whether in the form of loans, advances, stock purchases, capital contributions or otherwise), or to maintain solvency, assets, level of income, working capital or other financial condition of any other Person, or (iii) to make payment to any other Person other than for value received, (d) agrees to lease property or to purchase securities, property or services from such other Person with the purpose or intent of assuring the owner of such indebtedness or obligation of the ability of such other Person to make payment of the indebtedness or obligation, (e) induces the issuance of, or is made in connection with the issuance of, any letter of credit for the benefit of such other Person, or (f) undertakes or agrees otherwise to assure a creditor against loss. The amount of any Contingent Liability shall (subject to any limitation set forth herein) be deemed to be the outstanding principal amount (or maximum permitted principal amount, if larger) of the indebtedness, obligation or other liability guaranteed or supported thereby. 
 Contingent Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intending to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, (a) the direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement, and (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of 

such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof provided, however , that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include any product warranties extended in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation with respect to which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability with respect thereto (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith. 
 Control Agreement means each deposit account control agreement or securities account control agreement, as applicable, entered into by, inter alios, a Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof, each depository institution or securities intermediary party thereto, and Collateral Agent in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders in their discretion. 
 Conversion Rate means, as of any date, the Peso Dollar exchange rate published by Banco de M xico in the Federal Official Gazette of Mexico Diario Oficial de la Federaci n as the rate para solventar obligaciones denominadas en moneda extranjera pagaderas en la Rep blica Mexicana (or any successor publication thereof of analogous import) on the Business Day immediately prior to the relevant calculation date, to be in effect on such calculation date provided that, if Banco de M xico ceases to publish such exchange rate, the Conversion Rate shall equal the average of the Peso Dollar exchange rates published by Credit Suisse AG (or the main offices of its subsidiaries located in Mexico, if not published by Credit Suisse AG) at the close of business on the Business Day immediately prior to the relevant calculation date (i.e., 24-hours forward), to be in effect on such calculation date. 
 Cure Right has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.2. 
 Current Value has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.1(m). 
 Debt means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables or other accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business and not outstanding for more than 90 days after the date such payable was created and any earn-out, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation until such obligation appears in the liabilities section of the balance sheet of such Person) (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments or upon which interest payments are customarily made (d) all reimbursement, payment or other obligations and liabilities of such Person created or arising 

under any conditional sales or other title retention agreement with respect to property used and or acquired by such Person, even though the rights and remedies of the lessor, seller and or lender thereunder may be limited to repossession or sale of such property (e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person (f) all obligations and liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of such Person, in respect of letters of credit, acceptances and similar facilities (g) all obligations and liabilities, calculated on a basis satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and in accordance with accepted practice, of such Person under Hedging Agreements (h) all monetary obligations under any receivables factoring, receivable sales or similar transactions and all monetary obligations under any synthetic lease, tax ownership operating lease, off-balance sheet financing or similar financing (i) all Contingent Obligations (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests and (k) all obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (j) of this definition of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien upon property owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership of or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer. 
 Default means any event that, if it continues uncured, will, with lapse of time or notice or both, constitute an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any portion of the Loans within two Business Days of the date required to be funded by it under this Agreement (b) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it under this Agreement within two Business Days of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute (c) has, or has a parent company that has, (i) been deemed insolvent or become the subject of an Insolvency Proceeding, or (ii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action (d) has notified any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, or any Lender that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit (unless that writing or public statement relates to that Lender s obligation to fund a Loan under this Agreement and states that that position is based on that Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, must be specifically identified in that writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied) or (e) has failed to confirm within three Business Days of a request by Administrative Agent made at the request of the Required Lenders that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund Loans. 

Deferred Monroe Fees means fees owed to Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC in respect of fees accrued prior to the May 27, 2022, under the Senior Credit Facility in an amount equal to 3,448,385. 
 Deposit Account or Deposit Accounts is defined in the UCC. 
 Disposition means any transaction, or series of related transactions, pursuant to which any Person or any of its Subsidiaries sells (including, without limitation, any sale leaseback transaction), assigns, transfers, leases, licenses (as licensor) or otherwise disposes of any property or assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any other Person, in each case, whether or not the consideration therefor consists of cash, securities or other assets owned by the acquiring Person. For purposes of clarification, Disposition shall include (a) the sale or other disposition for value of any contracts, (b) any disposition of property through a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, or (c) the early termination or modification of any contract resulting in the receipt by any Loan Party of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event (other than payments in the ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts due through the date of termination or modification). 
 Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends or distributions in cash, or (d) is convertible into or exchangeable for (i) Indebtedness or (ii) any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case of clauses (a) through (d), prior to the date that is 91 days after the New Senior Credit Agreement Final Maturity Date. 
 Dollar and the sign U.S. mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Dollar Amount means, at any time, for any Lender and for purposes of any determination required hereunder 
 (a) with respect to any Dollar Commitment, the Dollar amount thereof as set forth on Annex A or in the Assignment Agreement pursuant to which such Commitment (or portion thereof) has been assigned 
 (b) with respect to any Dollar Loan, the principal amount of, and interest on, such Loan then outstanding, expressed in Dollars 

(c) with respect to any Peso Commitment, the Dollar equivalent determined using the Peso Dollar Reference Exchange Rate of the amount of such Peso Commitment as set forth on Annex A or in the Assignment Agreement pursuant to which a Lender shall have assumed its Peso Commitment, as applicable and 
 (d) with respect to any Peso Loan, the principal amount of, and interest on, such Loan then outstanding, expressed as the Dollar equivalent amount thereof determined using the Peso Dollar Reference Exchange Rate. 
 Dollar Commitment means, as to each Dollar Lender, its obligation to make Dollar Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1(a) , in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Dollar Lender s name on Annex A or in the Assignment Agreement pursuant to which such Dollar Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, with respect to any monetary amount in Pesos, the amount, determined by reference to the Conversion Rate as of any date of determination, of Dollars that could be purchased with such amount of Pesos on such date. 
 Dollar Lender means at any time, (a) any Lender that has a Dollar Commitment at such time and (b) if the Commitments of the Dollar Lenders to make Dollar Loans have been terminated pursuant to Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, any Lender that holds a Dollar Loan at such time. 
 Dollar Loan means a Tranche A-1 Loan, a Tranche B-1 Loan, a Tranche C Loan, a Tranche D Loan and or Tranche E Loan as the context may require. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state or commonwealth thereof or under the laws of the District of Columbia. 
 Earn-out Obligations means the aggregate outstanding amount under all seller notes, earn-outs or obligations of all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (other than customary purchase price adjustments or indemnification obligations) in connection with any Acquisitions. 
 EBITDA means, for the Consolidated Group for any period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, 
 (a) Consolidated Net Income thereof for such period plus , to the extent deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of 

(b) without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such period 
 (i) any provision for United States federal income taxes or other taxes measured by net income (including any potential surcharges related to the timing difference of the provisional tax payments and the annual tax payments that would otherwise been paid as a tax expense), 
 (ii) Consolidated Net Interest Expense, 
 (iii) any loss from extraordinary items or non-recurring items provided that the aggregate amount of all addbacks pursuant to this clause (iii), together with all addbacks for non-recurring items pursuant to clause (viii)(B) below, shall not exceed 5 of EBITDA of Ultimate Holdings in any period, 
 (iv) any non-cash loss related to fair value adjustments (including with respect to the Existing Warrants), 
 (v) any depreciation and amortization expense, 
 (vi) any aggregate net loss on the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business, and 
 (vii) any other non-cash expenditure, charge or loss for such period (other than any non-cash expenditure, charge or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts and Inventory), 
 (viii) non-recurring cash restructuring expenses and other transaction expenses (including in connection with Project Thunder) in an aggregate amount (A) for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, not to exceed 3,000,000, and (B) for any subsequent period, not to exceed (together with all addbacks for non-recurring items pursuant to clause (iii) above), 5 of EBITDA of Ultimate Holdings for the most recently concluded fiscal quarter for which financial statements were delivered or were required to be delivered in accordance with Section 10.1(a)(ii), 
 (ix) any non-cash losses relating to currency translation adjustments when converting the results of Foreign Subsidiaries to Dollars for such period, 
 (x) the actual amount of reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs, and expenses paid during such period in connection with the negotiation, execution, and delivery of (A) the New Senior Credit Agreement and the other loan documents thereunder, and (B) amendments to this Agreement in connection with the New Senior Credit Agreement, in each case, to the extent such amounts are invoiced and paid on or prior to May 27, 2022 (or within 120 

days thereafter) provided that the aggregate amount of all addbacks for non-recurring items pursuant to this clause (x) shall not exceed US 5,250,000 , 
 (xi) any additional addbacks satisfactory to the First Lien Agent in its sole discretion, minus 
 (c) without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent included in the calculation of such Consolidated Net Income for such period 
 (i) any credit for United States federal income taxes or other taxes measured by net income, 
 
 (ii) any gain from extraordinary items, 
 
 (iii) any aggregate net gain from the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business, 
 
 (iv) any other non-cash gain, including any reversal of a charge referred to in clause (b)(vii) above by reason of a decrease in the value of any Equity Interest 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eligible Assignee means 
 (a) (i) any Lender, (ii) any Affiliate of a Lender, and (iii) any Approved Fund and 

(b) any other Person (other than a natural person) that is neither (i) a Competitor, nor (ii) designated by the Borrowers as a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date. 
 Employee Plan means an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), regardless of whether subject to ERISA, that any Loan Party maintains, sponsors or contributes to or is obligated to contribute to. 
 Environmental Claim means any action, suit, complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter or other communication, from any Person or Governmental Authority relating to or arising out of any threatened, alleged or actual (a) violation of, non-compliance with, or liability under, any Environmental Law, or (b) the manufacture, use, handling, processing, distribution, labeling, generation, transportation, storage, treatment, Release, threatened Release, disposal or arranging for the disposal of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Law means any Requirement of Law relating to, regulating or governing (i) the pollution or protection of the environment, any environmental media, natural resources, human health or safety, or (ii) the manufacture, use, handling, processing, distribution, labeling, generation, transportation, storage, treatment, Release, threatened Release, disposal or arranging for the disposal of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Liability means all liabilities (contingent or otherwise, known or unknown), monetary obligations, losses (including monies paid in settlement), damages, natural resource damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, costs, client charges and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest arising directly or indirectly as a result of, from, or based upon (a) any Environmental Claim, (b) any actual, alleged or threatened violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit, (c) any actual, alleged or threatened Release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Materials, (d) any Remedial Action, (e) any adverse environmental condition or (f) any contract, agreement or other arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed contractually or by operation of law with respect to any of the foregoing clauses (a)-(e). 
 Environmental Lien means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority arising out of any Environmental Liability. 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, license, authorization, approval, registration or entitlement required by or issued pursuant to any Environmental Law or by any Governmental Authority pursuant to Environmental Law. 

Equity Interests means (a) all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting and (b) all securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable. 
 Equity Issuance means either (a) the sale or issuance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any shares of its Equity Interests or (b) the receipt by Ultimate Holdings of any cash capital contributions. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended and in effect from time to time and the regulations issued from time to time thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of which such Person is a member and which would be deemed to be a controlled group or under common control within the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c) (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code or Sections 4001(a)(14) or 4001(b)(1) of ERISA. 
 ERISA Event means (a) the occurrence of a Reportable Event with respect to any Pension Plan (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standards of Section 412 or 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 or 303 of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA) or the failure to make a contribution or installment required under Section 412 or Section 430(j) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan (c) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (d) a determination that any Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, in critical or endangered status under Section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 305 of ERISA (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of an amendment to a Pension Plan as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA (f) the withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (g) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition that might constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan (h) the imposition of liability on any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 

4069(a) of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA (i) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan or the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is insolvent pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA (j) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on any Loan Party of material fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Sections 4975 or 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code or under Section 409, Section 502(c), (i) or (l), or Section 4071 of ERISA in respect of any Employee Plan or Pension Plan (k) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent, upon any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates (l) the assertion of a claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Employee Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in connection with any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (m) receipt from the Internal Revenue Service of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any such Pension Plan (or such other Employee Plan) to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (n) the imposition on any Loan Party of any material fine, excise tax or penalty with respect to any Employee Plan, Pension Plan, or Multiemployer Plan resulting from any noncompliance with any Requirements of Law (o) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan or (p) the occurrence of any Foreign Plan Event. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1. 
 Excluded Foreign Subsidiary means any Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, each Swap Obligation as to which, and only to the extent that, such Loan Party s guaranty of or grant of a Lien as security for such Swap Obligation is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act because the Loan Party does not constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the act (determined after giving effect to any keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Loan Party and all guarantees of Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) when such guaranty or grant of Lien becomes effective with respect to the Swap Obligation. If a Hedging 

Agreement governs more than one Swap Obligation, only the Swap Obligation(s) or portions thereof described in the foregoing sentence shall be Excluded Swap Obligation(s) for the applicable Loan Party. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to any payment (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any payment that results from the exercise of the conversion rights under Article XVIII made to any Agent, any Lender, or any other Person pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the following (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case (i) imposed as a result of that Person being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing that Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes (b) Taxes attributable to that Person s failure to comply with Section 7.6.5 or Section 7.6.8 , other than any such failure resulting from a Non-U.S. Lender being unable to obtain the required documentation and forms from its partners or other beneficial owners after using its best efforts to do so and (c) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Earn-Out Obligations means the Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.02(b)(ii) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022), including, for the avoidance of doubt, the AN Extend Earn-Out. 
 Existing First Lien Lenders means the lenders party to the Senior Credit Facility. 
 Existing Warrants means warrants for Class A ordinary shares of Holdings that have been issued prior to May 27, 2022, to the Existing First Lien Lenders. 
 Exitus Borrower shall mean AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. de C.V. (f k a North American Software, S.A.P.I. de C.V.), formed under the laws of Mexico. 
 Exitus Debt Noteholder shall mean Exitus Capital, S.A.P.I. DE C.V. SOFOM ENR. 
 Exitus Debt Promissory Note shall mean that certain Promissory Note, dated as of and as in effect on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date (as defined in the Senior Credit Facility), by and between Exitus Borrower and the Exitus Debt Noteholder, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time solely with the consent of the Administrative Agent acting at the instruction of the Required Lenders. 
 Exitus Indebtedness means Indebtedness in the aggregate principal amount of 3,700,000 1,580,000 pursuant to that certain Simple Loan Facility Agreement and related 

promissory note, in each case, dated as of July 26, 2021, by AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. de C.V. in favor of Exitus Capital, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 Exitus Renewal Fee means certain renewal fees with respect to the Exitus Indebtedness, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 444,000 in the aggregate. 
 Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by or paid to or for the account of any Loan Party not in the ordinary course of business consisting of (a) pension plan reversions, (b) proceeds of insurance (other than, for avoidance of doubt, Business Interruption Proceeds), (c) litigation proceeds, judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action (other than with respect to reimbursement of third-party claims), (d) condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), (e) indemnity payments (other than with respect to reimbursement of third-party claims), (f) amounts received in respect of indemnity obligations of any party or purchase price, working capital, and other monetary adjustments in connection with the Specified Acquisition Transactions or any other Acquisition, (g) amounts received in connection with or as proceeds from representation and or warranty insurance in connection with the Specified Acquisition Transactions or any other Acquisition, net of any reasonable and documented legal and accounting expenses and taxes paid in cash by the Loan Parties as a result thereof, (h) foreign, Mexican, United States, state or local tax refunds to the extent not included in the calculation of EBITDA (other than refunds of value-added or similar taxes received in the ordinary course of business), and (i) upon repayment in full of the New Senior Credit Agreement, any excess Net Cash Proceeds resulting from the offering of securities or the execution of transactions for the purpose of refinancing, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, in one or a series of transactions, Debt of any Borrower or Guarantor. 
 Facility means the real property identified on Schedule 1.01(B) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022) and any New Facility hereafter acquired by Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the land on which each such facility is located, all buildings and other improvements thereon, and all fixtures located thereat or used in connection therewith. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of the Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with the implementation of those sections of the Code and any fiscal and regulatory legislation rules, practices, or other official guidance thereunder. 

Financial Advisor means the financial advisor engaged by the Loan Parties pursuant to the New Senior Credit Facility. 
 First Lien Agent has the meaning ascribed to such to such term in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries for any period, the ratio of (a) all Indebtedness described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) in the definition thereof of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such period that is secured by a Lien on assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of such date which is pari passu with or senior to the Liens securing the Obligations as of such date (other than Indebtedness hereunder) to (b) EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period . provided that, for the purpose of calculating such ratio, the foregoing clause (a) shall exclude (x) the amount of the Failed Payment Fees (as such term is defined in clause (y) of the Fee Letter (as such term is defined under the New Senior Credit Agreement)) actually paid and added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans (as such term is defined under the New Senior Credit Agreement) under the New Senior Credit Agreement (as of the date when paid and added), and (y) the additional fee of 500,000 paid by Intermediate Holdings on March 9, 2023 and added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans (as such term is defined under the New Senior Credit Agreement) under the New Senior Credit Agreement on such date. 
 Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of a Fiscal Year, which period is the three-month period ending on the last day of each of March, June, September, and December of each year. 
 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, which period shall be the 12-month period ending on December 31 of each year. 
 Foreign Plan means any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained, sponsored or contributed to, or for which there is an obligation to contribute to, by any Loan Party that is subject to any Requirements of Laws other than, or in addition to, the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the laws of the District of Columbia. 
 Foreign Plan Event means, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (a) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any Requirement of Law, or in excess of the amount that would be permitted absent a waiver from a Governmental Authority, (b) the failure to make any required contribution or payment under any Requirement of Law within the time permitted by any Requirement of Law for such contributions or payments, (c) the 

receipt of a notice from a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Plan, (d) the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary under any law on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein, or (e) the occurrence of any transaction with respect to a Foreign Plan that is prohibited under any Requirement of Law and that could reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or the imposition on any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any material fine, excise tax or penalty with respect to a Foreign Plan resulting from any noncompliance with any Requirement of Law. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Ultimate Holdings that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any successor thereto. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the U.S. accounting profession) and the SEC, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. 
 Governing Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, and the operating agreement or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents) (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture, declaration or other applicable agreement or documentation evidencing or otherwise relating to its formation or organization, governance and capitalization and (d) with respect to any of the entities described above, any other agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation, incorporation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation, incorporation or organization. 
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any foreign, Federal, state, territory, provincial, city, town, municipality, county, local or other political subdivision thereof or thereto and any department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality, agency or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers 

or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantor means Intermediate Holdings and each other Person that guarantees any of the Obligations, including, without limitation, 4th Source, LLC, IT Global Holding LLC, QMX Investment Holdings USA, INC, AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. de C.V. (formerly known as North American Software, S.A.P.I. de C.V.), 4TH Source Holding Corp., Entrepids Technology INC., 4th Source Mexico, LLC, AGS Alpama Global Services USA, LLC., AN USA, and AgileThought, LLC. For the avoidance of doubt, no Excluded Foreign Subsidiary or Immaterial Subsidiary shall be a Guarantor. 
 Guaranty means each guaranty executed and delivered by any Guarantor, together with any joinders thereto and any other guaranty agreement executed by a Guarantor, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion. The Guaranty and Collateral Agreement and the Mexican Collateral Agreements are a Guaranty. 
 Guaranty and Collateral Agreement means the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement to be entered into by each Loan Party and the Collateral Agent, together with any joinders thereto and any other guaranty and collateral agreement executed by a Loan Party, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion. 
 Hazardous Material means any element, material, substance, waste, compound or chemical that is defined, listed or otherwise classified as a contaminant, pollutant, toxic or hazardous substance, hazardous waste, universal waste, special waste, or solid waste or is otherwise characterized by words of similar import under any Environmental Law or that is regulated under, or for which liability or standards of care are imposed, pursuant to any Environmental Law, including, without limitation, petroleum, polychlorinated biphenyls asbestos-containing materials, lead or lead-containing materials, urea formaldehyde-containing materials, radioactive materials, radon, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and mold. 
 Hazardous Substances means any hazardous waste, hazardous substance, pollutant, contaminant, toxic substance, oil, hazardous material, chemical or other substance regulated by any Environmental Law. 
 Hedging Agreement means any interest rate, foreign currency, commodity or equity swap, collar, cap, floor or forward rate agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or currency, commodity or equity values (including, without limitation, any option with respect to any of the foregoing and any combination of the foregoing agreements or arrangements), and any confirmation executed in connection with any such agreement or arrangement. 

Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any Person, any liabilities of such Person under any Hedging Agreement determined (a) for any date on or after the date that Hedging Agreement has been closed out and termination value determined in accordance therewith, using that termination value and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a) , using the amount determined as the mark-to-market value for that Hedging Agreement, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in that Hedging Agreement (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Holding Companies means Ultimate Holdings and Intermediate Holdings. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that, as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of Ultimate Holdings, when taken together with all other Immaterial Subsidiaries, have not, in the aggregate, contributed greater than 3 of the EBITDA of Ultimate Holdings for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended or greater than 3 of the total assets of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as shown on the most recent balance sheet of Ultimate Holdings delivered pursuant to Section 10.1(a)(ii) or (iii) provided that, if at any time the aggregate amount of that portion of EBITDA of all Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties exceeds 3 of EBITDA of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries or greater than 3 of the total assets of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any such period, Intermediate Holdings shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries as Loan Parties to cause that portion of EBITDA of Ultimate Holdings generated by Immaterial Subsidiaries to equal or be less than 3 of EBITDA and the portion of total assets of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries to equal or be less than 3 , and Ultimate Holdings shall cause all such Subsidiaries so designated to become a Guarantor and deliver all applicable Loan Documents in accordance with Section 10.1(b)(i). 
 Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables or other accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business and not outstanding for more than 90 days after the date such payable was created and any earn-out, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation until such obligation appears in the liabilities section of the balance sheet of such Person) (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments or upon which interest payments are customarily made (d) all reimbursement, payment or other obligations and liabilities of such Person created or arising under any conditional sales or other title retention agreement with respect to property used and or acquired by such Person, even though the rights and remedies of the lessor, seller and or lender thereunder may be limited to repossession or sale of such property (e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person (f) all obligations and liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of such 

Person, in respect of letters of credit, acceptances and similar facilities (g) all obligations and liabilities, calculated on a basis satisfactory to the Required Lenders and in accordance with accepted practice, of such Person under Hedging Agreements (h) all monetary obligations under any receivables factoring, receivable sales or similar transactions and all monetary obligations under any synthetic lease, tax ownership operating lease, off-balance sheet financing or similar financing (i) all Contingent Obligations (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests and (k) all obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (j) of this definition of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien upon property owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership of or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer. 
 Indemnified Taxes means all Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any payment that results from the exercise of the conversion rights under Article XVIII made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 Insolvency Proceeding means any case or proceeding commenced by or against a Person under any state, federal or foreign law for, or any agreement of a Person to, (a) the entry of an order for relief under the Bankruptcy Code, or any other insolvency, concurso mercantil , quiebra , debtor relief, or debt adjustment law (including, but not limited to, the Mexican Bankruptcy Law Ley de Concursos Mercantiles )), (b) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator, administrator, conservator or other custodian for that Person or any part of its property, or (c) an assignment or trust mortgage for the benefit of creditors. 
 Intellectual Property has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement. 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement is used as defined in the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement. 
 Interest Payment Date means, as to any Loan, (i) the 15th day of each March, June, September and December to occur while such Loan is outstanding (or if any such day is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day) and (ii) the Maturity Date. 
 Intermediate Holdings has the meaning ascribed to such to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Inventory means, with respect to any Person, all goods and merchandise of such Person leased or held for sale or lease by such Person, including, without limitation, all raw 

materials, work-in-process and finished goods, and all packaging, supplies and materials of every nature used or usable in connection with the shipping, storing, advertising or sale of such goods and merchandise, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and all such other property the sale or other disposition of which would give rise to an Account or cash. 
 Investor Debt Noteholder shall mean AGS Group, LLC. 
 Investor Debt Promissory Note shall mean that certain Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of and as in effect on June 24, 2021, by and between Ultimate Holdings and the Investor Debt Noteholder, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time solely with the consent of the Lenders, in their discretion. 
 Investment means, with respect to any Person, (a) any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees, advances or other extensions of credit (excluding Accounts arising in the ordinary course of business), capital contributions or acquisitions of Indebtedness (including, any bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities), Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line of such other Person), (b) the purchase or ownership of any futures contract or liability for the purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract, or (c) any investment in any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 IRR means a compounded, cumulative internal rate of return, compounded monthly calculated at the designated annual discount rate, which, when applied to any amount, and discounted, produces a net present value of such amount equal to zero. 
 IRS means the Internal Revenue Service. 
 Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders, duly executed by a Subsidiary of a Loan Party made a party hereto pursuant to Section 10.1(b). 
 Lease means any lease, sublease or license of, or other agreement granting a possessory interest in, real property to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as lessor, lessee, sublessor, sublessee, licensor or licensee. 
 Lender means the Tranche A-1 Lender, the Tranche A-2 Lender, the Tranche B-1 Lender, the Tranche B-2 Lender, the Tranche C Lender, Tranche D Lender and or the Tranche E Lender, as the context may require. 

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, pledge, lien (statutory or otherwise), security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security or preferential arrangement of any nature, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, any Capitalized Lease and any collateral assignment, deposit arrangement or financing lease intended as, or having the effect of, security. 
 Liquidity means Availability plus Qualified Cash. 
 Loan means a Tranche A-1 Loan, a Tranche A-2 Loan, a Tranche B-1 Loan, a Tranche B-2 Lender, a Tranche C Loan, a Tranche D Loan and or a Tranche E Loan, as the context may require. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Agents Fee Letter, each Perfection Certificate, the Collateral Documents, the Reference Subordination Agreement, any Subordination Agreements (including the Master Intercompany Note), and that certain side letter dated as of November 18, 2022, from Ultimate Holdings to Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., integrante del Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the trust No. F 17938-6 (Credit Suisse) and Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., integrante del Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the trust No. F 17937-8 (Credit Suisse), and all documents, instruments, and agreements delivered in connection with the foregoing, as any of the foregoing are amended or modified in accordance with their respective terms. 
 Loan Party means, collectively (a) Intermediate Holdings, (b) the Borrowers, (c) each Subsidiary of Ultimate Holdings or any Borrower that is not an Excluded Foreign Subsidiary or an Immaterial Subsidiary, and (d) each other Person (including without limitation each Guarantor) that (i) executes a joinder agreement to this Agreement as a Loan Party in the form of Exhibit B , (ii) is liable for payment of any of the Obligations, or (iii) has granted a Lien in favor of Collateral Agent or the Lenders on its assets to secure any of the Obligations. 
 Master Intercompany Note means a demand promissory note made by and among the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, substantially in the form of Exhibit C , and acceptable to the Required Lenders, in their reasonable discretion. 
 Material Adverse Effect means any event, development, state of facts, change, circumstance, occurrence, condition or effect that, either individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on any of (a) the operations, assets, liabilities, financial condition or prospects of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties to perform any of their obligations under any Loan Document, (c) the legality, validity or enforceability of this 

Agreement or any other Loan Document, (d) the rights and remedies of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or (e) the validity, perfection or priority of a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on Collateral having a fair market value in excess of US 300,000. 
 Material Contract means, with respect to any Person, (a) each contract listed on Schedule 6.01(v) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022), (b) each contract or agreement to which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries is a party involving aggregate consideration payable to or by such Person or such Subsidiary of 300,000 or more in any Fiscal Year (other than purchase orders in the ordinary course of the business of such Person or such Subsidiary and other than contracts that by their terms may be terminated by such Person or Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business upon less than 60 days notice without penalty or premium), and (c) each other contract or agreement as to which the breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Maturity Date means, the Tranche A-1 Maturity Date, the Tranche A-2 Maturity Date, the Tranche B-1 Maturity Date, the Tranche B-2 Maturity Date, the Tranche C Maturity Date, the Tranche D Maturity Date and or the Tranche E Maturity Date, as the context may require. 
 Mexican Administration Trust means that certain Administration and Source of Payment Trust Agreement with identification number No. F 3272 Contrato de Fideicomiso Irrevocable de Administraci n y Fuente de Pago No. F 3272 ), dated November 9, 2017, including its exhibits, as amended and restated on the Closing Date, and as further amended from time to time. 
 Mexican Administration Trust Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement means the amendment, acknowledgement and reaffirmation agreement to the Mexican Administration Trust to be entered by and among (i) AgileThought Inc., AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A P.I. de C.V. (formerly known as North American Software, S.A.P.I. de C.V.), AGS Alpama Global Services M xico, S.A. de C.V., AgileThought M xico, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as AN-Digital, S.A. de C.V.), AN UX, S.A. de C.V., Anzen Soluciones, S.A. de C.V., AN Data Intelligence, S.A. de C.V., Faktos Inc., S.A.P.I. de C.V., Facultas Analytics, S.A.P.I. de C.V., AgileThought Servicios Administrativos, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as Nasoft Servicios Administrativos, S.A de C.V.), AgileThought Servicios M xico, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as AGS Nasoft Servicios Administrativos, S.A. de C.V.), Entrepids Mexico, S.A. de C.V., as settlors and third place beneficiaries, (ii) Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC. as first place beneficiary, (iii) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Grupo Financiero Citibanamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of irrevocable trust number 

F 17937-8, Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Grupo Financiero Citibanamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of irrevocable trust number F 173183, Nexxus Capital Private Equity Fund VI, L.P., Manuel Senderos Fern ndez and Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez, as second place beneficiaries, and (iv) Banco Invex, S.A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Invex Grupo Financiero, as trustee. 
 Mexican Collateral Agreements means, collectively, the Mexican Administration Trust and the Mexican Security Trust. 
 Mexican Collateral Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreements means, collectively, the Mexican Administration Trust Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement and the Mexican Security Trust Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement. 
 Mexican Loan Documents means the Mexican Collateral Agreements, the Mexican Collateral Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreements and all documents, instruments, and agreements delivered in connection with the foregoing, as any of the foregoing are amended or modified in accordance with their respective terms. 
 Mexican Loan Party means AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 Mexican Security Trust means certain Security Trust Agreement with identification number No. F 3757 Contrato de Fideicomiso Irrevocable de Garant a No. F-3757 ), dated November 15, 2018, including its exhibits, as amended from time to time. Into this trust the settlors contribute all the shares and equity interests of Mexican Subsidiaries (except for one share or equity interest in each Mexican Subsidiary), and all the intellectual property duly registered, or in the process of registration, in their name before the Mexican Institute of Property. 
 Mexican Security Trust Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreement means the acknowledgement and reaffirmation agreement to the Mexican Security Trust to be entered by and among (i) AgileThought Inc., AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A P.I. de C.V. (formerly known as North American Software, S.A.P.I. de C.V.), AGS Alpama Global Services M xico, S.A. de C.V., AgileThought M xico, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as AN-Digital, S.A. de C.V.), AN UX, S.A. de C.V., Anzen Soluciones, S.A. de C.V., AN Data Intelligence, S.A. de C.V., Faktos Inc., S.A.P.I. de C.V., Facultas Analytics, S.A.P.I. de C.V., AgileThought Servicios Administrativos, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as Nasoft Servicios Administrativos, S.A de C.V.), AgileThought Servicios M xico, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as AGS Nasoft Servicios Administrativos, S.A. de C.V.), Entrepids M xico S.A. de C.V., Cuarto Origen, S. de R.L. de C.V., AN Evolution, S. de R.L. de C.V., Invertis, S.A. de C.V., QMX Investment Holding USA, Inc., IT Global Holding LLC, AgileThought Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (formerly known as AN- 

Digital, S.A. de C.V.), Entrepids Technology Inc., 4th Source, LLC, as settlors and third place beneficiaries, (ii) Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC., as first place beneficiary, (iii) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Grupo Financiero Citibanamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of irrevocable trust number F 17937-8, Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Grupo Financiero Citibanamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of irrevocable trust number F 173183, Nexxus Capital Private Equity Fund VI, L.P., Banco Invex, S.A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Invex Grupo Financiero, Manuel Senderos Fern ndez and Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez as second place beneficiaries, and (iv) Banco Invex, S.A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Invex Grupo Financiero, as trustee. 
 Mexican Subsidiaries means, collectively, the Subsidiaries incorporated under the laws of Mexico. 
 Mexico means the United Mexican States. 
 Mortgage means a mortgage, deed of trust or similar instrument granting Collateral Agent or the Lenders a Lien on fee owned real property of any Loan Party. 
 Mortgage-Related Documents means with respect to any real property subject to a Mortgage, the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion (a) an ALTA Loan Title Insurance Policy (or binder therefor) covering Collateral Agent or the Lenders , as applicable, interest under the Mortgage, in a form and amount and by an insurer acceptable to the Required Lenders, which must be fully paid on that effective date (b) copies of all documents of record concerning such real property as shown on the commitment for the ALTA Loan Title Insurance Policy referred to above (c) all assignments of leases, estoppel letters, attornment agreements, consents, waivers, and releases as the Required Lenders reasonably require with respect to other Persons having an interest in the real estate (d) a current, as-built survey of the real estate, containing a metes-and-bounds property description and certified by a licensed surveyor acceptable to the Required Lenders, in their discretion (e) a life-of-loan flood hazard determination and, if the real estate is located in a flood plain, an acknowledged notice to borrower and flood insurance in an amount, with endorsements and by an insurer acceptable to the Required Lenders (f) a current appraisal of the real estate, prepared by an appraiser acceptable to the Required Lenders, and in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion (g) an environmental assessment, prepared by environmental engineers acceptable to the Required Lenders and accompanied by all reports, certificates, studies, or data as the Required Lenders reasonably require (including, without limitation, Phase II reports), which must all be in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion and (h) an environmental agreement and all other documents, instruments, or agreements as the Required Lenders in their discretion require with 

respect to any environmental risks regarding the real estate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders, in their discretion. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has contributed, or has been obligated to contribute, to at any time during the preceding six calendar years. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means 
 (a) with respect to any Disposition, the aggregate cash proceeds (including cash proceeds received pursuant to policies of insurance or by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note, installment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received) received by any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof pursuant to such Disposition net of (i) the direct costs relating to that sale, transfer or other disposition (including sales commissions and legal, accounting and investment banking fees), (ii) taxes paid or reasonably estimated by Borrowers to be payable as a result thereof (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), and (iii) amounts required to be applied to the repayment of any Debt secured by a Lien on the asset subject to that Disposition (other than the Loans). 
 (b) with respect to any issuance of Equity Interests, the aggregate cash proceeds received by any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof pursuant to such issuance, net of the direct costs of non-Affiliates relating to such issuance (including sales and underwriters commissions) and 
 with respect to any issuance of Debt, the aggregate cash proceeds received by any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof pursuant to such issuance, net of the direct costs of non-Affiliates of such issuance (including up-front, underwriters and placement fees). 
 New Senior Credit Agreement means the financing agreement dated as of May 27, 2022, among AgileThought, Inc., as Holdings (as defined therein), AN Global LLC, as borrower, each of the guarantors party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Blue Torch Finance LLC, as collateral agent and administrative agent for the lenders party thereto, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 New Senior Credit Agreement Final Maturity Date means May 27, 2026. If such date is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day. 

Note or Notes means a Tranche A-1 Note, a Tranche A-2 Note, a Tranche B-1 Note, a Tranche B-2 Note, a Tranche C Note, a Tranche D Note and or a Tranche E Note, as the context may require. 
 Obligations means all obligations (monetary (including post-petition interest, default-rate interest, fees, and expenses, allowed or not in an Insolvency Proceeding) or otherwise) of any Loan Party under this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including attorney costs and reimbursement obligations, all in each case howsoever created, arising or evidenced, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, now or hereafter existing, or due or to become due. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations. 
 OFAC means the U.S. economic sanctions laws, Executive Orders and implementing regulations as promulgated by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Operational Advisor means the operational advisor engaged by the Loan Parties pursuant to the New Senior Credit Facility. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Person, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between that Person and the jurisdiction imposing any such Tax (other than connections arising from that Person having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced any Loan Document or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Payment Conditions means, with respect to any Permitted Investor Debt Payment or Permitted Earn-out Payment, that (a) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would be caused by the making thereof, and (b) after giving pro forma effect to that payment, (i) Liquidity exceeds US 5,000,000 and (ii) as of the last day of the most recently ended Computation Period for which financial statements have been delivered (or were required to be delivered) to Administrative Agent under and in accordance with Section 10.1(a) , the Consolidated Group shall be in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 10.3 for the most recently concluded Computation Period. 
 Payment in Full means either (i), (a) the payment in full in cash of all Loans and other Obligations, other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claims have been asserted, (b) the termination of all Commitments, (c) the Cash Collateralization of all contingent indemnification obligations for which any claim with respect to Administrative Agent or any Lender has been asserted or threatened in writing, and (d) the release of any claims of the 

Loan Parties against Agents and Lenders arising on or before the payment date, or (ii) the conversion by each Lender of all of the Outstanding Obligations (as defined in Article XVIII owed to such Lender pursuant to Article XVIII . Paid in Full shall have a correlative meaning. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 
 Pension Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA that is subject to Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA maintained, sponsored or contributed to, or for which there is an obligation to contribute to, by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates at any time during the preceding six calendar years. 
 Perfection Certificate means a perfection and know your customer certificate executed and delivered to Administrative Agent by a Loan Party on or prior to the Closing Date. 
 Permits means, with respect to any Person, any permit, approval, clearance, consent, authorization, license, registration, accreditation, certificate, certification, certificate of need, concession, grant, franchise, variance or permission from, and any other contractual obligations with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or products or to which such Person or any of its property or products is subject. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by a Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Party) to the extent that each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied 
 (c) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition 
 (d) reserved 
 (e) Intermediate Holdings shall have furnished to the Lender at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition (i) an executed term sheet and or commitment letter (setting forth in reasonable detail the terms and conditions of such Acquisition) and, at the request of any Agent, such other information and documents that any Lender may request, including, without limitation, executed counterparts of the respective agreements, instruments or other documents pursuant to which such Acquisition is to be consummated (including, without limitation, any related management, non-compete, employment, option or other material agreements), any schedules to such agreements, instruments or other documents and all other material ancillary agreements, instruments or other documents to be executed or delivered in 

connection therewith, (ii) pro forma financial statements of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries after the consummation of such Acquisition, (iii) a certificate of the chief financial officer of Ultimate Holdings, demonstrating on a pro forma basis compliance, as at the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internally prepared financial statements are available, with all covenants set forth in Section 10.3 hereof after the consummation of such Acquisition, and (iv) copies of such other agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent at the request of the Required Lenders shall reasonably request 
 (f) the agreements, instruments and other documents referred to in paragraph (c) above shall provide that (i) neither the Loan Parties nor any of their Subsidiaries shall, in connection with such Acquisition, assume or remain liable in respect of any Indebtedness of the Seller or Sellers, or other obligation of the Seller or Sellers (except for Permitted Indebtedness), and (ii) all property to be so acquired in connection with such Acquisition shall be free and clear of any and all Liens, except for Permitted Liens (and if any such property is subject to any Lien not permitted by this clause (ii) then concurrently with such Acquisition such Lien shall be released) 
 (g) such Acquisition shall be effected in such a manner so that the acquired assets or Equity Interests are owned either by a Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Party) or a wholly owned Domestic Subsidiary of a Loan Party and, if effected by merger or consolidation involving a Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Party), such Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person 
 (h) the Loan Parties shall have Liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than U.S. 8,000,000 immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the proposed Acquisition 
 (i) the assets being acquired or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired did not have negative EBITDA during the 12 consecutive month period most recently concluded prior to the date of the proposed Acquisition 
 (j) the assets being acquired, or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired, are useful in or engaged in, as applicable, the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries or a business reasonably related thereto 
 (k) the assets being acquired are located within the United States or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located within the United States 

(l) such Acquisition shall be consensual and shall have been approved by the board of directors of the Person whose Equity Interests or assets are proposed to be acquired and shall not have been preceded by an unsolicited tender offer for such Equity Interests by, or proxy contest initiated by, Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or an Affiliate thereof 
 (m) any such Domestic Subsidiary (and its equity holders) shall execute and deliver the agreements, instruments and other documents required by Section 10.1(b) on or prior to the date of the consummation of such Acquisition and 
 (n) the Purchase Price payable in respect of any single Acquisition or series of related Acquisitions shall not exceed an amount equal to 15 of Revenue of Intermediate Holdings for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended prior to the date of such Acquisition. 
 Permitted Cure Equity means Qualified Equity Interests of Ultimate Holdings. 
 Permitted Disposition means 
 (o) sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 (p) licensing, on a non-exclusive basis, Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business 
 (q) leasing or subleasing assets in the ordinary course of business 
 (r) (i) the lapse of Registered Intellectual Property of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries to the extent not economically desirable in the conduct of their business or (ii) the abandonment of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), (A) with respect to copyrights, such copyrights are not material revenue generating copyrights, and (B) such lapse is not materially adverse to the interests of the Secured Parties 
 (s) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property 
 (t) any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property 
 (u) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, transfers of assets (i) from Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to a Loan Party (other than Ultimate Holdings or the Mexican Loan Party), and (ii) from 

any Subsidiary of Ultimate Holdings that is not a Loan Party (or is the Mexican Loan Party) to any other Subsidiary of Ultimate Holdings 
 (v) Permitted Factoring Dispositions 
 (w) Disposition of obsolete or worn-out equipment in the ordinary course of business, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, for all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, 300,000 in any Fiscal Year and 
 (x) Disposition of property or assets not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through (i) above for cash in the ordinary course of business for not less than the fair market value of such property or assets, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, for all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, US 600,000 in any Fiscal Year. 
 Permitted Earn-out Obligations means, collectively, (a) all Permitted Existing Earn-Out Obligations and (b) all Permitted Future Earn-out Obligations, in each case determined assuming the maximum amount payable in connection with any such Earn-out Obligations. 
 Permitted Earn-out Payments means (a) the payment of all Permitted Existing Earn-Out Obligations that are payable solely in Equity Interests, as and when due and payable under the Acquisition documents related thereto, (b) the payment of all Permitted Existing Earn-Out Obligations that are payable solely in cash or Cash Equivalents, as and when due and payable under the Acquisition documents related thereto, but in the case of this clause (b) solely as long as the Payment Conditions are met with respect thereto, and (c) the payment of all Permitted Future Earn-out Obligations, as and when due and payable under the Acquisition documents related thereto, to the extent such payment is permitted under the Subordination Agreement entered into with respect thereto. 
 Permitted Existing Earn-Out Obligations means, collectively, the aggregate outstanding amount of all Earn-out Obligations incurred prior to the Closing Date set forth on Schedule 11.1(e) , whether payable in Equity Interests or cash or Cash Equivalents. 
 Permitted Factoring Dispositions means any Disposition of Accounts via a factoring, reverse factoring or confirming arrangement to any Person that is not an Affiliate of any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, so long as the aggregate face value of all such Accounts that have been so factored, reversed factored or confirmed and not been paid by the account debtor thereof shall not exceed US 1,800,000 at any one time outstanding. 
 Permitted Future Earn-Out Obligations means, collectively, the aggregate outstanding amount of all Earn-out Obligations incurred after May 27, 2022 (other than, for 

avoidance of doubt, the Existing Earn-Out Obligations), whether payable in Equity Interests or cash or Cash Equivalents, so long as (a) such Earn-out Obligations are incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, and (b) the aggregate outstanding amount of all such Earn-out Obligations payable in cash does not exceed US 12,000,000 and the holders of such Earn-out Obligations have agreed to subordinate their claims with respect thereto to the prior payment of the Obligations pursuant to a subordination agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders. 
 Permitted Holders means (i) Macfran S.A. de C.V., (ii) Invertis, SA de CV, (iii) Diego Zavala (iv) Mauricio Rioseco, (v) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the trust No. F 17938-6 (Credit Suisse), (vi) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the trust No. F 17937-8 (Credit Suisse), (vii) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the irrevocable trust for the issuance of senior bonds No. F 173183 (Nexxus), (viii) Nexxus Capital Private Equity Fund, VI, LP, (ix) Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez Elizondo, (x) Rodrigo Franco Hern ndez, (xi) MZM Estrategia, S.A.P.I. de C.V., (xii) Isabelle Richard, (xiii) Georgina Rojas Aboumrad, (xiv) Alejandro Rojas Domene, (xv) Miguel Angel Ambrosi Herrera, (xvi) Banco Invex, S.A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Invex Grupo Financiero acting as trustee pursuant to the Contrato de Fideicomiso Irrevocable de Emisi n de Cert. Burs tiles Fid. de Desarrollo N.F2416 (LIV Mexico Growth IV N.F2416) and (xvii) LIV Mexico Growth Fund IV, L.P. 
 Permitted Indebtedness means 
 (y) any Indebtedness owing to any Agent or any Lender under the New Senior Credit Agreement and the other loan documents thereunder 
 (z) any other Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.02(b) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022), and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness 
 (aa) Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness 
 (bb) Permitted Intercompany Investments 
 (cc) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, surety, statutory, and appeal bonds 

(dd) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing, or providing financing for, property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to the Loan Parties, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the period in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such period 
 (ee) the incurrence by any Loan Party of Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements that are incurred for the bona fide purpose of hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Party s operations and not for speculative purposes 
 (ff) Indebtedness incurred in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including so-called procurement cards or P-cards or other similar cash management services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (gg) contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions 
 (hh) Indebtedness of a Person whose assets or Equity Interests are acquired by Holdings or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition in an aggregate amount not to exceed US 300,000 at any one time outstanding provided that such Indebtedness (i) is either Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness or a Capitalized Lease with respect to equipment or mortgage financing with respect to a Facility, (ii) was in existence prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition, and (iii) was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition 
 (ii) unsecured Indebtedness of Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries that is incurred on the date of the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition solely for the purpose of consummating such Permitted Acquisition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) such unsecured Indebtedness is not incurred for working capital purposes, (iii) such unsecured Indebtedness does not mature prior to the date that is 12 months after the New Senior Credit Agreement Final Maturity Date, (iv) such unsecured Indebtedness does not amortize until 12 months after the New Senior Credit Agreement Final Maturity Date, (v) such unsecured Indebtedness does not provide for the payment of interest thereon in cash or Cash Equivalents prior to the date that is 12 months after the New Senior Credit Agreement Final Maturity Date, and (vi) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of 

payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders 
 (jj) the Existing Earn-Out Obligations 
 (kk) Permitted Future Earn-Out Obligations 
 (ll) Subordinated Indebtedness 
 (mm) Indebtedness arising from Permitting Factoring Dispositions 
 (nn) the AGS Indebtedness provided that such Indebtedness is subject to, and permitted by, the AGS Subordination Agreement 
 (oo) the Exitus Indebtedness provided that such Indebtedness is subject to, and permitted by, the Exitus Subordination Agreement (as defined in the New Senior Credit Agreement) 
 (pp) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, the Unpaid Taxes 
 (qq) PPP Indebtedness, in an aggregate amount not to exceed US 312,041 
 (rr) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit issued by third-party financial institutions, so long as the maximum aggregate face amount of such letters of credit shall not exceed US 2,400,000 at any time and 
 (ss) other unsecured Indebtedness owed to any Person that is not an Affiliate of Intermediate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed US 4,800,000 at any time. 
 Permitted Intercompany Investments means Investments made by (a) a Loan Party to or in another Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Party), (b) a Loan Party to or in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or to the Mexican Loan Party) so long as either (i) such Investment is made in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) the aggregate amount of all Investments made pursuant to this clause (b)(ii) does not exceed 600,000 at any one time outstanding, (c) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or that is the Mexican Loan Party) to or in another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or to the Mexican Loan Party), and (d) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or the Mexican Loan Party) to or in a Loan Party (including the Investments listed on Schedule 1.01(C) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022)), so long as, in the case of a loan or advance, the parties thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement (as defined in the New Senior Credit Agreement). 

Permitted Investments means 
 (a) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (b) Investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business 
 (d) Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an Account Debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries 
 (e) Investments existing on the date hereof, as set forth on Schedule 7.02(e) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022) hereto, but not any increase in the amount thereof as set forth in such Schedule or any other modification of the terms thereof 
 (f) Permitted Intercompany Investments and 
 (g) Permitted Acquisitions. 
 Permitted Investor Debt shall mean all indebtedness incurred under the Investor Debt Promissory Note, in a maximum aggregate amount not to exceed US 8,000,000 (or the Peso Equivalent thereof) at any time. 
 Permitted Investor Debt Payments shall mean, solely as long as the Payment Conditions are met with respect thereto, the payment to the Investor Debt Noteholder of (a) regularly scheduled interest payments, as and when due and payable under the Investor Debt Promissory Note, and (b) solely on or after January 1, 2022, regularly scheduled payments of principal of the Permitted Investor Debt (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any prepayments), as and when due and payable under the Investor Debt Promissory Note. 
 Permitted Liens means 
 (tt) Liens securing the Obligations 
 (uu) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges the payment of which is not required under Section 10.1(c)(ii) 

(vv) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted, and a reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made therefor 
 (ww) Liens described on Schedule 7.02(a) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022) provided that any such Lien shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on May 27, 2022, and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (xx) purchase money Liens on equipment acquired or held by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its business to secure Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness so long as such Lien only (i) attaches to such property and (ii) secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire such property or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (yy) deposits and pledges of cash securing (i) obligations incurred in respect of workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits, (ii) the performance of bids, tenders, leases, contracts (other than for the payment of money) and statutory obligations or (iii) obligations on surety or appeal bonds, but only to the extent such deposits or pledges are made or otherwise arise in the ordinary course of business and secure obligations not past due 
 (zz) with respect to any Facility, easements, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not (i) secure obligations for the payment of money or (ii) materially impair the value of such property or its use by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the normal conduct of such Person s business 
 (aaa) Liens of landlords and mortgagees of landlords (i) arising by statute or under any Lease or related Contractual Obligation entered into in the ordinary course of business, (ii) on fixtures and movable tangible property located on the real property leased or subleased from such landlord, or (iii) for amounts not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP 
 (bbb) the title and interest of a lessor or sublessor in and to personal property leased or subleased (other than through a Capitalized Lease), in each case extending only to such personal property 

(ccc) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business 
 (ddd) judgment liens (other than for the payment of taxes, assessments or other governmental charges) securing judgments and other proceedings not constituting an Event of Default under Section 13.1(j) 
 (eee) rights of set-off or bankers liens upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such deposit accounts in the ordinary course of business 
 (fff) Liens granted in the ordinary course of business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (ggg) Liens assumed by Holdings or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition that secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness and 
 (hhh) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by any Loan Party in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to a Permitted Acquisition 
 (iii) Liens on cash collateral securing Indebtedness and obligations relating thereto that is permitted, and not securing any obligations in excess of the amount that is permitted, under clause (u) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (jjj) Liens securing this Agreement, to the extent subject to the Reference Subordination Agreement and 
 (kkk) other Liens granted to any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in the ordinary course of business, so long as such Liens secure obligations in an aggregate outstanding amount that does not exceed 120,000 at any time 
 provided that in no event shall any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party grant a Lien on (x) any property of any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is organized under the law of Mexico, or (y) any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is organized under the law of Mexico unless, in each such case, such Lien secures the Obligations (subject to the provisions of the Reference Subordination Agreement) and obligations under the New Senior Credit Agreement. 

Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations) incurred to finance the acquisition of any fixed assets secured by a Lien permitted under clause (e) of the definition of Permitted Liens provided that 
 (a) such Indebtedness is incurred within 30 days after such acquisition, 
 (b) such Indebtedness when incurred shall not exceed the purchase price of the asset financed and 
 (c) the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed US 900,000 at any time outstanding. 
 Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means the extension of maturity, refinancing or modification of the terms of Indebtedness so long as 
 (lll) after giving effect to such extension, refinancing or modification, the amount of such Indebtedness is not greater than the amount of Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to such extension, refinancing or modification (other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto) 
 (mmm) such extension, refinancing or modification does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity (measured as of the extension, refinancing or modification) of the Indebtedness so extended, refinanced or modified 
 (nnn) such extension, refinancing or modification is pursuant to terms that are not less favorable to the Loan Parties and the Lenders than the terms of the Indebtedness (including, without limitation, terms relating to the collateral (if any) and subordination (if any)) being extended, refinanced or modified and 
 (ooo) the Indebtedness that is extended, refinanced or modified is not recourse to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is liable on account of the obligations other than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended . 
 (ppp) such extension, refinancing or modification shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the assets that secured such Indebtedness being extended, refinanced or modified or, if applicable, shall be unsecured and 

(qqq) such extension, refinancing or modification shall not (if secured) have a Lien priority greater than such Indebtedness being extended, refinanced or modified. 
 Permitted Restricted Payments means any of the following Restricted Payments made by 
 ppp rrr any Loan Party to Ultimate Holdings in amounts necessary to pay taxes and other customary expenses as and when due and owing by Ultimate Holdings in the ordinary course of its business as a public holding company (including salaries and related reasonable and customary expenses incurred by employees of Ultimate Holdings), so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the making of such payment, 
 qqq sss any Loan Party to any other Loan Party (other than Ultimate Holdings and the Mexican Loan Party), 
 rrr ttt any Subsidiary of Intermediate Holdings that is not a Loan Party (or that is the Mexican Loan Party) to any other Subsidiary of Intermediate Holdings, 
 sss uuu Ultimate Holdings to pay dividends in the form of common Equity Interests, and 
 ttt vvv payments hereunder constituting Restricted Payments. 
 Permitted Specified Liens means Permitted Liens described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens, and, solely in the case of Section 10.1(b)(i), including clauses (g), (h) and (i) of the definition of Permitted Liens. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association, Governmental Authority, or any other entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity. 
 Pesos or MXN means the lawful currency of Mexico. 
 Peso Dollar Reference Exchange Rate means an exchange rate of MXN21.00 Pesos for each Dollar. 
 Peso Commitments means, as to each Peso Lender, its obligation to make Peso Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.1(b) , in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Peso Lender s name on Annex A or in the Assignment Agreement pursuant to which such Peso Lender becomes a party hereto, 

as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Peso Equivalent means, with respect to any amount in Dollars, the amount, determined by reference to the Conversion Rate as of any date of determination, of Pesos that could be purchased with such amount of Dollars on such date. 
 Peso Lender means at any time, (a) any Lender that has a Peso Commitment at such time and (b) if the Commitments of the Peso Lenders to make Peso Loans have been terminated pursuant to Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 or, if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, any Lender that holds a Peso Loan at such time. 
 Peso Loan means a Tranche A-2 Loan and or a Tranche B-2 Loan, as the context may require. 
 PPP Indebtedness means, collectively, certain Indebtedness pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program of the Small Business Administration (a) between Bank of America, as lender, and AgileThought, LLC, as borrower, in the original aggregate principal amount of US 310,000, (b) between Bank of America, as lender, and AN USA LLC, as borrower, in the original aggregate principal amount of US 42,000 and (c) between Bank of America, as lender, and AGS Alpama Global Services LLC, as borrower, in the original aggregate principal amount of US 8,000. 
 Proceeding or proceeding means any investigation, inquiry, litigation, review, hearing, suit, claim, audit, arbitration, proceeding or action (in each case, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or informal) commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before, or otherwise involving, any Governmental Authority or arbitrator. 
 Project Thunder means the fundamental changes described on Schedule 7.02(c) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022). 
 Projections means financial projections of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries delivered to the Lender, as updated from time to time pursuant to Section 10.1(a)(vi). 
 Pro Rata Share means 
 uuu www with respect to a Lender s obligation to make Loans of any Type and right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, (i) prior to the Commitments being terminated or reduced to zero, the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Commitment to make Loans of such 

Type plus the Dollar Amount of the unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Loans of such Type, by (y) the Dollar Amount of the Aggregate Commitments of all Lenders required to make Loans of such Type plus the Dollar Amount of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans of such Type of all Lenders, and (ii) from and after the time the Commitments to make Loans of such Type have been terminated or reduced to zero, the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Loans of such Type, by (y) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans of such Type of all Lenders and 
 vvv xxx with respect to all other matters as to a particular Lender, (i) prior to the time that the Commitments have been terminated or reduced to zero, the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Commitment (if any), plus the Dollar Amount of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Loans, by (y) the Dollar Amount of the Aggregate Commitments of all Lenders, plus the Dollar Amount of the aggregate unpaid principal amount all Loans of all Lenders, and (ii) if the Commitments have been terminated or reduced to zero, the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Loans, by (y) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans of all Lenders. 
 Purchase Price means, with respect to any Acquisition, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate consideration, whether cash, property or securities (including, without limitation, the fair market value of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries issued in connection with such Acquisition), paid or delivered by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration, including, without limitation, in the form of seller financing, royalty payments, payments allocated towards non-compete covenants, payments to principals for consulting services or other similar payments) in connection with such Acquisition, plus (b) the aggregate amount of liabilities of the acquired business (net of current assets of the acquired business) that would be reflected on a balance sheet (if such were to be prepared) of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries after giving effect to such Acquisition, plus (c) the aggregate amount of all transaction fees, costs and expenses incurred by Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Acquisition. 
 Qualified Cash means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash on-hand of the Loan Parties (other than the Mexican Loan Party) maintained in deposit accounts in the name of a Loan Party in the United States as of such date, which deposit accounts are, subject to Schedule 10.1(r) of the New Senior Credit Agreement, subject to Control Agreements. 

Qualified Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Real Property Deliverables means each of the following agreements, instruments and other documents in respect of each Facility 
 www yyy a mortgage agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders, duly executed by the applicable Loan Party, 
 xxx zzz evidence of the recording of each mortgage agreement in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lender , desirable to perfect the Lien purported to be created thereby or to otherwise protect the rights of the Collateral Agent and the Lenders thereunder 
 yyy aaaa a Title Insurance Policy or bring-down of the existing Title Insurance Policy with respect to each mortgage agreement, dated as of the date such Title Insurance Policy is required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent hereunder 
 zzz bbbb a current ALTA survey and a surveyor s certificate, certified to the Collateral Agent and to the issuer of the Title Insurance Policy with respect thereto by a professional surveyor licensed in the state in which such Facility is located and reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders 
 aaaa cccc in the case of a leasehold interest, a certified copy of the Lease between the landlord and such Person with respect to such real property in which such Person has a leasehold interest 
 bbbb dddd a zoning report issued by a provider reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent or a copy of each letter issued by the applicable Governmental Authority, evidencing each Facility s compliance with all applicable Requirements of Law, together with a copy of all certificates of occupancy issued with respect to each Facility 
 cccc eeee an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Required Lenders , in the state where such Facility is located with respect to the enforceability of the Mortgage to be recorded and such other matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request at the request of the Required Lenders 
 dddd ffff a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment prepared in accordance with the United States Environmental Protection Agency Standards and Practices for All Appropriate Inquiries under Section 101(3)(B) of the Comprehensive Environmental 

Response, Compensation, and Liability Act as referenced in 40 CFR Part 312 and ASTM E-1527-13 Standard Practice for Environmental Assessments Phase I ESA (and if reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent at the request of the Required Lenders based upon the results of such Phase I ESA, a Phase II Environmental Site Assessment), by a nationally recognized environmental consulting firm, reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders and 
 eeee gggg such other agreements, instruments, appraisals and other documents (including guarantees and opinions of counsel) as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require at the request of the Required Lenders. 
 Registered Intellectual Property means Intellectual Property that is issued, registered, renewed or the subject of a pending application. 
 Registration Rights Agreement means a registration rights agreement (as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time), entered into by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders and any other parties thereto, granting registration rights with respect to the Conversion Payment Shares, which specifically states that it is a Registration Rights Agreement for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, seeping, migrating, dumping or disposing of any Hazardous Material (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, containers and other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material) into the indoor or outdoor environment, including, without limitation, the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in any environmental media, including the indoor or outdoor air, soil, surface or ground water, sediments or property. 
 Remedial Action means any action (a) to correct, mitigate, or address any actual, alleged or threatened violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit, or (b) to clean up, remove, remediate, mitigate, abate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, investigate, prevent, minimize or in any other way address any environmental condition or the actual, alleged or threatened presence, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials (including the performance of pre-remedial studies and investigations and post-remedial operation and maintenance activities). 
 Reportable Event means an event described in Section 4043 of ERISA (other than an event not subject to the provision for 30-day notice to the PBGC under the regulations promulgated under such Section). 

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders whose Pro Rata Shares exceed 60 as determined pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Pro Rata Share provided that the Pro Rata Shares held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
 Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and any and all federal, state, provincial, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities), and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Restricted Payment means (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, together with any payment or distribution pursuant to a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, (b) the making of any repurchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (c) the making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition of shares of any class of Equity Interests of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (d) the return of any Equity Interests to any shareholders or other equity holders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or the making of any other distribution of property, assets, shares of Equity Interests, warrants, rights, options, obligations or securities thereto as such or (e) the payment of any management, consulting, monitoring or advisory fees or any other fees or expenses (including the reimbursement thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries) pursuant to any management, consulting, monitoring, advisory or other services agreement to any of the shareholders or other equity holders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, or to any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of any Loan Party. 
 Revenue means, for any period, the aggregate amount received by Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such period for the sale of good and or the provision of services, determined in compliance with Accounting Standards Codification 606 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers) published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, with respect to Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby 

Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred. 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in OFAC s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, OFAC s Sectoral Sanctions Identification List, and any other Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) a Person that resides in, is organized in or located in, or has a place of business in, a country or territory named on any list referred to in clause (a) of this definition or a country or territory that is designated as a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through any such jurisdiction (each of the foregoing in this clause (b), a Sanction Target ), or a Person that owns 50 or more of the Equity Interests of, or is otherwise controlled by, or is acting on behalf of, one or more Sanction Targets, (c) any Person with whom or with which a United States Person is prohibited from dealing under any of the Sanctions, or (d) any Person owned or controlled by any Person or Persons described in clause (a) or (b). 
 Sanctions means Requirements of Law concerning or relating to economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the European Union, or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other Governmental Authority succeeding to any of the principal functions thereof. 
 Secured Party means any Agent and any Lender. 
 Seller means any Person that sells Equity Interests or other property or assets to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party in a Permitted Acquisition. 
 Senior Credit Facility means any extension of credit to IT Global Holding LLC, 4th Source, LLC, AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. and AgileThought, LLC pursuant to the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of July 18, 2019, among IT Global Holding LLC and 4th Source, LLC and AgileThought, LLC, as borrowers, the Holding Companies, the other Loan Parties party thereto and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC as administrative agent, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Senior Officer means, with respect to any Loan Party, any of the president, chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, or the treasurer of that Loan Party. 
 Subordinated Debt means, collectively, any unsecured Debt of Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries which is subject to a Subordination Agreement. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Loan Party the terms of which (including, without limitation, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, defaults and other material terms) are satisfactory to the Required Lenders and which has been expressly subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness of such Loan Party under the New Senior Credit Agreement. 
 Subordination Agreement means (a) the subordination terms and covenants set forth in the Master Intercompany Note, and (b) any other subordination agreement or terms and covenants set forth in documents evidencing Subordinated Debt that are executed by a holder of Subordinated Debt in favor of Administrative Agent and the Lenders from time to time on or after the Closing Date, in the cases of clauses (a) and (b) in form and substance and on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which such Person owns, directly or indirectly, outstanding Equity Interests having more than 50 of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. Unless the context clearly otherwise requires, each reference to Subsidiaries in this Agreement refers to Subsidiaries (including, for avoidance of doubt, Excluded Foreign Subsidiaries and Immaterial Subsidiaries) of the Loan Parties. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to a Loan Party, its obligations under a Hedging Agreement that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Termination Date means the earlier of November 29, 2021, and the date on which the Aggregate Commitments shall have been entirely utilized or terminated in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Total Debt means, on any date of determination, all Debt of the Consolidated Group on such day, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding 

(a) contingent obligations thereof in respect of Contingent Liabilities (except to the extent constituting (i) Contingent Liabilities thereof in respect of Debt of a Person other than any Loan Party, or (ii) Contingent Liabilities thereof in respect of undrawn letters of credit), (b) any Hedging Obligations thereof, (c) Debt of any Borrower to any other Borrower, to the extent subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to the Master Intercompany Note, (d) for avoidance of doubt, Permitted Earn-out Obligations to the extent that the amount thereof is not yet due and payable, and (e) the Obligations. 
 Total Leverage Ratio means, for the Consolidated Group determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP as of the last day of any Computation Period, the ratio of (a) Total Debt (excluding any the Permitted Investor Debt, indebtedness outstanding under the Exitus Debt Promissory Note, Permitted Earn-out Obligations and the Fifth Amendment Fee (as such term is defined in the Senior Credit Facility) and other fees or other compensation payable in respect of the Senior Credit Facility) thereof as of such day, to (b) EBITDA thereof for the Computation Period ending on such day. 
 Tranche A Applicable Rate means, as of any date specified in the table below, a rate per annum equal to the rate set forth opposite such date by reference to Tranche B-1 Loan and Tranche B-2 Loan remaining outstanding, or not being outstanding (as applicable), at such date 
 At any time the Tranche B-1 Loan and Tranche B-2 Loan are not outstanding 
 At any time the Tranche B-1 Loan and Tranche B-2 Loan remain outstanding 
 Date Tranche A Applicable Rate Date Tranche A Applicable Rate From the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2023 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2024 0.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2023 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2024 1.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2024 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2024 1.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2024 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2024 2.00 

From the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2024 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2025 2.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2024 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2025 3.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2025 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2025 and at any time thereafter 
 3.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2025 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2025 and at any time thereafter 
 4.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2025 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2026 4.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in September, 2025 to the day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2026 5.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2026 and any time thereafter 5.00 From the Interest Payment Date falling in March, 2026 and any time thereafter 5.00 
 Tranche A-1 Commitment means, as to any Tranche A-1 Lender, such Lender s commitment to make Tranche A-1 Loans on the Closing Date under this Agreement. The amount of each Tranche A-1 Lender s Tranche A-1 Commitment as of the Closing Date is set forth on Annex A . The aggregate amount of the Tranche A-1 Commitments of all Tranche A-1 Lenders as of the Closing Date is US 3,000,000. 
 Tranche A-1 Lender means (a) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has a Tranche A-1 Commitment at such time and (b) at any time after the Closing Date, any Lender that holds a Tranche A-1 Loan at such time. 
 Tranche A-1 Loan means an extension of credit in Dollars made by a Tranche A-1 Lender to AgileThought Mexico pursuant to this Agreement. 

Tranche A-1 Maturity Date means September 15 July 1 , 2026 2025 provided, however , that if such date is not a Business Day, the Tranche A-1 Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 Tranche A-1 Note means a non-negotiable promissory note pagar no negociable made by AgileThought Mexico, as issuer, and each other Mexican Loan Party, por aval , in favor of a Tranche A-1 Lender evidencing Tranche A-1 Loans made by such Tranche A-1 Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Tranche A-1 Total Repayment Return means with respect to any repayment of the Tranche A-1 Loans (including by way of conversion pursuant to Article XVIII), an IRR for the Tranche A-1 Lenders in respect of the amount being repaid. 
 Tranche A-2 Commitment means, as to any Tranche A-2 Lender, such Lender s commitment to make Tranche A-2 Loans on the Closing Date under this Agreement. The amount of each Tranche A-2 Lender s Tranche A-2 Commitment as of the Closing Date is set forth on Annex A . The aggregate amount of the Tranche A-2 Commitments of all Tranche A-2 Lenders as of the Closing Date is MXN 120,000,000. 
 Tranche A-2 Lender means (a) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has a Tranche A-2 Commitment at such time and (b) at any time after the Closing Date, any Lender that holds a Tranche A-2 Loan at such time. 
 Tranche A-2 Loan means an extension of credit in Pesos made by a Tranche A-2 Lender to AgileThought Mexico pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Tranche A-2 Maturity Date means September 15 July 1 , 2026 2025 provided, however , that if such date is not a Business Day, the Tranche A-2 Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 Tranche A-2 Note means a non-negotiable promissory note pagar no negociable made by AgileThought Mexico, as issuer, and each other Mexican Loan Party, por aval , in favor of a Tranche A-2 Lender evidencing Tranche A-2 Loans made by such Tranche A-2 Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit E . 
 Tranche A-2 Total Repayment Return means with respect to any repayment of the Tranche A-2 Loans (including by way of conversion pursuant to Article XVIII), an IRR for the Tranche A-2 Lenders in respect of the amount being repaid. 
 Tranche B-1 Commitment means, as to any Tranche B-1 Lender, such Lender s commitment to make Tranche B-1 Loans on the Closing Date under this Agreement. The 

amount of each Tranche B-1 Lender s Tranche B-1 Commitment as of the Closing Date is set forth on Annex A . The aggregate amount of the Tranche B-1 Commitments of all Tranche B-1 Lenders as of the Closing Date is the equivalent in Dollars of MXN 71,524,492.12 determined by reference to the Conversion Rate as of the Closing Date, which amount in Dollars will be specified in the Funds Flow Memorandum. 
 Tranche B-1 Lender means (a) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has a Tranche B-1 Commitment at such time and (b) at any time after the Closing Date, any Lender that holds a Tranche B-1 Loan at such time. 
 Tranche B-1 Loan means an extension of credit in Dollars made by a Tranche B-1 Lender to Ultimate Holdings pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Tranche B-1 Maturity Date means June 15, 2023 provided, however , that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Tranche B-1 Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 Tranche B-1 Note means a promissory note made by Ultimate Holdings, as issuer, in favor of a Tranche B-1 Lender evidencing Tranche B-1 Loans made by such Tranche B-1 Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit F . 
 Tranche B-2 Commitment means, as to any Tranche B-2 Lender, such Lender s commitment to make Tranche B-2 Loans on the Closing Date under this Agreement. The amount of each Tranche B-2 Lender s Tranche B-2 Commitment as of the Closing Date is set forth on Annex A . The aggregate amount of the Tranche B-2 Commitments of all Tranche B-2 Lenders as of the Closing Date is MXN 78,446,203. 
 Tranche B-2 Lender means (a) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has a Tranche B-2 Commitment at such time and (b) at any time after the Closing Date, any Lender that holds a Tranche B-2 Loan at such time. 
 Tranche B-2 Loan means an extension of credit in Pesos made by a Tranche B-2 Lender to Ultimate Holdings pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Tranche B-2 Maturity Date means June 15, 2023 provided, however , that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Tranche B-2 Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 Tranche B-2 Note means a promissory note made by Ultimate Holdings, as issuer, in favor of a Tranche B-2 Lender evidencing Tranche B-2 Loans made by such Tranche B-2 Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit G . 

Tranche C Commitment means, as to any Tranche C Lender, such Lender s commitment to make Tranche C Loans on the Closing Date under this Agreement. The amount of each Tranche C Lender s Tranche C Commitment as of the Closing Date is set forth on Annex A . The aggregate amount of the Tranche C Commitments of all Tranche C Lenders as of the Closing Date is US 4,000,000. 
 Tranche C Lender means (a) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has a Tranche C Commitment at such time and (b) at any time after the Closing Date, any Lender that holds a Tranche C Loan at such time. 
 Tranche C Loan means an extension of credit in Dollars made by a Tranche C Lender to Ultimate Holdings pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Tranche C Maturity Date means September 15, 2026 provided, however , that if such date is not a Business Day, the Tranche C Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 Tranche C Note means a promissory note made by Ultimate Holdings, as issuer, in favor of a Tranche C Lender evidencing Tranche C Loans made by such Tranche C Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit H . 
 Tranche D Commitment means, as to any Tranche D Lender, such Lender s commitment to make Tranche D Loans on the Closing Date under this Agreement. The amount of each Tranche D Lender s Tranche D Commitment as of the Closing Date is set forth on Annex A . The aggregate amount of the Tranche D Commitments of all Tranche D Lenders as of the Closing Date is US 500,000.00. 
 Tranche D Lender means (a) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has a Tranche D Commitment at such time and (b) at any time after the Closing Date, any Lender that holds a Tranche D Loan at such time. 
 Tranche D Loan means an extension of credit in Dollars made by a Tranche D Lender to Ultimate Holdings pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Tranche D Maturity Date means September 15, 2026 provided, however , that if such date is not a Business Day, the Tranche D Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 Tranche D Note means a promissory note made by Ultimate Holdings, as issuer, in favor of a Tranche D Lender evidencing Tranche D Loans made by such Tranche D Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit I . 

Tranche E Commitment means, as to any Tranche E Lender, such Lender s commitment to make Tranche E Loans on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date under this Agreement. The amount of each Tranche E Lender s Tranche E Commitment as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date is set forth on Annex A . The aggregate amount of the Tranche E Commitments of all Tranche E Lenders as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date is US 200,000. 
 Tranche E Lender means (a) at any time on or prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, any Lender that has a Tranche E Commitment at such time and (b) at any time after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, any Lender that holds a Tranche E Loan at such time. 
 Tranche E Loan means an extension of credit in Dollars made by a Tranche E Lender to Ultimate Holdings pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Tranche E Maturity Date means September 15, 2026 provided, however , that if such date is not a Business Day, the Tranche E Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 Tranche E Note means a promissory note made by Ultimate Holdings, as issuer, in favor of a Tranche E Lender evidencing Tranche E Loans made by such Tranche E Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit K . 
 Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Tranche A-1 Loan, a Tranche A-2 Loan, a Tranche B-1 Loan, a Tranche B-2 Loan, a Tranche C Loan, a Tranche D Loan or a Tranche E Loan. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests. 
 Ultimate Holdings as defined in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unpaid Taxes means the liabilities listed on Schedule 6.01(j) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022). 
 Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, as to any Person, a Subsidiary all of the Equity Interests of which (except directors qualifying Equity Interests) are at the time directly or indirectly owned by that Person and or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary of that Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to Wholly Owned Subsidiaries in this Agreement 

refers to Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (including, for avoidance of doubt, Excluded Foreign Subsidiaries and Immaterial Subsidiaries) of the Loan Parties. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 13-Week Cash Flow has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.1(a)(xix). 
 Section 1.2 Other Interpretive Provisions. 
 (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 
 (b) Section, Annex, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
 (c) The term in its discretion means in its sole and absolute discretion. The term including is not limiting and means including without limitation. 
 (d) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding, and the word through means to and including. 
 (e) Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) references to agreements (including this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent such amendments, restatements, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by the terms of any Loan Document, and (ii) references to any statute or regulation shall be construed as including all statutory and regulatory provisions amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such statute or regulation. 
 (f) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents may use several different limitations, tests or measurements to regulate the same or similar matters. All such limitations, tests and measurements are cumulative and each shall be performed in accordance with its terms. 
 (g) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are the result of negotiations among and have been reviewed by counsel to the Agents, Loan Parties, the Lenders and the other parties hereto and thereto and are the products of all parties. Accordingly, they 

shall not be construed against the Agents or the Lenders merely because of the Agents or Lenders involvement in their preparation. 
 (h) If any delivery due date specified in Section 10.1 for the delivery of reports, certificates and other information required to be delivered pursuant to Section 10.1 falls on a day which is not a Business Day, then such due date shall be extended to the immediately following Business Day. 
 (i) A Default or Event of Default will be deemed to have occurred and exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which that Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement, and an Event of Default will continue or be continuing until that Event of Default has been waived in writing by the Required Lenders. 
 Section 1.3 Accounting and Other Terms. 
 (a) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each accounting term used in this Agreement has the meaning given it under GAAP applied on a basis consistent with those used in preparing the financial statements and using the same inventory valuation method as used in the financial statements, except for any change required or permitted by GAAP if Borrowers certified public accountants concur in that change, the change is disclosed to Administrative Agent and Required Lenders, and Section 10.3 is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Required Lenders to take into account the effects of the change. All financial statements delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in the English language and Dollars. 
 (b) If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and any of the Borrowers, the Required Lenders shall so request, with notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower Representative on behalf of the Borrowers shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this paragraph or the definition of Capitalized Lease, or Capitalized Lease Obligations in the event of an accounting change requiring all leases to be capitalized, only those leases (assuming for purposes hereof that they were in existence on the Closing Date) that would constitute Capitalized Leases or Capitalized Lease Obligations in accordance with GAAP on December 31, 2018, shall be considered Capitalized Leases or Capitalized Lease Obligations, as applicable, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made in accordance therewith provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, all 

leases entered into after December 31, 2018, shall be capitalized, except to the extent that any such lease is a renewal, extension or replacement of any lease entered into or prior to December 31, 2018. 
 (c) All terms used in this Agreement which are defined in Article 8 or Article 9 of the UCC and which are not otherwise defined in this Agreement have the same meanings in this Agreement as set forth therein, except that terms used in this Agreement which are defined in the UCC as in effect in the State of New York on the date of this Agreement will continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of that statute except as Required Lenders may otherwise determine 
 Section 1.4 Classification of Loans1.4.1 . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a Tranche A-1 Loan ). 
 ARTICLE II COMMITMENTS OF THE LENDERS BORROWING PROCEDURES 
 Section 2.1 Loans. 
 (a) Each Tranche A-1 Lender agrees to make a Tranche A-1 Loan in Dollars to AgileThought Mexico on the Closing Date in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount of the Tranche A-1 Commitments of all Tranche A-1 Lenders. The Tranche A-1 Commitments of the Tranche A-1 Lenders to make Tranche A-1 Loans shall expire concurrently with the making of the Tranche A-1 Loans on the Closing Date. 
 (b) Each Tranche A-2 Lender agrees to make a Tranche A-2 Loan in Pesos to AgileThought Mexico on the Closing Date in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount of the Tranche A-2 Commitments of all Tranche A-2 Lenders. The Tranche A-2 Commitments of the Tranche A-2 Lenders to make Tranche A-2 Loans shall expire concurrently with the making of the Tranche A-2 Loans on the Closing Date. Funds due in pesos will be deposited to an account with the Administrative Agent by 10 00 a.m., New York Time one Business Day prior to the Closing Date. 
 (c) Each Tranche B-1 Lender agrees to make a Tranche B-1 Loan in Dollars to Ultimate Holdings on the Closing Date in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount of the Tranche B-1 Commitments of all Tranche B-1 Lenders. The Tranche B-1 Commitments of the Tranche B-1 Lenders to make Tranche B-1 Loans shall expire concurrently with the making of the Tranche B-1 Loans on the Closing Date. 

(d) Each Tranche B-2 Lender agrees to make a Tranche B-2 Loan in Pesos to Ultimate Holdings on the Closing Date in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount of the Tranche B-2 Commitments of all Tranche B-2 Lenders. The Tranche B-2 Commitments of the Tranche B-2 Lenders to make Tranche B-2 Loans shall expire concurrently with the making of the Tranche B-2 Loans on the Closing Date. Funds due in pesos will be deposited to an account with the Administrative Agent by 10 00 a.m., New York Time one Business Day prior to the Closing Date. 
 (e) Each Tranche C Lender agrees to make a Tranche C Loan in Dollars to Ultimate Holdings on the Closing Date in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount of the Tranche C Commitments of all Tranche C Lenders. The Tranche C Commitments of the Tranche C Lenders to make Tranche C Loans shall expire concurrently with the making of the Tranche C Loans on the Closing Date. 
 (f) Each Tranche D Lender agrees to make a Tranche D Loan in Dollars to Ultimate Holdings on the Closing Date in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount of the Tranche D Commitments of all Tranche D Lenders. The Tranche D Commitments of the Tranche D Lenders to make Tranche D Loans shall expire concurrently with the making of the Tranche D Loans on the Closing Date. 
 (g) Each Tranche E Lender agrees to make a Tranche E Loan in Dollars to Ultimate Holdings on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount of the Tranche E Commitments of all Tranche E Lenders. The Tranche E Commitments of the Tranche E Lenders to make Tranche E Loans shall expire concurrently with the making of the Tranche E Loans on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 
 (h) Amounts repaid with respect to any of the Loans may not be reborrowed. 
 Section 2.2 Borrowing Procedures. 
 (a) The Borrower Representative shall give written notice (each such written notice, a Notice of Borrowing to Administrative Agent and each Lender of the proposed borrowing not later than 10 00 A.M. (Mexico, City time) three Business Days prior to the proposed date of that borrowing (or such shorter period acceptable to the Administrative Agent). Each such notice will be effective upon receipt by Administrative Agent, will be irrevocable, and must specify the proposed Closing Date (which date shall be a Business Day prior to the Termination Date), or with respect to the borrowing of Tranche E Loans, the proposed Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, and amount of the requested borrowing. Except as otherwise agreed in a flow of funds memorandum in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative 

Agent and the Lenders (a Funds Flow Memorandum on the Closing Date, or with respect to a borrowing of Tranche E Loans, on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, each Lender shall provide Administrative Agent with immediately available funds covering that Lender s Pro Rata Share of that borrowing so long as the applicable Lender has not received written notice that the conditions precedent set forth in Article XII with respect to that borrowing have not been satisfied. Except as otherwise agreed in a Funds Flow Memorandum, after the Administrative Agent s receipt of the proceeds of the applicable Loans from the Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall make the proceeds of those Loans available to the applicable Borrower on the Closing Date (or with respect to a borrowing of Tranche E Loans, on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date) by transferring to the applicable Borrower immediately available funds equal to the proceeds received by the Administrative Agent. There shall be a single borrowing of the Loans hereunder. 
 (b) Funding Losses . In connection with each Loan, each Borrower shall jointly and severally indemnify, defend, and hold the Administrative Agent and the Lenders harmless against any loss, cost, or expense actually incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender as a result of the failure to borrow any Loan on the date specified by the Borrower Representative in a Notice of Borrowing (other than as a result of any failure of any Lender to make such Loan to the extent required by this Agreement that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith of such Lender) (such losses, costs, or expenses, Funding Losses ). A certificate of the Administrative Agent or a Lender delivered to the Borrower Representative setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that the Administrative Agent or such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.2(b) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrowers shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent or the Lender, as applicable, within 30 days of the date of its receipt of such certificate. 
 Section 2.3 Commitments Several. The failure of any Lender to make a requested Loan on any date shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation (if any) to make a Loan on such date, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan to be made by such other Lender. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Tranche A-1 Lenders, Tranche A-2 Lenders, Tranche B-1 Lenders and Tranche B-2 Lenders shall be relieved from their obligations to make Loans hereunder in case of failure by the Tranche C Lenders and the Tranche D Lenders to make Tranche C Loans and Tranche D Loans in an aggregate principal amount of at least US 4,000,000, hereunder. 
 Section 2.4 Certain Conditions. No Lender shall have an obligation to make any Loan if an Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing. 

Section 2.5 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions will apply for so long as that Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) Any amount payable to a Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, or otherwise and including any amount that would otherwise be payable to that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 7.5 but excluding Article VIII will, in lieu of being distributed to that Defaulting Lender, be retained by the Administrative Agent and, subject to any applicable requirements of law, be applied as follows at such time or times (i) first , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Agents under this Agreement (ii) second , pro rata, to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement (iii) third , if so determined by the Borrowers, held as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (iv) fourth , pro rata, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers or the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Borrower or any Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and (v) fifth , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction. If any such payment is a prepayment of the principal amount of any Loans and made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 12.2 are satisfied, then that payment will be applied solely to prepay the Loans of all Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders pro rata prior to being applied to the prepayment of any Loans of any Defaulting Lender. 
 (b) If any Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused that Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then that Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as necessary in order for that Lender to hold those Loans in accordance with its Pro Rata Share (as determined pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of Pro Rata Share ). No Defaulting Lender will have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver, consent, or any other action the Lenders or the Required Lenders have taken or may take under this Agreement (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to Section 15.1 but any waiver, amendment, or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each directly affected Lender that affects a Defaulting Lender differently than other affected Lenders will require the consent of that Defaulting Lender. 

ARTICLE III EVIDENCING OF LOANS 
 Section 3.1 Notes. Each Tranche A-1 Loan shall be evidenced by a Tranche A-1 Note (which qualifies as a pagar under Mexican law), executed by AgileThought Mexico as issuer and each Mexican Loan Party, por aval (ii) each Tranche A-2 Loan shall be evidenced by a Tranche A-2 Note (which qualifies as a pagar under Mexican law), executed by AgileThought Mexico as issuer and each Mexican Loan Party, por aval (iii) each Tranche B-1 Loan shall be evidenced by a Tranche B-1 Note, executed by Ultimate Holdings as issuer (iv) each Tranche B-2 Loan shall be evidenced by a Tranche B-2 Note, executed by Ultimate Holdings as issuer (v) each Tranche C Loan shall be evidenced by a Tranche C Note, executed by Ultimate Holdings as issuer (vi) each Tranche D Loan shall be evidenced by a Tranche D Note, executed by Ultimate Holdings as issuer and (vii) each Tranche E Loan shall be evidenced by a Tranche E Note, executed by Ultimate Holdings as issuer. The Notes shall be delivered to each Lender for the benefit of such Lender on or before the Closing Date (or with respect to Tranche E Notes, on or before the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date), appropriately completed. Each Loan and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 15.6 be represented by one or more Notes in such form payable to the payee named therein. Each Lender shall be entitled to have its Notes substituted, exchanged or subdivided for Notes of lesser denominations in connection with a permitted assignment of all or any portion of such Lender s Loans and Notes pursuant to Section 15.6 . In case of theft, partial or complete destruction or mutilation of any Note, the relevant Lender shall be entitled to request to the Borrowers, and the Borrowers shall promptly (but in any event within ten days of such notice) execute and deliver in lieu thereof a new Note, dated the same date as the lost, stolen, destructed or mutilated Note. 
 Section 3.2 Recordkeeping. The Administrative Agent, on behalf of each Lender, shall record in its records, the date and amount of each Loan made by each Lender and each repayment or conversion (if permissible) thereof. The aggregate unpaid principal amount so recorded will be rebuttably presumptive evidence of the principal amount of the Loans owing and unpaid. The failure to so record any such amount or any error in so recording any such amount will not, however, limit or otherwise affect the Obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement or under any Note to repay the principal amount of the Loans under this Agreement, together with all interest accruing thereon. 

ARTICLE IV INTEREST 
 Section 4.1 Interest Rates. 
 (a) (i) Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Tranche A-1 Loan (A) for the period commencing on the date that Tranche A-1 Loan is made until the day immediately preceding the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date at a rate per annum equal to 11.00 , and (B) for the period commencing on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date until the Tranche A-1 Loan is paid in full at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (x) 11.00 and (y) the Tranche A Applicable Rate (ii) Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Tranche A-2 Loan (A) for the period commencing on the date that Tranche A-2 Loan is made until the day immediately preceding the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date at a rate per annum equal to 17.41 , and (B) for the period commencing on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date until the Tranche A-2 Loan is paid in full at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (x) 17.41 and (y) the Tranche A Applicable Rate (iii) Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Tranche B-1 Loan for the period commencing on the date that Tranche B-1 Loan is made until that Tranche B-1 Loan is paid in full at a rate per annum equal to 11.00 (iv) Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Tranche B-2 Loan for the period commencing on the date that Tranche B-2 Loan is made until that Tranche B-2 Loan is paid in full at a rate per annum equal to 17.41 (v) Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Tranche C Loan for the period commencing on the date that Tranche C Loan is made until that Tranche C Loan is paid in full at a rate per annum equal to 11.00 (vi) Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Tranche D Loan for the period commencing on the date that Tranche D Loan is made until that Tranche D Loan is paid in full at a rate per annum equal to 11.00 and (vii) Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Tranche E Loan for the period commencing on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date until that Tranche E Loan is paid in full at a rate per annum equal to 11.00 . 
 As between AgileThought Mexico and the Peso Lenders only, and for information purposes only, the interest rate applicable to the Peso Loans has been agreed giving due regard to factors that would make the rate the substantial equivalent to the interest rate applicable to the Dollar Loans. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time an Event of Default exists, the interest rate applicable to each Loan will be increased by 2 during the existence of an Event of Default (and, in the case of Obligations not bearing interest, those Obligations will, during the 

existence of an Event of Default, bear interest at the highest interest rate applicable to the Loans plus 2 ), but any such increase may be rescinded by Required Lenders, notwithstanding Section 15.1 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Sections 13.1(a), (f) or (g) , the increase provided for in this Section 4.1 will occur automatically. In no event will interest payable by the Borrowers to any Lender under this Agreement exceed the maximum rate permitted under applicable law, and if any such provision of this Agreement is in contravention of any such law, then that provision will be deemed modified to limit that interest to the maximum rate permitted under that law. 
 Section 4.2 Interest Payment Dates Payment-in-Kind. 
 (a) Tranche A-1 Loans . 
 (i) Accrued interest on each Tranche A-1 Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, upon a prepayment of such Loan, and on the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated, and at maturity. After maturity, and at any time an Event of Default exists, accrued interest on all Tranche A-1 Loans shall be payable on demand. 
 (ii) So long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and unless otherwise consented by the Tranche A-1 Lenders, on each Interest Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date), interest on the Tranche A-1 Loans shall be paid by capitalizing such interest and adding such capitalized interest to the then outstanding principal amount of the Tranche A-1 Loans, and such interest amount (together with any principal of the Tranche A-1 Loans prior to giving effect to the provisions of this Section 4.2(a)(ii) thereafter shall form part of the Tranche A-1 Loans and shall itself bear interest as provided in Section 4.1 provided that so long as the Total Leverage Ratio of the Consolidated Group for the Computation Period most recently ended prior to such Interest Payment Date is not greater than 2.00 1.00, each Tranche A-1 Lender shall have the right (but shall not be obligated) to elect, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative delivered not earlier than three Business Days prior to such Interest Payment Date, to require that all or any portion of the interest on the Tranche A-1 Loan maintained by such Tranche A-1 Lender remain due and payable in cash (in which case such interest (or portion thereof, as applicable) shall not be so capitalized or added to the principal but shall instead remain payable in cash) provided, further , that if a Default shall have occurred and be continuing on any date on which such interest is due, the Tranche A-1 Lenders shall be entitled to elect, by notice to the Borrower Representative, either to have such interest be capitalized and added to principal as set forth herein (in which case such payment shall be so capitalized and added to principal) or to require that it remain due and payable in cash (in which case 

such payment shall not be so capitalized or added to principal but shall instead remain payable in cash) and, in either case, such payment shall bear interest until paid in full as provided in Section 4.1 . Each such determination by the Tranche A-1 Lenders shall be conclusive and binding on all parties hereto. If requested by the Tranche A-1 Lenders, the Borrowers shall, within 15 days after such request, cause new Notes to be issued to the Tranche A-1 Lenders, duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, evidencing the obligation to pay the increased principal amount of the Tranche A-1 Loans as provided in this Section 4.2(a)(ii) . 
 (b) Tranche A-2 Loans . 
 (i) Accrued interest on each Tranche A-2 Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, upon a prepayment of such Loan, and on the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated, and at maturity. After maturity, and at any time an Event of Default exists, accrued interest on all Tranche A-2 Loans shall be payable on demand. Funds due in pesos will be deposited to an account with the Administrative Agent by 10 00 a.m., New York Time one Business Day prior to the Closing Date. 
 (ii) So long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and unless otherwise consented by the Tranche A-2 Lenders, on each Interest Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date), interest on the Tranche A-2 Loans shall be paid by capitalizing such interest and adding such capitalized interest to the then outstanding principal amount of the Tranche A-2 Loans, and such interest amount (together with any principal of the Tranche A-2 Loans prior to giving effect to the provisions of this Section 4.2(b)(ii) thereafter shall form part of the Tranche A-2 Loans and shall itself bear interest as provided in Section 4.1 provided that so long as the Total Leverage Ratio of the Consolidated Group for the Computation Period most recently ended prior to such Interest Payment Date is not greater than 2.00 1.00, each Tranche A-2 Lender shall have the right (but shall not be obligated) to elect, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative delivered not earlier than three Business Days prior to such Interest Payment Date, to require that all or any portion of the interest on the Tranche A-2 Loan maintained by such Tranche A-2 Lender remain due and payable in cash (in which case such interest (or portion thereof, as applicable) shall not be so capitalized or added to the principal but shall instead remain payable in cash) provided, further , that if a Default shall have occurred and be continuing on any date on which such interest is due, the Tranche A-2 Lenders shall be entitled to elect, by notice to the Borrower Representative, either to have such interest be capitalized and added to principal as set forth herein (in which case such payment shall be so capitalized and added to principal) or to require that it remain due and payable in cash (in which case 

such payment shall not be so capitalized or added to principal but shall instead remain payable in cash) and, in either case, such payment shall bear interest until paid in full as provided in Section 4.1 . Each such determination by the Tranche A-2 Lenders shall be conclusive and binding on all parties hereto. If requested by the Tranche A-2 Lenders, the Borrowers shall, within 15 days after such request, cause new Notes to be issued to the Tranche A-2 Lenders, duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, evidencing the obligation to pay the increased principal amount of the Tranche A-2 Loans as provided in this Section 4.2(b)(ii) . 
 (c) Tranche B-1 Loans . 
 (i) Accrued interest on each Tranche B-1 Loan shall be payable upon a prepayment of such Loan, and on the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated, and at maturity. After maturity, and at any time an Event of Default exists, accrued interest on all Tranche B-1 Loans shall be payable on demand. 
 (ii) If the Borrowers are required under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document to make a payment of interest in cash on the Loans on any date, then the sum payable by the Borrowers in respect of interest on the Tranche B-1 Loans shall be increased such that the Tranche B-1 Lenders receive an amount on account of interest on the Tranche B-1 Loans equal to the amount that would have resulted if interest on the Tranche B-1 Loans shall have been capitalized on each Interest Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date) and such capitalized amount added to the then outstanding principal amount of Tranche B-1 Loans. 
 (d) Tranche B-2 Loans . 
 (i) Accrued interest on each Tranche B-2 Loan shall be payable upon a prepayment of such Loan, and on the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated, and at maturity. After maturity, and at any time an Event of Default exists, accrued interest on all Tranche B-2 Loans shall be payable on demand. 
 (ii) If the Borrowers are required under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document to make a payment of interest in cash on the Loans on any date, then the sum payable by the Borrowers in respect of interest on the Tranche B-2 Loans shall be increased such that the Tranche B-2 Lenders receive an amount on account of interest on the Tranche B-2 Loans equal to the amount that would have resulted if interest on the Tranche B-2 Loans shall have been capitalized on each Interest Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date) and such capitalized amount added to the then outstanding principal amount of Tranche B-2 Loans. Funds due in pesos will be deposited to an 

account with the Administrative Agent by 10 00 a.m., New York Time one Business Day prior to the Closing Date. 
 (e) Tranche C Loans . 
 (i) Accrued interest on each Tranche C Loan shall be payable on the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated, and on the Tranche C Maturity Date provided , however that nothing herein shall restrict the Borrowers from making voluntary payments of such interest at any time prior to the Tranche C Maturity Date. After maturity, and at any time an Event of Default exists, accrued interest on all Tranche C Loans shall be payable on demand. 
 (ii) Reserved 
 (f) Tranche D Loans . 
 (i) Accrued interest on each Tranche D Loan shall be payable in arrears on the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated, and on the Tranche D Maturity Date provided , however that nothing herein shall restrict the Borrowers from making voluntary payments of such interest at any time prior to the Tranche D Maturity Date. After maturity, and at any time an Event of Default exists, accrued interest on all Tranche D Loans shall be payable on demand. 
 (ii) Reserved . 
 (g) Tranche E Loans . 
 (i) Accrued interest on each Tranche E Loan shall be payable in arrears on the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated, and on the Tranche E Maturity Date provided , however that nothing herein shall restrict the Borrowers from making voluntary payments of such interest at any time prior to the Tranche E Maturity Date. After maturity, and at any time an Event of Default exists, accrued interest on all Tranche E Loans shall be payable on demand. 
 (ii) Reserved 
 (h) The provisions of this Section 4.2 represent the sole and entire agreement of the parties to capitalize interest and accept payment of interest other than in cash provided that such agreement is subject to the terms of the Reference Subordination Agreement. Any interest not capitalized and added to principal pursuant to Section 4.2 shall continue to be 

payable in cash in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Notes, and if unpaid when due, shall bear interest at the applicable rate provided in Section 4.1 . 
 Section 4.3 Computation of Interest. Interest will be computed for the actual number of days elapsed on the basis of a year of 360 days. 
 Section 4.4 Intent to Limit Charges to Maximum Lawful Rate. In no event will any interest rate payable under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 4.1 plus any other amounts paid in connection herewith), exceed the highest rate permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction, in a final determination, deems applicable. Borrowers and the Lenders, in executing and delivering this Agreement, intend legally to agree upon the rates of interest and manner of payment stated within this Agreement provided that, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any such rate of interest or manner of payment exceeds the maximum allowable under applicable law, then, ipso facto, as of the date of this Agreement, each Borrower is and will be liable only for the payment of such maximum amount as is allowed by law, and payment received from such Borrower in excess of such legal maximum, whenever received, will be applied to reduce the principal balance of the Obligations to the extent of that excess. 
 ARTICLE V FEES 
 Section 5.1 Fee Letters. Each Borrower jointly and severally agrees to pay to the Agents and to the Lenders all such fees and expenses as are mutually agreed to from time to time by the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders, including, without limitation, the fees and expenses set forth in the Agents Fee Letter, in each case subject to the terms of the Reference Subordination Agreement. All fees payable under the Loan Documents shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds and shall not be subject to reduction by way of set-off or counterclaim. Fees paid under any Loan Document shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 Section 5.2 Facility Fee. 
 (a) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay the Tranche A-1 Lenders, for their account (to be shared ratably among the Tranche A-1 Lenders), on the earliest of (i) the Tranche A-1 Maturity Date, (ii) the date on which the Tranche A-1 Loans are paid in full in cash, and (iii) the date on which the Tranche A-1 Lenders exercise their rights under Article XVIII (such earliest date, the Tranche A-1 Facility Fee Payment Date ), a fee (the Tranche A-1 Facility Fee ), in an amount that 

results in a Tranche A-1 Total Repayment Return (after giving effect to any interest on the Tranche A-1 Loans paid on such date) equal to a rate which is 100 basis point higher that the interest rate applicable to the Tranche A-1 Loans pursuant to Section 4.1(a) in respect of the amount of the Tranche A-1 Loans required to be repaid (including by way of conversion pursuant to Article XVIII) on such date. The Tranche A-1 Facility Fee shall be in addition to (and not in lieu of) any other fees due and payable to the Tranche A-1 Lenders on the Tranche A-1 Facility Fee Payment Date. 
 (b) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay the Tranche A-2 Lenders, for their account (to be shared ratably among the Tranche A-2 Lenders), on the earliest of (i) the Tranche A-2 Maturity Date, (ii) the date on which the Tranche A-2 Loans are paid in full in cash, and (iii) the date on which the Tranche A-2 Lenders exercise their rights under Article XVIII (such earliest date, the Tranche A-2 Facility Fee Payment Date ), a fee (the Tranche A-2 Facility Fee ), in an amount that results in a Tranche A-2 Total Repayment Return (after giving effect to any interest on the Tranche A-2 Loans paid on such date) equal to a rate which is 100 basis point higher that the interest rate applicable to the Tranche A-2 Loans pursuant to Section 4.1(a) in respect of the amount of the Tranche A-2 Loans required to be repaid (including by way of conversion pursuant to Article XVIII) on such date. The Tranche A-2 Facility Fee shall be in addition to (and not in lieu of) any other fees due and payable to the Tranche A-2 Lenders on the Tranche A-2 Facility Fee Payment Date. 
 (c) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay the Tranche B-1 Lenders, for their account (to be shared ratably among the Tranche B-1 Lenders), on the earliest of (i) the Tranche B-1 Maturity Date, (ii) the date on which the Tranche B-1 Loans are paid in full in cash, and (iii) the date on which the Tranche B-1 Lenders exercise their rights under Article XVIII (such earliest date, the Tranche B-1 Facility Fee Payment Date ), a fee (the Tranche B-1 Facility Fee ), in an amount equal to 1.75 of the Tranche B-1 Commitment as of the Closing Date (prior to giving effect to any borrowing of the Tranche B-1 Loans on such date). The Tranche B-1 Facility Fee shall be in addition to (and not in lieu of) any other fees due and payable to the Tranche B-1 Lenders on the Tranche B-1 Facility Fee Payment Date. 
 (d) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay the Tranche B-2 Lenders, for their account (to be shared ratably among the Tranche B-2 Lenders), on the earliest of (i) the Tranche B-2 Maturity Date, (ii) the date on which the Tranche B-2 Loans are paid in full in cash, and (iii) the date on which the Tranche B-2 Lenders exercise their rights under Article XVIII (such earliest date, the Tranche B-2 Facility Fee Payment Date ), a fee (the Tranche B-2 Facility Fee ), in an amount equal to 1.75 of the Tranche B-2 Commitment as of the Closing Date (prior to giving effect to any 

borrowing of the Tranche B-2 Loans on such date). The Tranche B-2 Facility Fee shall be in addition to (and not in lieu of) any other fees due and payable to the Tranche B-2 Lenders on the Tranche B-2 Facility Fee Payment Date. 
 (e) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay the Tranche C Lenders, for their account (to be shared ratably among the Tranche C Lenders), on the earlier of (i) the Tranche C Maturity Date, and (ii) the date on which the interest on the Tranche C Loans is paid in full in cash (such earlier date, the Tranche C Facility Fee Payment Date ), a fee (the Tranche C Facility Fee ), in an amount equal to 1.75 of the Tranche C Commitment as of the Closing Date (prior to giving effect to any borrowing of the Tranche C Loans on such date). The Tranche C Facility Fee shall be in addition to (and not in lieu of) any other fees due and payable to the Tranche C Lenders on the Tranche C Facility Fee Payment Date. 
 (f) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay the Tranche D Lenders, for their account (to be shared ratably among the Tranche D Lenders), on the earlier of (i) the Tranche D Maturity Date, and (ii) the date on which the interest on the Tranche D Loans is paid in full in cash (such earlier date, the Tranche D Facility Fee Payment Date ), a fee (the Tranche D Facility Fee ), in an amount equal to 1.75 of the Tranche D Commitment as of the Closing Date (prior to giving effect to any borrowing of the Tranche D Loans on such date). The Tranche D Facility Fee shall be in addition to (and not in lieu of) any other fees due and payable to the Tranche D Lenders on the Tranche D Facility Fee Payment Date. 
 (g) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay the Tranche E Lenders, for their account (to be shared ratably among the Tranche E Lenders), on the earlier of (i) the Tranche E Maturity Date, and (ii) the date on which the interest on the Tranche E Loans is paid in full in cash (such earlier date, the Tranche E Facility Fee Payment Date ), a fee (the Tranche E Facility Fee ), in an amount equal to 1.75 of the Tranche E Commitment as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (prior to giving effect to any borrowing of the Tranche E Loans on such date). The Tranche E Facility Fee shall be in addition to (and not in lieu of) any other fees due and payable to the Tranche E Lenders on the Tranche E Facility Fee Payment Date. 
 ARTICLE VI REDUCTION OR TERMINATION OF THE COMMITMENT PREPAYMENTS. 
 Section 6.1 Reduction or Termination of the Commitment. 

(a) The Borrowers may not reduce or terminate the Commitments. 
 (b) The Commitment of each Lender shall automatically terminate at 5 00 p.m. (Mexico City time) on the Termination Date. 
 Section 6.2 Prepayments. 
 6.2.1 Voluntary Prepayments . The Subject to the Reference Subordination Agreement, the Borrowers shall have the right may, at any time , and from time to time, to deliver a by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) upon at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent containing an offer by the Borrowers to , prepay the Loans principal of the Loans, in whole or in part on a Business Day set forth in such notice (such date, a Voluntary Prepayment Date which is not earlier than ten days following the date on which such notice is actually received by the Administrative Agent (such date, a Voluntary Prepayment Notice Date ), and the Lenders shall have the right to accept such offer in their sole and absolute discretion provided that such offer may only be accepted to the extent that, (a) such prepayment is permitted under the Reference Subordination Agreement, and (b) the Borrowers shall have paid in full , without premium or penalty (other than any premium payable as provided in Section 5.2 in the event of a repayment in full the Loans). Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 6.2.1 shall be accompanied by the payment of (A) accrued interest to the date of such payment on the amount prepaid and (B) the fees set forth under Section 5.2 . Any such notice to prepay the Loans provided, however , that (i) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount of at least US 5,000,000 or integral whole multiples of US 500,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the amount of the Loans outstanding, and (ii) any notice delivered pursuant to this Section 6.2.1 shall be irrevocable and in case the Borrowers deliver such notice and the conditions under clauses (a) and (b) above are satisfied, the Loans shall become due and payable in full on the Voluntary Prepayment Date . 
 6.2.2 Mandatory Prepayments . 
 (a) Loans . Subject to the Reference Subordination Agreement, the Borrowers shall make a prepayment of the Loans until paid in full upon the occurrence of any of the following at the following times and in the following amounts 
 (i) concurrently with the receipt by any Loan Party of any Net Cash Proceeds from any Disposition (other than from a Permitted Factoring Disposition), in an amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds 
 (ii) concurrently with the receipt by any Loan Party of any proceeds of any issuance of its Equity Interests (other than any such issuance of Equity Interests that 

is described in clause (i) of the definition of Extraordinary Receipts ), in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof 
 (iii) concurrently with the receipt by any Loan Party of any Extraordinary Receipts, in an amount equal to 100 of such Extraordinary Receipts provided that, in the case of any event described in clause (b) of the definition of the term Extraordinary Receipts, with respect to Extraordinary Receipts not to exceed US 2,000,000 in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement, if the Borrower Representative shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Senior Officer on behalf of the Borrowers to the effect that the Loan Parties intend to apply the Extraordinary Receipts from such event (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate), within 180 days after receipt of such Extraordinary Receipts, to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other tangible or intangible assets (excluding inventory but expressly including Permitted Acquisitions) to be used in the business of the Loan Parties, and certifying that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this clause (iii) in respect of the Extraordinary Receipts specified in such certificate provided, further , that to the extent any such Extraordinary Receipts therefrom that have not been so applied by the end of such 180-day period, a prepayment shall be required in an amount equal to such Extraordinary Receipts that have not been so applied unless such 180-day period is extended by the Required Lenders provided, further , that in the case of any event described in clause (i) of the definition of the term Extraordinary Receipts (but only to the extent that, at the time of receipt of such Extraordinary Receipts the cash on hand of the Loan Parties is less than US 15,000,000) the amount of such Extraordinary Receipts required to be applied to make a prepayment of the Loans pursuant to this Section 6.2.2 shall be an amount equal to the positive difference between (A) the aggregate amount of such Extraordinary Receipts, and (B) the positive difference between (1) US 15,000,000 and (2) the cash on hand of the Loan Parties as of the date of receipt of such Extraordinary Receipts 
 (iv) concurrently with the receipt of any Business Interruption Proceeds, in an amount equal to 100 of such Business Interruption Proceeds provided that, with respect to Business Interruption Proceeds not to exceed US 2,000,000 in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement, if the Borrower Representative shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Senior Officer on behalf of the Borrowers to the effect that the Loan Parties intend to apply the Business Interruption Proceeds from such event (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate), within 180 days after receipt of such Business Interruption Proceeds, to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other tangible or intangible assets (excluding inventory but expressly including Permitted Acquisitions) to be used in the business of the Loan Parties 

or to pay operating expenses of the Loan Parties, and certifying that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this clause (iv) in respect of the Extraordinary Receipts specified in such certificate provided, further , that to the extent any such Business Interruption Proceeds therefrom that have not been so applied by the end of such 180-day period, a prepayment shall be required in an amount equal to such Business Interruption Proceeds that have not been so applied unless such 180-day period is extended by the Required Lenders and 
 (v) Immediately immediately upon receipt by Intermediate Holdings of the proceeds of any Permitted Cure Equity pursuant to Section 13.2 , Intermediate Holdings shall prepay the outstanding principal of the Loans in accordance with Section 6.3 in an amount equal to 100 of such proceeds . 
 (vi) solely to the extent all indebtedness under the New Senior Credit Agreement has been repaid in full, concurrently with the repayment or prepayment of any Subordinated Indebtedness, in an amount equal to the amount of such repayment or prepayment of such Subordinated Indebtedness and 
 (vii) within 90 days following the repayment in full of the indebtedness under the New Senior Credit Agreement, in an amount equal to the principal of the Exitus Indebtedness paid or prepaid since January 2023. 
 Section 6.3 Manner and Application of Prepayments. All prepayments of the Loans under Section 6.2 shall be subject to the Reference Subordination Agreement and to Section 8.7 and shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the Loans (or portion thereof) being prepaid. All prepayments of the Loans will be applied on a pro rata basis to the Loans based on the Dollar Amount thereof. 
 Section 6.4 Repayments. 
 (a) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Tranche A-1 Lenders the outstanding principal amount of each Tranche A-1 Loan on the Tranche A-1 Maturity Date. 
 (b) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Tranche A-2 Lenders the outstanding principal amount of each Tranche A-2 Loan on the Tranche A-2 Maturity Date. 
 (c) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Tranche B-1 Lenders the outstanding principal amount of each Tranche B-1 Loan on the Tranche B-1 Maturity Date. 

(d) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Tranche B-2 Lenders the outstanding principal amount of each Tranche B-2 Loan on the Tranche B-2 Maturity Date. 
 (e) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Tranche C Lenders the outstanding principal amount of each Tranche C Loan on the Tranche C Maturity Date. 
 (f) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Tranche D Lenders the outstanding principal amount of each Tranche D Loan on the Tranche D Maturity Date. 
 (g) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Tranche E Lenders the outstanding principal amount of each Tranche E Loan on the Tranche E Maturity Date. 
 Section 6.5 Increase of Tranche B-1 and Tranche B-2 Loans Payment Amount. 
 (a) If the Borrowers are required under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document to make a payment or prepayment of principal of the Loans on any date, then the sum payable by the Borrowers in respect of principal on the Tranche B-1 Loans shall be increased such that the Tranche B-1 Lenders receive an amount equal to the amount that would have resulted if interest on the Tranche B-1 Loans shall have been capitalized on each Interest Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date) and such capitalized amount added to the then outstanding principal amount of Tranche B-1 Loans . 
 (b) If the Borrowers are required under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document to make a payment or prepayment of principal of the Loans on any date, then the sum payable by the Borrowers in respect of principal on the Tranche B-2 Loans shall be increased such that the Tranche B-2 Lenders receive an amount equal to the amount that would have resulted if interest on the Tranche B-2 Loans shall have been capitalized on each Interest Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date) and such capitalized amount added to the then outstanding principal amount of Tranche B-2 Loans. 
 Section 6.6 Reserved . 
 ARTICLE VII MAKING AND PRORATION OF PAYMENTS SETOFF TAXES 
 Section 7.1 Making of Payments. 

7.1.1 Borrowers shall make all cash payments of principal or interest on the Loans, and of all fees to paid in cash, to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds to the account designated by the Administrative Agent for such purpose, not later than 12 00 P.M. (New York time) on the date due, and funds received after that time shall be deemed to have been received by the Administrative Agent on the following Business Day, with the exception that funds due in pesos for the Peso Loans will be deposited to an account with the Administrative Agent by 10 00 a.m., New York Time one Business Day prior to the date due. Borrowers shall make all payments to the Agents and the Lenders without set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, deduction, or other defense. Subject to Section 2.5 , Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to each Lender and the Collateral Agent its share of all such payments received in collected funds by Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender and the Collateral Agent provided, that any amount received by the Administrative Agent on account of cash payments of principal or interest on the Loans, and or of fees paid in cash shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent among the Lenders in accordance with the written instructions received by the Administrative Agent from the Lenders to such effect provided, further, that the failure by the Lenders to give such instructions to the Administrative Agent shall not affect the obligation of the Loan Parties to make any such payment on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrowers shall make all payments under Section 8.1 directly to the Lender entitled thereto. The Borrowers agree to notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of any cash payments of principal or interest on the Loans, and or of any fees to paid in cash, not later than 10 00 A.M. (New York City time) three Business Days prior to the date of any such payment, which notice will be effective upon receipt by the Administrative Agent, will be irrevocable, and must specify (i) the date of such payment, (ii) the amount of such payment, and (iii) if such payment is in respect of interest and or fees provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the obligation of the Loan Parties to make any such payment on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 7.1.2 Except to the extent otherwise provided herein (i) each payment or prepayment of principal of the Loans shall be made for the account of the Lenders of each Type pro rata in accordance with the Dollar Amount of the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Tranche A-1 Loans, Tranche A-2 Loans, Tranche B-1 Loans, Tranche B-2 Loans, Tranche C Loans, Tranche D Loans and Tranche E Loans, and within each Type shall be made for the account of the Lenders of such Type pro rata in accordance with the Dollar Amount of the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Loans of such Type held by the respective Lenders and (ii) each payment of interest by the Borrowers shall be made for the account of the Lenders of each Type pro rata in accordance with the Dollar Amount of the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Tranche A-1 Loans, Tranche A-2 Loans, Tranche B-1 Loans, Tranche B-2 Loans, Tranche C Loans, Tranche D Loans and Tranche E Loans, and within each Type shall be made for account of the Lenders of such Type pro rata in accordance with the Dollar Amount of interest on the Loans of that same Type then due and payable to the Lenders of such Type. 

Section 7.2 Application of Certain Payments. 
 7.2.1 So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, mandatory prepayments shall be applied as set forth in Section 6.3 . 
 7.2.2 Subject to any written agreement among Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
 (a) Reserved . 
 (b) After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent, acting upon the written direction of the Required Lenders, shall apply all payments in respect of any Obligations and all proceeds of the Collateral, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as follows (i) first , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any fees, expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Agents until paid in full (ii) second , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any fees and indemnities then due and payable to the Lenders until paid in full (iii) third , ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Loans until paid in full based on the Dollar Amount thereof (iv) fourth , ratably to pay principal of the Loans until paid in full based on the Dollar Amount thereof (v) fifth , to the ratable payment of all other Obligations then due and payable. 
 (c) For purposes of Section 7.2.2(b) , paid in full means payment in cash of all amounts owing under the Loan Documents according to the terms thereof, including loan fees, service fees, professional fees, interest (and specifically including interest accrued after, or that would have accrued but for, the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding), default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, whether or not same would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding. 
 (d) In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 7.2.2 and other provisions contained in any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that all such priority provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this Section 7.2.2 shall control and govern. 
 Section 7.3 Due Date Extension. If any payment of principal or interest with respect to any of the Loans, or of any fees, falls due on a day which is not a Business Day, then such due date shall be extended to the immediately following Business Day unless the result of that extension would cause such due date to occur in another calendar month, in which case such due 

date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day and, in the case of principal, additional interest shall accrue and be payable for the period of any such extension. 
 Section 7.4 Setoff. All payments made by Borrowers hereunder or under any Loan Documents shall be made without setoff, counterclaim, or other defense. Each Borrower, for itself and each other Loan Party, agrees that each Agent and each Lender have all rights of set-off and bankers lien provided by applicable law, and in addition thereto, each Borrower, for itself and each other Loan Party, agrees that at any time any Event of Default exists, each Agent and each Lender may apply to the payment of any Obligations of each Borrower and each other Loan Party under this Agreement, whether or not then due, any and all balances, credits, deposits, accounts, or moneys of each Borrower and each other Loan Party then or thereafter with that Agent or that Lender. 
 Section 7.5 Proration of Payments. Except as provided in Section 2.5 , if any Lender obtains any payment or other recovery (whether voluntary, involuntary, by application of offset or otherwise), on account of principal of or interest on any Loan (but excluding (a) any payment pursuant to Article VIII or Section 15.6 , or (b) payments of interest on any affected Loan) in excess of its applicable Pro Rata Share of payments and other recoveries obtained by all Lenders on account of principal of and interest on the Loans, then held by them, then that Lender shall purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Loans held by them as are necessary to cause that purchasing Lender to share the excess payment or other recovery ratably with each of them, but if all or any portion of the excess payment or other recovery is thereafter recovered from that purchasing Lender, then that purchase will be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of that recovery. 
 Section 7.6 Taxes. 
 7.6.1 The Loan Parties shall make all payments under this Agreement or under any Loan Documents without setoff, counterclaim, or other defense. All payments under this Agreement or under the Loan Documents (including any payment of principal, interest, or fees and including, for the avoidance of doubt, any payment that results from the delivery of Conversion Payment Shares) to, or for the benefit, of any Person will be made by the Loan Parties free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for, or account of, any Taxes now or hereafter imposed by any taxing authority, except as required by applicable law. 
 7.6.2 If Borrowers make any payment (including, for the avoidance of doubt, that results from the exercise of the conversion rights under Article XVIII under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document in respect of which any Borrower is required by applicable law to deduct or withhold any Taxes, then (i) the Borrower shall be entitled to deduct or withhold from such payment the amount of such Taxes, (ii) the Borrower shall timely pay the full amount 

deducted or withheld to the relevant taxing authority in accordance with applicable law and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by such Borrower shall be increased such that after the reduction for the amount of Indemnified Taxes withheld (and any Indemnified Taxes withheld or imposed with respect to the additional payments required under this Section 7.6.2 ), the recipient of the payment receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding been made. To the extent Borrowers withhold any Taxes on payments under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, Borrowers shall deliver to Administrative Agent within 30 days after Borrowers have made payment to that taxing authority a receipt issued by that taxing authority (or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent approved by the Required Lenders) evidencing the payment of all amounts so required to be deducted or withheld from that payment. 
 7.6.3 If any Lender or Agent or other recipient is required by law to make any payments of any Indemnified Taxes on or in relation to any amounts received or receivable under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, or any Indemnified Tax is assessed against a Lender or Agent or other recipient with respect to amounts received or receivable under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, Borrowers will indemnify that Person against (i) that Indemnified Tax and (ii) any Indemnified Taxes imposed as a result of the receipt of the payment under this Section 7.6.3 . A certificate prepared in good faith as to the amount of any such payment by that Lender or Agent or other recipient will, absent manifest error, be final, conclusive, and binding on all parties. 
 7.6.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 7.6.2 and 7.6.3, the Borrowers shall in no event be required to pay the Tranche B-1 Lender or the Tranche B-2 Lender additional amounts under clause (iii) of Section 7.6.2 with respect to U.S. federal withholding Taxes U.S. Withholding Tax Additional Amounts or to indemnify the Tranche B-1 Lender or the Tranche B-2 Lender under Section 7.6.3 against Indemnified Taxes that are U.S. federal withholding Taxes U.S. Withholding Tax Indemnity Payments to the extent the sum of any U.S. Withholding Tax Additional Amounts and any U.S. Withholding Tax Indemnity Payments paid by the Borrowers to the Tranche B-1 Lender and the Tranche B-2 Lender exceeds, in the aggregate, US 250,000. 
 7.6.5 (a) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax with respect to payments made under this Agreement or any Loan Document shall use its best efforts to deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent, such properly and completed executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payment to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. 
 (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 

(A) each Lender that is not a United States person within the meaning of Code Section 7701(a)(30) (a Non-U.S. Lender shall use its best efforts to deliver to Borrower Representative and Administrative Agent on the earlier of (i) the date that is six (6) months after the Closing Date (or in the case of a Lender that is an Assignee, on the date of the assignment) and (ii) the date of delivery of Conversion Payment Shares, two accurate and complete original signed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY (or any successor or other applicable form prescribed by the IRS) for each such Lender and, as applicable, two accurate and complete original signed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI, W-8IMY or W-9 (or any successor or other applicable form prescribed by the IRS) for each of its partners or other beneficial owners certifying to the entitlement to a complete exemption from, or reduction in, U.S. federal withholding tax on interest payments to be made under this Agreement or under any Loan Document, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction to be made. If a Lender or one of its partners or other beneficial owners is claiming a complete exemption from withholding on interest pursuant to Code Sections 871(h) or 881(c), then that Lender shall deliver (along with two accurate and complete original signed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable) a certificate in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Borrower Representative and Administrative Agent to the effect that such Person is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (any such certificate, a Withholding Certificate ). To the extent a Lender (or its partners or other beneficial owners, as applicable) would be entitled to claim a complete exemption from withholding on interest pursuant to Code Sections 871(h) or 881(c) with respect to payments received under this Agreement or under the Loan Documents, and such Lender takes any action that could reasonably be expected to result in the loss of such exemption, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay to such Lender amounts pursuant to Section 7.6 in excess of the maximum amount that the Borrowers would have been required to pay pursuant to the Laws in effect on the date of this Agreement had the Lender not taken such action. In addition, each Non-U.S. Lender shall, from time to time after the Closing Date (or in the case of a Lender that is an Assignee, after the date of the assignment to that Lender) when a lapse in time (or change in circumstances occurs) renders the prior certificates delivered under this Agreement obsolete or inaccurate in any material respect, use its best efforts to deliver to Borrower 

Representative and Administrative Agent two new and accurate and complete original signed copies of IRS Forms W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI, W-8IMY or W-9 (or any successor or other applicable forms prescribed by the IRS), and if applicable, a new Withholding Certificate, to confirm or establish the entitlement of such Lender (or its respective partner or other beneficial owner) to an exemption from, or reduction in, United States withholding tax on interest payments to be made under this Agreement or with respect to any Loan (or such Lender shall otherwise promptly notify the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to deliver such forms and or Withholding Certificate). 
 (B) Each Lender that is not a Non-U.S. Lender shall provide two properly completed and duly executed copies of IRS Form W-9 (or any successor or other applicable form) to Borrower Representative and Administrative Agent certifying that that Lender is exempt from United States backup withholding Tax. To the extent that a form provided pursuant to this Section 7.6.5(b) is rendered obsolete or inaccurate in any material respect as result of change in circumstances with respect to the status of a Lender or Administrative Agent, then that Lender or Administrative Agent shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, deliver to Borrower Representative and, as applicable, Administrative Agent revised forms necessary to confirm or establish the entitlement to that Lender s exemption from United States backup withholding Tax (or such Lender or Administrative Agent shall otherwise promptly notify the Borrower Representative and, as applicable, the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to deliver such forms). 
 7.6.6 Each Lender shall indemnify Administrative Agent and hold Administrative Agent harmless for the full amount of any and all present or future Taxes and related liabilities (including penalties, interest, additions to Tax and expenses, and any Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable to Administrative Agent under this Section 7.6 which are imposed on or with respect to principal, interest, or fees payable to that Lender under this Agreement and which are not paid by Borrowers pursuant to this Section 7.6 , whether or not those Taxes or related liabilities were correctly or legally asserted. This indemnification must be made within 30 days from the date Administrative Agent makes written demand therefor. 
 7.6.7 If an Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrowers or with respect to which the Borrowers have paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 7.6 , then that Agent or that Lender, as applicable, shall pay over that refund to the Borrowers (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrowers under this Section 7.6 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes giving rise to that refund), net of any Taxes 

imposed by reason of receipt of that refund and all out-of-pocket expenses of that Agent or that Lender, as applicable, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to that refund, which interest must be paid to the Borrowers). Upon the request of any such Agent or any such Lender, Borrowers shall repay any amount paid to the Borrowers plus any penalties, interest, or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to that Agent or that Lender in the event that Agent or that Lender is required to repay any such refund to any such Governmental Authority. Nothing in this Section 7.6.7 is to be construed to require any Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information which it deems confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person. 
 7.6.8 The Borrowers agree to pay to any Mexican Lender all applicable present and future value added taxes Impuesto al Valor Agregado in respect of any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrowers hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including, without limitation, in respect of any capitalized interest under Section 4.2(a)(ii) ). 
 7.6.9 If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal income withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if that Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), then that Lender shall deliver to Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) at the time or times prescribed by law and at any other time or times reasonably requested by Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, the Lender granting the participation) all documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and all additional documentation reasonably requested by Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, the Lender granting the participation) as is necessary for Administrative Agent or Borrowers to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that that Lender has complied with that Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from that payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 7.6.9 , FATCA is deemed to include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 7.6.10 For purposes of this Section 7.6 , the term applicable law includes FATCA. Each party s obligations under this Section 7.6 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction, or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

ARTICLE VIII INCREASED COSTS 
 Section 8.1 Increased Costs. 
 (a) If any Change in Law (i) imposes, modifies, or deems applicable any reserve (including any reserve imposed by the FRB), special deposit, or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with, or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (ii) subjects any Lender to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (c) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its Loans, its Note(s) or its obligations to make Loans, or (iii) imposes on any Lender any other condition (other than Taxes) affecting its Loans, its Note(s), or its obligation to make Loans, and the result of anything described in clauses (i) through (iii) above is to increase the cost to (or to impose a cost on) that Lender of making or maintaining any Loan, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by that Lender under this Agreement or under its Note(s) with respect thereto, then upon demand by that Lender (which demand must be accompanied by a statement setting forth the basis for that demand and a calculation of the amount thereof in reasonable detail, a copy of which must be furnished to Administrative Agent), Borrowers shall pay directly to that Lender such additional amount as will compensate that Lender for that increased cost or that reduction, so long as the applicable amounts have accrued on or after the day that is 180 days prior to the date on which that Lender first made demand therefor. 
 (b) If any Lender reasonably determines that any change in, or the adoption or phase-in of, any applicable law, rule, or regulation regarding capital adequacy, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank, or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or the compliance by any Lender or any Person controlling any Lender with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank, or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on that Lender s or that controlling Person s capital as a consequence of that Lender s obligations under this Agreement to a level below that which that Lender or that controlling Person could have achieved but for that change, adoption, phase-in, or compliance (taking into consideration that Lender s or that controlling Person s policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by that Lender or that controlling Person to be material, then from time to time, upon demand by that Lender (which demand must be accompanied by a statement setting forth the basis for that demand and a calculation of the amount thereof in reasonable detail, a copy of which must be furnished to Administrative Agent), Borrowers shall pay to that Lender that additional amount as will compensate that Lender or that controlling Person for that reduction, so 

long as the applicable amounts have accrued on or after the day that is 180 days prior to the date on which that Lender first made demand therefor. 
 Section 8.2 Reserved . 
 Section 8.3 Changes in Law Rendering Loans Unlawful. If, after the date of this Agreement, any change in, or the adoption of any new, law or regulation, or any change in the interpretation of any applicable law or regulation by any Governmental Authority or other regulatory body charged with the administration thereof, makes it (or in the good faith judgment of any Lender causes a substantial question as to whether it is) unlawful for any Lender to make, maintain, or fund loans in Dollars, then that Lender shall promptly notify each of the other parties to this Agreement and that Lender will not be required to make or maintain any Loan in Dollars. 
 Section 8.4 Right of Lenders to Fund through Other Offices. Each Lender may, if it so elects, fulfill its commitment as to any Loan by causing a foreign branch or Affiliate of that Lender to make that Loan, but each such Loan will be deemed to have been made by that Lender and the obligation of Borrowers to repay that Loan will be to that Lender and will be deemed held by the Lender, to the extent of that Loan, for the account of that branch or Affiliate. 
 Section 8.5 Mitigation of Circumstances Replacement of Lenders. 
 (a) Each Lender shall promptly notify Borrower Representative and Administrative Agent of any event of which it has knowledge that will result in, and will use reasonable commercial efforts available to it (and not, in that Lender s sole judgment, otherwise disadvantageous to that Lender) to mitigate or avoid (i) any obligation by Borrowers to pay any amount pursuant to Section 7.6 or 8.1 or (ii) the occurrence of any circumstances described in Section 8.3 (and, if any Lender has given notice of any such event described in clauses (i) or (ii) and thereafter that event ceases to exist, that Lender shall promptly so notify Borrower Representative and Administrative Agent). Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender shall designate a different funding office if that designation will avoid (or reduce the cost to Borrowers of) any event described in clauses (i) or (ii) and that designation will not, in that Lender s sole judgment, be otherwise disadvantageous to that Lender. 
 (b) If Borrowers become obligated to pay additional amounts to any Lender pursuant to Section 8.1 , or any Lender gives notice of the occurrence of any circumstances described in Section 8.3 , or any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then Borrower Representative may designate another financial institution that is acceptable to Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (a Replacement Lender to purchase the Loans of that Lender and that Lender s rights under this Agreement, without recourse to or warranty by, or 

expense to, that Lender, for a purchase price equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Loans payable to that Lender plus any accrued but unpaid interest on those Loans and all accrued but unpaid fees owed to that Lender and any other amounts owed to that Lender under this Agreement and any other Loan Document, and to assume all the obligations of that Lender under this Agreement. Upon any such purchase and assumption (pursuant to an Assignment Agreement), the applicable Lender will no longer be a party to this Agreement or have any rights under this Agreement (other than rights with respect to indemnities and similar rights applicable to that Lender prior to the date of that purchase and assumption) and will be relieved from all obligations to Borrowers under this Agreement, and the Replacement Lender will succeed to the rights and obligations of that Lender under this Agreement. 
 Section 8.6 Conclusiveness of Statements Survival of Provisions. Determinations and statements of any Lender pursuant to Section 8.1 or 8.3 shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. Lenders may use reasonable averaging and attribution methods in determining compensation under Section 8.1 , and the provisions of such Section 8.1 will survive repayment of the Obligations, cancellation of any Note(s) and termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 8.7 Funding Losses. Each Borrower shall, upon demand by any Lender (which demand must be accompanied by a statement setting forth the basis for the amount being claimed, a copy of which must be furnished to Administrative Agent), indemnify that Lender against any net loss or expense (including amounts incurred to terminate, settle or re-establish hedging arrangements or related trading positions (irrespective of the currency thereof)) which that Lender sustains or incurs, as reasonably determined by that Lender, as a result of any failure of any Borrower to borrow any Loan on a date specified therefor in a notice of borrowing pursuant to this Agreement. For this purpose, all notices to Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement will be deemed to be irrevocable. 
 ARTICLE IX REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders, on behalf of itself and each of its Subsidiaries, that on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, and on any other date required in any Loan Document 
 Section 9.1 Organization Good Standing, Etc.. Each Loan Party (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership duly organized or incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated and, in the case of the Borrowers, to make the borrowings 

hereunder, and to execute and deliver each Loan Document to which it is a party, and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except (solely for the purposes of this subclause (iii)) where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 9.2 Authorization Etc.. 
 (a) The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or will be a party, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action, (ii) do not and will not contravene (A) any of its Governing Documents, (B) any applicable Requirement of Law or (C) any Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Loan Document) upon or with respect to any of its properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to its operations or any of its properties. 
 Section 9.3 Government Approvals. No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the due execution, delivery and performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or will be a party other than (x) those which have been provided or obtained on or prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date or (y) filings and recordings with respect to Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing or recordation, on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. 
 Section 9.4 Enforceability of Loan Documents. This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is or will be a party, when delivered hereunder, will be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. 
 Section 9.5 Capitalization. On the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on such date, the authorized Equity Interests of Ultimate Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries and the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Ultimate Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries are as set forth on Schedule 9.5. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests of Ultimate Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and the holders 

thereof are not entitled to any preemptive, first refusal or other similar rights. All Equity Interests of such Subsidiaries of Ultimate Holdings are owned by Ultimate Holdings free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens). Except as described on Schedule 9.5, there are no outstanding debt or equity securities of Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries and no outstanding obligations of Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for, or warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, or other obligations of Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, directly or indirectly, any shares of Equity Interests of Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Section 9.6 Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 9.6, there is no pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened action, suit or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its properties before any court or other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator that (i) if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) relates to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 Section 9.7 Financial Statements. 
 (i) The financial statements, copies of which have been delivered to each Agent and each Lender, fairly present the consolidated financial condition of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal periods ended on such respective dates, all in accordance with GAAP. All material indebtedness and other liabilities (including, without limitation, Indebtedness, liabilities for taxes, long-term leases and other unusual forward or long-term commitments), direct or contingent, of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries are set forth in the Financial Statements. Since March 31, 2022, no event or development has occurred that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (ii) Ultimate Holdings has heretofore furnished to each Agent and each Lender (A) projected quarterly financial information of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, and (B) projected annual financial information for the 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026 Fiscal Years, which projected financial statements shall be updated from time to time pursuant to Section 10.1(a)(vi). 
 
 Section 9.8 Compliance with Law, Etc.. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of (i) any of its Governing Documents, (ii) any Requirement of Law, or (iii) any 

material term of any Contractual Obligation (including, without limitation, any Material Contract) binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing thereunder. 
 Section 9.9 ERISA. Except as set forth on Schedule 9.9, (i) each Loan Party and each Employee Plan and Pension Plan is in compliance with all Requirements of Law in all material respects, including ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, (ii) no ERISA Event has occurred nor is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Employee Plan, Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (iii) copies of each agreement entered into with the PBGC, the U.S. Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Employee Plan or Pension Plan have been delivered to the Agents, and (iv) each Employee Plan and Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and the trust related thereto is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any material liability to the PBGC which remains outstanding other than the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due and which are unpaid with respect to a Pension Plan. There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened material claims, actions, proceedings or lawsuits (other than claims for benefits in the ordinary course) asserted or instituted against (A) any Employee Plan, Pension Plan, or their respective assets, (B) any fiduciary with respect to any Employee Plan or Pension Plan, or (C) any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any Employee Plan or Pension Plan. Except as required by Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code, no Loan Party maintains an employee welfare benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) that provides health benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of any Loan Party or has any obligation to provide any such benefits for any current employee after such employee s termination of employment. 
 Section 9.10 Taxes, Etc.. (i) All United States federal and other material Tax returns and other reports required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed by any Loan Party have been timely filed and (ii) all Taxes imposed upon any Loan Party or any property of any Loan Party which have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, except (A) the Unpaid Taxes and other unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount at any one time outstanding not in excess of 275,000, and (B) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. 

Section 9.11 Regulations T, U and X. No Loan Party is or will be engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X), and no proceeds of any Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or for any purpose that violates, or is inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U and X. 
 Section 9.12 Nature of Business. No Loan Party is engaged in any business other than as set forth on Schedule 9.12 hereto. 
 Section 9.13 Adverse Agreements, Etc.. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contractual Obligation or subject to any restriction or limitation in any Governing Document or any judgment, order, regulation, ruling or other requirement of a court or other Governmental Authority, which (either individually or in the aggregate) has, or in the future could reasonably be expected (either individually or in the aggregate) to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 9.14 Permits, etc. Each Loan Party has, and is in compliance with, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations, including Environmental Permits, required for such Person lawfully to own, lease, manage or operate, or to acquire, each business and Facility currently owned, leased, managed or operated, or to be acquired, by such Person, except to the extent the failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No condition exists or event has occurred which, in itself or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would result in the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or non-renewal of any such permit, license, authorization, approval, entitlement or accreditation, including any such Environmental Permit, and there is no claim that any of the foregoing is not in full force and effect. 
 Section 9.15 Properties. Each Loan Party has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use, all property and assets material to its business, free and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens. All such properties and assets are in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 
 Section 9.16 Employee and Labor Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 9.16, (i) each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law in all material respects pertaining to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, wages and hours, and occupational safety and health, (ii) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary is party to any collective bargaining agreement, nor has any labor union been recognized as the representative of the employees of any Loan Party of Subsidiary, (iii) there is no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened 

against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement, (iv) there has been no strike, work stoppage, slowdown, lockout, or other labor dispute pending or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, and (v) to the knowledge of each Loan Party, no labor organization or group of employees has made a pending demand for recognition or certification, and there are no representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a representation proceeding presently pending or threatened to be brought or filed, with the National Labor Relations Board or any other labor relations tribunal or authority. No Loan Party or Subsidiary has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act WARN or any similar Requirement of Law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied. All material payments due from any Loan Party or Subsidiary on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party or Subsidiary. 
 Section 9.17 Environmental Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 9.17 hereto, (i) no Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Environmental Law, (ii) each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has, and is in compliance with, all Environmental Permits for its respective operations and businesses, except to the extent any failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party (iii) there has been no Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials on, in, at, under or from any properties currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or a respective predecessor in interest or at any disposal or treatment facility which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or any respective predecessor in interest, which in any case of the foregoing could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party (iv) there are no pending or threatened Environmental Claims against, or Environmental Liability of, any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or any respective predecessor in interest that could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party (v) neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is performing or responsible for any Remedial Action that could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party and (vi) the Loan Parties have made available to the Collateral Agent and Lenders true and complete copies of all material environmental reports, audits and investigations in the possession or control of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the operations and business of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries. 

Section 9.18 Insurance. Each Loan Party maintains all insurance required by Section 10.1(h). Schedule 9.18 sets forth a list of all such insurance maintained by or for the benefit of each Loan Party on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date. 
 Section 9.19 reserved . 
 Section 9.20 Solvency. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and before and after giving effect to each Loan, each Loan Party is, and the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis are, Solvent. No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party. 
 Section 9.21 Intellectual Property. Except as set forth on Schedule 9.21, each Loan Party owns or licenses or otherwise has the right to use all Intellectual Property rights that are necessary for the operation of its business, without infringement upon or conflict with the rights of any other Person with respect thereto, except for such infringements and conflicts which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Set forth on Schedule 9.21 is a complete and accurate list as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date of (i) each item of Registered Intellectual Property owned by each Loan Party (ii) each material work of authorship owned by each Loan party and which is not Registered Intellectual Property, and (iii) each Intellectual Property Contract to which each Loan Party is bound. No trademark or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party infringes upon or conflicts with any rights owned by any other Person, and no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or threatened. To the knowledge of each Loan Party, no patent, invention, device, application, principle or any statute, law, rule, regulation, standard or code pertaining to Intellectual Property is pending or proposed. 
 Section 9.22 Material Contracts. Set forth on Schedule 9.22 is a complete and accurate list as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date of all Material Contracts of each Loan Party, showing the parties and subject matter thereof and amendments and modifications thereto. Each such Material Contract (i) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto and all other parties thereto in accordance with its terms, (ii) has not been otherwise amended or modified, and (iii) is not in default due to the action of any Loan Party or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any other party thereto. 
 Section 9.23 Investment Company Act. None of the Loan Parties is (i) an investment company or an affiliated person or promoter of, or principal underwriter of or for, an investment company , as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 

amended, or (ii) subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law that limits in any respect its ability to incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or a portion of the Obligations unenforceable. 
 Section 9.24 Customers and Suppliers. There exists no actual or threatened termination, cancellation or limitation of, or modification to or change in the business relationship between (i) any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any material customer or any group thereof, on the other hand, or (ii) any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any material supplier or any group thereof, on the other hand, and there exists no present state of facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to give rise to or result in any such termination, cancellation, limitation, modification or change. 
 Section 9.25 Reserved . 
 Section 9.26 Sanctions Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. None of any Loan Party, any Subsidiary thereof, any of their respective directors, officers, or employees, shareholders or owners, nor any of their respective agents or Affiliates, (i) is a Sanctioned Person or currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) has assets located in a Sanctioned Country, (iii) conducts any business with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, (iv) directly or indirectly derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with, Sanctioned Persons, (v) is a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the USA PATRIOT Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision, or (vi) is a Person that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 or 312 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Law. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance with all Sanctions, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws. Each Loan Party and each Affiliate, officer, employee or director acting on behalf of any Loan Party is (and is taking no action that would result in any such Person not being) in compliance with (A) all applicable OFAC rules and regulations, (B) all applicable United States of America, United Kingdom, United Nations, European Union, German, Canadian, Australian and all other internationally respected national autonomous sanctions, embargos and trade restrictions and (C) all applicable provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act. In addition, no Loan Party or any Subsidiary is engaged in any kind of activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that is subject to any sanctions administered by OFAC, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Germany, Canada, Australia or the United Nations. 

Section 9.27 Anti-Bribery and Corruption1.0.0.1 . 
 (i) Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, or any other Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party, has offered, promised, paid, given or authorized the payment or giving of any money or other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any Person, including without limitation, any employee, official or other Person acting on behalf of any Governmental Authority, or otherwise engaged in any activity that may violate any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 (ii) Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, or any other Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party, has engaged in any activity that would breach any Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 (iii) To each Loan Party s knowledge and belief, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any court or other Governmental Authority against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or any of their directors, officers, employees or other Person acting on their behalf that relates to a potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Sanctions. 
 (iv) The Loan Parties will not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of the Advances for any purpose that would breach the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 
 Section 9.28 Full Disclosure1.1.1.2 . 
 (i) Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Agents all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Agents (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and general information about Borrower s industry) in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading. 

(ii) Projections have been prepared on a reasonable basis and in good faith based on assumptions, estimates, methods and tests that are believed by the Loan Parties to be reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared and information believed by the Loan Parties to have been accurate based upon the information available to the Loan Parties at the time such Projections were furnished to the Lenders, and Ultimate Holdings is not be aware of any facts or information that would lead it to believe that such Projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect it being understood that (A) Projections are by their nature subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Loan Parties control, (B) actual results may differ materially from the Projections and such variations may be material and (C) the Projections are not a guarantee of performance. 
 ARTICLE X AFFIRMATIVE AND NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 10.1 Affirmative Covenants. So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party will, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing 
 (a) Reporting Requirements . Furnish to each Agent and each Lender 
 (i) as soon as available, and in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each fiscal month of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries, (x) internally prepared consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows as at the end of such fiscal month, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such fiscal month, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, and (B) the Projections, all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of Ultimate Holdings as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal month and the results of operations, retained earnings and cash flows of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal month and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments (y) a report of key performance indicators during such fiscal month with respect to the top 25 customers, headcount and billable utilization, as reasonably identified by Ultimate Holdings, for the business of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries and any additional financial information as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and (z) a Compliance Certificate 

(ii) the following 
 (A) as soon as available and in any event within forty five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first full fiscal quarter of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending after May 27, 2022, consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of Ultimate Holdings as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the results of operations and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such quarter and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments, and 
 (B) no later than two (2) Business Days after the delivery of the financial information described in clause (A), a comparison of the financial information described in clause (A) to that in the Projections, and a report of key performance indicators during such fiscal quarter with respect to the top 25 customers, headcount and billable utilization, as reasonably identified by Ultimate Holdings, for the business of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries and any additional financial information as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent at the request of the Required Lenders 
 (iii) the following 

(A) as soon as available, and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries, consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by a report and an opinion, prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, of a Big Four firm or another independent certified public accountant of recognized standing selected by Ultimate Holdings and satisfactory to the Required Lenders (which report and opinion shall not include (1) any qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about the ability of Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to continue as a going concern or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, or (2) any qualification which relates to the treatment or classification of any item and which, as a condition to the removal of such qualification, would require an adjustment to such item, the effect of which would be to cause any noncompliance with the provisions of Section 10.3), and 
 (B) no later than two Business Days after the delivery of the financial information described in clause (A), a comparison of the financial information described in clause (A) to that in the Projections 
 (iv) no later than two Business Days after the delivery of the financial statements of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 10.1(a), a Compliance Certificate 
 (A) stating that an Authorized Officer of Intermediate Holdings has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and has made or caused to be made under his or her supervision a review of the condition and operations of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries during the period covered by such financial statements with a view to determining whether Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries were in compliance with all of the provisions of this Agreement and such Loan Documents at the times such compliance is required hereby and thereby, and that such review has not disclosed, and such Authorized Officer has no knowledge of, the occurrence and continuance during such period of an Event of Default or Default or, if an Event of Default or Default had occurred and continued or is continuing, describing the nature and period of existence thereof and the action which Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries propose to take or have taken with respect thereto, 

(B) in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 10.1(a), (1) attaching a schedule showing the calculation of the financial covenants specified in Section 10.3, (2) a calculation of the Liquidity of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such month, in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders, showing compliance with Section 10.3(c) and (3) including a discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the portion of the Fiscal Year then elapsed and discussing the reasons for any significant variations from the Projections for such period and commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, the figures for the corresponding period in the previous Fiscal Year, and 
 (C) in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by (X) clause (iii) of this Section 10.1(a), attaching an updated Perfection Certificates delivered on May 27, 2022, or the date of the most recently updated Perfection Certificate (if applicable), attaching a summary of all material insurance coverage maintained as of the date thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and evidence that such insurance meets the requirements set forth in Section 10.1(h) and the other Loan Documents (or stating that there has been no change in the information most recently provided pursuant to this clause (C)), together with such other related documents and information as the Required Lenders may reasonably require 

(v) as soon as available and in any event within 10 days after the end of each fiscal month of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending after May 27, 2022, reports in form and detail satisfactory to the Lenders and certified by an Authorized Officer of Intermediate Holdings as being accurate and complete (but subject to final balance sheet adjustments) (A) listing all Accounts of the Loan Parties as of such day, which shall include the amount and age of each such Account, showing separately those which are more than 30, 60, 90 and 120 days old and a description of all Liens, set-offs, defenses and counterclaims with respect thereto, together with a reconciliation of such schedule with the schedule delivered to the Agents pursuant to this clause (v)(A) for the immediately preceding fiscal month, the name and mailing address of each Account Debtor with respect to each such Account and such other information as any Agent at the request of the Required Lenders may request, and (B listing all accounts payable of the Loan Parties as of each such day which shall include the amount and age of each such account payable, the name and mailing address of each account creditor and such other information as any Agent may request at the request of the Required Lenders, and (C listing all Inventory of the Loan Parties as of each such day, and containing a breakdown of such Inventory by type and amount, the cost and the current market value thereof (by location), the date of acquisition, the warehouse and production facility location and such other information as any Agent may request at the request of the Required Lenders, all in detail and in form satisfactory to the Required Lenders 
 (vi) (A) on or prior to the date that the payment required under Section 2.03(b)(w) of the New Senior Credit Agreement (together with all other Obligations required to be paid in connection with any such prepayment) has been received by the lenders party thereto, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second and fourth Friday of each fiscal month (or if such day is not a Business Day, then the next preceding Business Day) commencing with March 10, 2023, and (B) anytime thereafter, as soon as available and in any event within 10 days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, in each case, reports in form and detail satisfactory to the Lenders, and certified by an Authorized Officer of Intermediate Holdings as being accurate and complete (but subject to final balance sheet adjustments), listing all accounts payable of the Loan Parties as of each such day which shall include the amount and age of each such account payable, the name and mailing address of each account creditor and such other information as any Lender may request 

vi vii as soon as available and in any event not later than 60 days prior to the end of each Fiscal Year (or in the case of the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, on or prior to November 30, 2022) , a certificate of an Authorized Officer of Ultimate Holdings (A) attaching Projections for Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries, supplementing and superseding the Projections previously required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement, prepared on a monthly basis and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, for the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year for Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries and (B) certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in Article IX are true and correct with respect to the Projections 
 vii viii promptly after submission to any Governmental Authority, all documents and information furnished to such Governmental Authority in connection with any investigation of any Loan Party other than (A) routine inquiries by such Governmental Authority and (B) inquiries made in the normal course of business 
 viii ix as soon as possible, and in any event within three (3) days after the occurrence of an Event of Default or Default or the occurrence of any event or development that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the written statement of an Authorized Officer of Intermediate Holding setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default or other event or development having a Material Adverse Effect and the action which the affected Loan Party proposes to take with respect thereto 
 ix x as soon as possible and in any event (A) within five (5) Business Days after a Loan Party has knowledge of the occurrence (or future occurrence) of any ERISA Event, notice of such ERISA Event (in reasonable detail), and (B) within ten (10) Business Days after the filing thereof with the Internal Revenue Service, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to any Pension Plan, and (C) within ten (10) Business Days after any Loan Party sends notice of a plant closing or mass layoff (as defined in WARN) to employees, copies of each such notice sent by such Loan Party 
 x xi promptly after the commencement thereof but in any event not later than five (5) days after service of process with respect thereto on, or the obtaining of knowledge thereof by, any Loan Party, notice of each action, suit or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority or other regulatory body or any arbitrator, in which the amount of damages claimed is US 600,000 (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies) or more in the aggregate for all such actions, suits or proceedings 
 xi xii as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after execution, receipt or delivery thereof, copies of any material notices that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with any Material Contract 

xii xiii as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after execution, receipt or delivery thereof, copies of any material notices that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with the sale or other Disposition of the Equity Interests of, or all or substantially all of the assets of, any Loan Party 
 xiii xiv as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after the delivery thereof to Ultimate Holdings Board of Directors, copies of all reports or other information so delivered in connection with a meeting of such Board of Directors (other than any such reports or other information that are subject to attorney-client or other legal privilege) provided that all such reports and other information is subject to Section 15.9 
 xiv xv promptly after (A) the sending or filing thereof, copies of all statements, reports and other information any Loan Party sends to any holders of its Indebtedness or its securities or files with the SEC or any national (domestic or foreign) securities exchange (including, without limitation, any statements, reports, filings, agreements, or other information that relate to any Equity Issuance) and (B) the receipt thereof, a copy of any material notice received from any holder of its Indebtedness 
 xv xvi promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all financial reports (including, without limitation, management letters), if any, submitted to any Loan Party by its auditors in connection with any annual or interim audit of the books thereof 
 xvi xvii promptly upon request, any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its sole discretion, confirming Intermediate Holdings compliance with Section 10.2(r) 
 xvii xviii reserved 
 xviii xix simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 10.1(a), if, as a result of any change in accounting principles and policies from those used in the preparation of the financial statements that is permitted by Section 10.2(q), the consolidated financial statements of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 10.1(a) will differ from the consolidated financial statements that would have been delivered pursuant to such subdivisions had no such change in accounting principles and policies been made, then, together with the first delivery of such financial statements after such change, one or more statements of reconciliation for all such prior financial statements in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders 
 xix xx (A) on or prior to the date that the payment required under Section 2.03(b)(w) of the New Senior Credit Agreement (together with all other Obligations required to 

be paid in connection with any such prepayment) has been received by the lenders party thereto, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second and fourth Friday of each fiscal month (or if such day is not a Business Day, then the next preceding Business Day) commencing with March 10, 2023, and (B) anytime thereafter, as soon as available , and in any event within three (3) Business Days 10 days after the end of each fiscal month of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries, (1) in each case, a calculation of the Liquidity of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such month, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and 2) B)(1) as soon as available, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, a 13-week cash flow forecast of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders Agents (the 13-Week Cash Flow and B 2 if the Liquidity of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries is less than 8,400,000 7,000,000 at any time during a week, then commencing on Wednesday of the following week and for every week thereafter until the Liquidity of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for each day in the prior week is greater than 8,400,000, (1) a calculation of the Liquidity of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the preceding week in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and (2) 7,000,000, a 13-Week Cash Flow and 
 (xxi) as soon as possible and in any event within one day after receipt thereof by any Loan Party, copies of any reports or other work product prepared by the Financial Advisor or the Operational Advisor and 
 xx xxii promptly upon request, such other information concerning the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of any Loan Party (including, without limitation, any Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance information) as any Lender may from time to time may reasonably request. 
 (b) Additional Borrowers, Guarantors and Collateral Security . Cause 
 (i) each Subsidiary of any Loan Party not in existence on May 27, 2022 (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary and or any Excluded Foreign Subsidiary), to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent promptly and in any event within 30 days after the formation, acquisition or change in status thereof, (A) a Joinder Agreement, pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall be made a party to this Agreement as a Borrower or Guarantor, (B) a supplement to the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, together with (1) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of any Person owned by such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, (2) undated stock powers for such Equity Interests executed in blank with signature guaranteed, and (3) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent at the request of the Required Lenders may reasonably request, (C) to the extent required under the terms of this Agreement, one or more Mortgages creating on the real property of such Subsidiary a perfected, first priority Lien (in terms of priority, subject only to Permitted 

Liens) on such real property and such other Real Property Deliverables as may be required by the Collateral Agent at the request of the Required Lenders with respect to each such real property, and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent at the Request of the Required Lenders in order to create, perfect, establish the first priority of or otherwise protect any Lien purported to be covered by any such Guaranty and Collateral Agreement or a Mortgage or otherwise to effect the intent that such Subsidiary shall become bound by all of the terms, covenants and agreements contained in the Loan Documents and that all property and assets of such Subsidiary shall become Collateral for the Obligations and 
 (ii) each owner of the Equity Interests of any such Subsidiary to execute and deliver promptly and in any event within 30 days after the formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary a Pledge Amendment (as defined in the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement), together with (A) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, (B) undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of assignment for such Equity Interests executed in blank, (C) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents requested by the Collateral Agent. 
 (c) Compliance with Laws Payment of Taxes . 
 (i) Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Requirements of Law, judgments and awards (including any settlement of any claim that, if breached, could give rise to any of the foregoing). 
 (ii) Pay, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay, in full before delinquency or before the expiration of any extension period, all Taxes imposed upon any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except (i) unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount at any one time not in excess of US 300,000, and (ii) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP. 
 (d) Preservation of Existence, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) Keeping of Records and Books of Account . Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, adequate records and books of account, with complete entries made to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 (f) Inspection Rights . Permit, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to permit, the agents and representatives of any Lender at any time and from time to time during normal business hours and with reasonable notice to Intermediate Holdings, at the expense of Intermediate Holdings, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from its records and books of account, to visit and inspect its properties, to verify materials, leases, notes, accounts receivable, deposit accounts and its other assets, to conduct audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals or examinations and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with any of its directors, officers, managerial employees, independent accountants or any of its other representatives. In furtherance of the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby authorizes its independent accountants, and the independent accountants of each of its Subsidiaries, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of such Person (independently or together with representatives of such Person) with the agents and representatives of any Lender in accordance with this Section 10.1(f). 
 (g) Maintenance of Properties, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder, except to the extent the failure to so maintain and preserve or so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (h) Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, cyber, hazard, flood, rent, worker s compensation and business interruption insurance) with respect to the Collateral and its other properties (including all real property leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering such risks as is (i) carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated, (ii) required by any Requirement of Law, (iii) required by any Material Contract and (iv) in any event in amount, adequacy and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 (i) Obtaining of Permits, Etc. Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations that are necessary 

or useful in the proper conduct of its business, in each case, except to the extent the failure to obtain, maintain, preserve or take such action could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (j) Environmental . 
 (i) Keep the Collateral free of any Environmental Lien 
 (ii) Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all Environmental Permits that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits 
 (iii) Take all commercially reasonable steps to prevent any Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials in violation of any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit at, in, on, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries 
 (iv) Provide the Collateral Agent with written notice within ten (10) days of any of the following (A) discovery of any Release of a Hazardous Material or environmental condition at, in, on, under or from any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party, Subsidiary or predecessor in interest or any violation of Environmental Law or Environmental Permit that in any case could reasonably be expected to result in any material Environmental Claim or Environmental Liability (B) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against any Collateral or (C) an Environmental Claim or Environmental Liabilities and provide such reports, documents and information as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 (k) Fiscal Year . Cause the Fiscal Year of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries to end on December 31 of each calendar year unless the Required Lenders consent to a change in such Fiscal Year (and appropriate related changes to this Agreement). 
 (l) Landlord Waivers Collateral Access Agreements . At any time any Collateral with a book value in excess of US 300,000 (when aggregated with all other Collateral at the same location) is located on any real property of a Loan Party located in the United States (whether such real property is now existing or acquired after May 27, 2022) which is not owned by a Loan Party, or is stored on the premises of a bailee, warehouseman, or similar party, use its best efforts to obtain written subordinations or waivers or collateral access agreements, as the case may be, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders. 

(m) After Acquired Real Property . Upon the acquisition by it or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof of any interest (whether fee or leasehold) in any real property (wherever located) (each such interest being a New Facility with a Current Value (as defined below) in excess of US 600,000 in the case of a fee interest immediately so notify the Lenders, setting forth with specificity a description of the interest acquired, the location of the real property, any structures or improvements thereon and either an appraisal or such Loan Party s good-faith estimate of the current value of such real property (for purposes of this Section, the Current Value ). The Lenders shall notify such Loan Party whether they intend to require a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables or landlord s waiver (pursuant to Section 10.1(l) hereof) with respect to such New Facility. Upon receipt of such notice requesting a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables) or landlord s waiver, the Person that has acquired such New Facility shall promptly furnish the same to the Collateral Agent. Intermediate Holdings shall pay all fees and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, and all title insurance charges and premiums, in connection with each Loan Party s obligations under this Section 10.1(m). 
 (n) Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws Sanctions . 
 (i) Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 (ii) Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions. 
 (iii) Neither Loan Party nor, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee or any Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party will engage in any activity that would breach any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 (iv) Promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any action, suit or investigations by any court or Governmental Authority in relation to an alleged breach of the Anti-Corruption Law. 
 (v) Not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of any Loan for any purpose that would breach any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 (vi) Each Loan Party and Affiliate, officer, employee or director, acting on behalf of the Loan Party is (and will take no action which would result in any such Person not being) in compliance with (A) all applicable OFAC rules and regulations, (B) all applicable United States of America, United Kingdom, United Nations, European Union, German, 

Canadian, Australian and all other reasonable internationally respected national autonomous sanctions, embargos and trade restrictions and (C) all applicable provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act. In addition, none of the activities or business of any Loan Party includes any kind of activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that is subject to any Sanctions. 
 (vii) In order to comply with the know your customer borrower requirements of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, promptly provide to the Administrative Agent upon its reasonable request from time to time (A) information relating to individuals and entities affiliated with any Loan Party that maintain a business relationship with the Administrative Agent, and (B) such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such Loan Party in order to enable the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 (o) Lender Meetings . Upon the request of any Agent or the Required Lenders any Lender (which request , so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, shall not be made more than once during each fiscal quarter and shall not occur until after the earnings call for the most recently ended fiscal quarter a month ), participate in a meeting with the Agents and or the Lenders at Ultimate Holding s corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by Intermediate Holdings and such Agent or the Required Lenders) at such time as may be agreed to by Intermediate Holdings and such Agent or the Required Lenders Lender to discuss the financial condition and , results of operation and key performance indicators of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended fiscal quarter. . Upon the request of any Agent or the Required Lenders, each of the Financial Advisor and or the Operational Advisor will attend and participate in such meetings. The rights of the Lenders under this Section 10.1(o) will survive the repayment or conversion of their Loans, for so long as any other Loans hereunder are outstanding. 
 (p) Board Information Rights . The Lenders shall be timely notified of the time and place of any regular or special meetings (regular meetings shall be held no less than once per quarter) and will be given written notice of all proposed actions to be taken by the Board of Directors (or any relevant committee thereof) of Ultimate Holdings (or its direct or indirect parent holding company) and any of its Subsidiaries at such meeting as if the Lenders were a member thereof. Such notice shall describe in reasonable detail the nature and substance of the matters to be discussed and or voted upon at such meeting (or the proposed actions to be taken by written consent without a meeting). The Lenders shall have the right to, and shall, receive all information provided to the members of the Board of Directors or any similar group performing an executive oversight or similar function (or any relevant committee thereof) of Ultimate Holdings (or its direct or indirect parent holding company) and any of its Subsidiaries in anticipation of or at such meeting (regular or special and whether telephonic or otherwise), in 

addition to copies of the records of the proceedings or minutes of such meeting, when provided to the members other than such information subject to attorney-client or other legal privilege provided that, the Lenders shall keep such materials and information confidential in accordance with Section 15.9 of this Agreement. 
 
 (q) Further Assurances . Take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, at its sole cost and expense, such agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent at the instruction or request of the Required Lenders may require from time to time in order (i) to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) to subject to valid and perfected Liens any of the Collateral or any other property of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, (iii) to establish and maintain the validity and effectiveness of any of the Loan Documents and the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens intended to be created thereby, and (iv) to better assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer and confirm unto each Secured Party the rights now or hereafter intended to be granted to it under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. In furtherance of the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Party (i) authorizes each Agent to execute any such agreements, instruments or other documents in such Loan Party s name and to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in any appropriate filing office, (ii) authorizes each Agent to file any financing statement required hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, in any appropriate filing office without the signature of such Loan Party, and (iii) ratifies the filing of any financing statement, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, filed without the signature of such Loan Party prior to the date hereof. 
 Section 10.2 Negative Covenants. So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing 
 (a) Liens, Etc. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired file or suffer to exist under the Uniform Commercial Code or any Requirement of Law of any jurisdiction, a financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) that names it or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) other than, as to all of the above, Permitted Liens. 

(b) Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist, or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness. 
 (c) Fundamental Changes Dispositions . 
 (i) Wind-up, liquidate or dissolve, or merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any Person, including by means of a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do (or agree to do) any of the foregoing provided, however , that (x) any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party (other than Intermediate Holdings) may be merged into any Loan Party (other than Ultimate Holdings or the Mexican Loan Party), (y) any Wholly Owned Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may be merged into another Wholly Owned Subsidiary of such Loan Party, so long as (A) no other provision of this Agreement would be violated thereby, (B) such Loan Party gives the Agents and Lenders at least 30 days prior written notice of such merger, consolidation or amalgamation accompanied by true, correct and complete copies of all material agreements, documents and instruments relating to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, including, without limitation, the certificate or certificates of merger or amalgamation to be filed with each appropriate Secretary of State (with a copy as filed promptly after such filing), (C) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or after giving effect to such transaction, (D) the Lenders rights in any Collateral, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of any Lien thereon, are not adversely affected by such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, and (E) the surviving Subsidiary, if any, if not already a Loan Party, is joined as a Loan Party hereunder pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and is a party to a Guaranty and Collateral Agreement and the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary is the subject to the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, in each case, which is in full force and effect on the date of and immediately after giving effect to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, and (z) any winding-up, liquidation or dissolution contemplated as a party of Project Thunder may be done so long as (A) no other provision of this Agreement would be violated thereby, (B) such Loan Party gives the Agents and Lenders at least 30 days prior written notice thereof (and provide the Agents copies of any certificate of dissolution as filed promptly after such filing), (C) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or after giving effect to such transaction, (D) the Lenders rights in any Collateral, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of any Lien thereon, are not adversely affected thereby and 
 (ii) Make any Disposition, whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or any part of its business, property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (or agree to do any of the foregoing), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do 

any of the foregoing provided, however , that any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries may make Permitted Dispositions. 
 (d) Change in Nature of Business. Make or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, any change in the nature of its business as conducted on the date hereof. 
 (e) Loans, Advances, Investments, Etc. Make or commit or agree to make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries make or commit or agree to make, any Investment in any other Person except for Permitted Investments. 
 (f) Sale and Leaseback Transactions . Enter into, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, any Sale and Leaseback Transaction. 
 (g) Reserved . 
 (h) Restricted Payments . Make or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make any Restricted Payment other than Permitted Restricted Payments. 
 (i) Federal Reserve Regulations . Permit any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan under this Agreement to be used for any purpose that would cause such Loan to be a margin loan under the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board. 
 (j) Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate, except (i) transactions consummated in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof, and that are fully disclosed to the Agents and Lenders prior to the consummation thereof, if they involve one or more payments by Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of US 120,000 for any single transaction or series of related transactions, (ii) transactions with another Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Party) (iii) transactions permitted by Section 10.2(e) and Section 10.2(h), (iv) sales of Qualified Equity Interests of Ultimate Holdings to Affiliates of Ultimate Holdings not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents and the granting of registration and other customary rights in connection therewith, (v) payments under the New Senior Credit Agreement, and (vi) reasonable and customary director and officer compensation (including bonuses and stock option programs), benefits and indemnification arrangements, in each case approved by the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary. 

(k) Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Subsidiaries . Create or otherwise cause, incur, assume, suffer or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (i) to pay dividends or to make any other distribution on any shares of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) to pay or prepay or to subordinate any Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) to make loans or advances to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) to transfer any of its property or assets to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing provided, however , that nothing in any of clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 10.2(k) shall prohibit or restrict compliance with 
 (A) this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the New Senior Credit Agreement 
 (B) any agreement described on Schedule 7.02(k) to the New Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect on May 27, 2022), or any extension, replacement or continuation of any such agreement provided that, any such encumbrance or restriction contained in such extended, replaced or continued agreement is no less favorable to the Agents and the Lenders than the encumbrance or restriction under or pursuant to the agreement so extended, replaced or continued 
 (C) any applicable law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, applicable currency control laws and applicable state corporate statutes restricting the payment of dividends in certain circumstances) 
 (D) in the case of clause (iv), (1) customary restrictions on the subletting, assignment or transfer of any specified property or asset set forth in a lease, license, asset sale agreement or similar contract for the conveyance of such property or asset and (2) instrument or other document evidencing a Permitted Lien (or the Indebtedness secured thereby) from restricting on customary terms the transfer of any property or assets subject thereto 
 (E) customary restrictions on dispositions of real property interests in reciprocal easement agreements 
 (F) customary restrictions in agreements for the sale of assets on the transfer or encumbrance of such assets during an interim period prior to the closing of the sale of such assets or 
 (G) customary restrictions in contracts that prohibit the assignment of such contract. 

(l) Limitations on Negative Pledges . Enter into, incur or permit to exist, or permit any Subsidiary to enter into, incur or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any agreement, instrument, deed, lease or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or that requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following (i) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by Section 10.2(b) of this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (iii) any customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale or other disposition of assets or of a Subsidiary pending such sale or other disposition provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the assets or Subsidiary to be sold or disposed of and such sale or disposition is permitted hereunder, and (iv) customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment or sublet thereof. 
 (m) Modifications of Indebtedness, Organizational Documents and Certain Other Agreements Etc . 
 (i) Amend, modify or otherwise change (or permit the amendment, modification or other change in any manner of) any of the provisions of any of its or its Subsidiaries Indebtedness or of any instrument or agreement (including, without limitation, any purchase agreement, indenture, loan agreement or security agreement) relating to any such Indebtedness if such amendment, modification or change would shorten the final maturity or average life to maturity of, or require any payment to be made (other than any payment to be made in Equity Interests consisting of common stock) earlier than the date originally scheduled on, such Indebtedness, would increase the interest rate applicable to such Indebtedness, would add any covenant or event of default, would change the subordination provision, if any, of such Indebtedness, or would otherwise be adverse to the Lenders or the issuer of such Indebtedness in any material respect. 
 (ii) except for the Obligations and the Unpaid Taxes, 

(A) make any voluntary or optional payment (including, without limitation, any payment of interest in cash that, at the option of the issuer, may be paid in cash or in kind), prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or other acquisition for value of any of its or its Subsidiaries Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents and the New Senior Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, by way of depositing money or securities with the trustee therefor before the date required for the purpose of paying any portion of such Indebtedness when due), 
 (B) refund, refinance, replace or exchange any other Indebtedness for any such Indebtedness (other than with respect to Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness), 
 (C) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Existing Warrants, any Subordinated Indebtedness, or any Existing Earn-Out Obligations, or 
 (D) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Indebtedness as a result of any asset sale, change of control, issuance and sale of debt or equity securities or similar event, or give any notice with respect to any of the foregoing 
 provided , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
 (1) so long as, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase (x) the First Lien Leverage Ratio of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries does not exceed 2.50 to 1.00 (in the case of clause (y) below, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the related Equity Issuance and the application of the proceeds thereof), (y) Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries are in compliance of each of the financial covenants contained in Section 10.3, and (z) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments, prepayments, repayments, repurchases or redemptions of 
 (x) the Existing Warrants in an aggregate amount not to exceed 3,000,000, and 

(y) so long as such payment, prepayment, repayment, repurchase or redemption is made solely with the Net Cash Proceeds of any Equity Issuance, (i) the AN Extend Earn-Out or (ii) any Subordinated Indebtedness, in each case, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 25 of the Net Cash Proceeds of such Equity Issuance (after giving effect to any mandatory prepayment hereunder), 
 (2) so long as, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase (x) the First Lien Leverage Ratio of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries does not exceed 3.20 to 1.00, (y) Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries are in compliance of each of the financial covenants contained in Section 10.3, and (z) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments of the Deferred Monroe Fees, 
 (3) the Existing Warrants, Subordinated Debt and Existing Earn-Out Obligations may be paid or prepaid solely with Equity Interests of Ultimate Holdings (and not in cash), and 
 (4) payments of the Exitus Renewal Fee . (which has been paid), 
 (5) so long as, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Reference Subordination Agreement, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments under the Exitus Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,000,000, and 
 (6) so long as, (x) immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and (y) prior to any such payments, the Loan Parties shall have made the payments required under, on the dates and in the amounts provided in Section 2.03(b)(w) and (x) of the New Senior Credit Agreement, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Reference Subordination Agreement, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments under the Exitus Indebtedness after June 15, 2023, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,580,000. 

(iii) amend, modify or otherwise change any of its Governing Documents (including, without limitation, by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation, or any agreement or arrangement entered into by it) with respect to any of its Equity Interests (including any shareholders agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to any of its Equity Interests, except any such amendments, modifications or changes or any such new agreements or arrangements pursuant to this clause (iii) that either individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect provided that no such amendment, modification or change or new agreement or arrangement shall provide for any plan of division pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (or any similar statute or provision under applicable law) or 
 (iv) agree to any amendment, modification or other change to or waiver of any of its rights under any Material Contract if such amendment, modification, change or waiver would be materially adverse to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the Agents and the Lenders. 
 Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, and in any event subject to the Reference Subordination Agreement, each Loan Party shall not make any voluntary or optional payment or prepayment of any of its or its Subsidiaries Subordinated Indebtedness, except if the aggregate cash available to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries to make such payment or prepayment is applied on a pro rata basis to prepay the Loans and such other Subordinated Indebtedness (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans and such other Subordinated Indebtedness at the time of such payment). 
 
 (n) Investment Company Act of 1940 . Engage in any business, enter into any transaction, use any securities or take any other action or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing, that would cause it or any of its Subsidiaries to become subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, by virtue of being an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company not entitled to an exemption within the meaning of such Act. 
 (o) ERISA . (i) Cause or fail to prevent, or permit any of its ERISA Affiliates to cause or fail to prevent, an ERISA Event that individually or in the aggregate has, or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) adopt any employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA that provides benefits to employees after termination of employment other than as required by Section 601 of ERISA or other Requirements of Law. 

(p) Environmental . Permit the use, handling, generation, storage, treatment, Release or disposal of Hazardous Materials on, in, at, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by it or any of its Subsidiaries, except in compliance with Environmental Laws. 
 (q) Accounting Methods . Modify or change, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to modify or change, its method of accounting or accounting principles from those utilized in the preparation of the financial statements (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP). 
 (r) Sanctioned Persons Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws . 
 (i) Conduct, nor permit any of its Subsidiaries to conduct, any business or engage in any transaction or deal with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, including the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to, from or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or 
 (ii) Use, nor permit any of its Subsidiaries to use, directly or indirectly, any of the proceeds of any Loan, (A) to fund any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any other manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any Person (including by any Person participating in any Loan, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise), or (B) for the purpose of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 (s) Accounts Payable . On and after the date that is 45 days after May 27, 2022, have Have , or permit any of its Subsidiaries to have, any accounts payable that are more than 60 days past due in an aggregate amount greater than or equal to (i) at any time on or prior to March 24, 2023, 6,000,000, (ii) at any time after March 24, 2023 but on or prior to April 15, 2023, 3,600,000 and (iii) at any time thereafter, 1,560,000. 
 Section 10.3 Financial Covenants. So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing 
 (a) Revenue . Permit Revenue of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below to be less than the amount set forth opposite such date 

Fiscal Month End Revenue June 30, 2022 U.S. 130,000,000 120,000,000 
 September 30, 2022 U.S. 130,000,000 120,000,000 
 December 31, 2022 U.S. 130,000,000 120,000,000 
 March 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter U.S. 130,000,000 120,000,000 

(b) First Lien Leverage Ratio . Permit the First Lien Leverage Ratio for any period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for ending on the which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below to be greater than the ratio set forth opposite such date 

Fiscal Quarter End First Lien Leverage Ratio December March 31, 2022 2023 
 4.80 7.65 1.00 
 April 30, 2023 7.92 1.00 March May 31, 2023 
 4.50 7.44 1.00 
 June 30, 2023 7.20 1.00 July 31, 2023 6.34 1.00 August 31, 2023 5.41 1.00 September 30, 2023 4.94 1.00 October 31, 2023 4.20 1.00 November 30, 2023 3.77 1.00 December 31, 2023 5.56 1.00 June 30, 2023 January 31, 2024 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter 
 4.20 1.00 
 
 (c) Liquidity . Permit Liquidity to be less than US (i) less than 3,000,000 800,000 at any time on and after the date that is ten (10) Business Days after May 27, 2022 or prior to March 24, 2023, (ii) less than 1,600,000 at any time after March 24, 2023 but on or prior to April 15, 2023 and (iii) less than 5,600,000 at any time thereafter . 
 (d) LTM EBITDA. Unless the Loan Parties shall have made the payments (in the principal amounts required thereunder) pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(w) of the New Senior Credit Agreement (together with all other Obligations required to be paid in connection with any such prepayment) on or prior to April 15, 2023, each Loan Party shall not permit the Consolidated EBITDA of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of Ultimate Holdings and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below to be less than the amount set forth opposite such date 

Fiscal Month End Consolidated EBITDA March 31, 2023 7,962,400 April 30, 2023 7,701,600 May 31, 2023 8,190,400 June 30, 2023 8,485,600 July 31, 2023 9,618,400 August 31, 2023 11,244,000 September 30, 2023 12,332,000 October 31, 2023 14,493,600 November 30, 2023 16,179,200 December 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 10,965,600 
 
 ARTICLE XI RESERVED 
 
 ARTICLE XII EFFECTIVENESS CONDITIONS OF LENDING, ETC. 
 The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of each Lender to make its Loans is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent by no later than 5 00 p.m. (Mexico City Time) on November 29, 2021 
 Section 12.1 Credit Extension. The effectiveness of this Agreement, and the obligation of the Lenders to make the Loans, are, in addition to the conditions precedent specified in 

Section 12.2 subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, it being agreed that the request by Borrower Representative for the making of the Loans on the Closing Date will be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by Borrowers that the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 12.1 will be satisfied at the time of the making of those Loans (unless waived in writing by the Required Lenders) 
 12.1.1 Agreement, Notes and other Loan Documents . Administrative Agent has received the following, each duly executed and effective as of the Closing Date (or any earlier date satisfactory to the Required Lenders), in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion (a) this Agreement, and (b) the Notes made payable to each applicable Lender. 
 12.1.2 Authorization Documents . For each Loan Party, Administrative Agent has received the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion (a) that Person s charter (or similar formation document), certified by the appropriate Governmental Authority, (b) good standing certificates in that Person s state of incorporation (or formation) and in each other state in which that Person is qualified to do business if reasonably requested by the Required Lenders, (c) that Person s bylaws (or similar governing document), (d) except for each Mexican Loan Party, resolutions of its board of directors (or similar governing body) approving and authorizing that Person s execution, delivery, and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is party and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (e) signature and incumbency certificates of that Person s officers and or managers executing any of the Loan Documents (which certificates Administrative Agent and each Lender may conclusively rely on until formally advised by a like certificate of any changes in any such certificate), all certified by its secretary or an assistant secretary (or similar officer) as being in full force and effect without modification. 
 12.1.3 Consents, etc. Administrative Agent has received certified copies of all documents evidencing any necessary company action, consents and governmental approvals (if any) required for the execution, delivery, and performance by the Loan Parties of the documents referred to in this Section 12 , each in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders. 
 12.1.4 Letter of Direction . Administrative Agent has received a Funds Flow Memorandum containing funds flow information with respect to the proceeds of the Loans on the Closing Date, duly executed and dated on or prior the Closing Date. 
 12.1.5 Opinions of Counsel . Administrative Agent has received opinions of New York and Mexican counsel for each Loan Party, each duly executed and dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

12.1.6 Payment of Fees . Administrative Agent has received evidence of payment by Borrowers of all accrued and unpaid fees, costs, and expenses to the extent then due and payable on the Closing Date (including, without limitation, fees under the Agents Fee Letter), together with all Attorney Costs of Administrative Agent and the Lenders to the extent invoiced prior to the Closing Date, plus all additional amounts of Attorney Costs that constitute Administrative Agent s and Lender s reasonable estimate of Attorney Costs incurred or to be incurred by Administrative Agent and the Lenders through the closing proceedings (but no such estimate will preclude a final settling of accounts between Borrowers and Administrative Agent and between Borrowers and the Lenders in respect of those Attorney Costs). 
 12.1.7 Solvency Certificate . Administrative Agent has received a solvency certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion, executed by a Senior Officer of the Borrower Representative. 
 12.1.8 Search Results Lien Terminations . Administrative Agent has received certified copies of Uniform Commercial Code search reports dated a date reasonably near to the Closing Date, listing all effective financing statements which name any Loan Party organized under the laws of any state of the United States (under their present names and any previous names) as debtors, together with copies of all such financing statements. 
 12.1.9 Closing Certificate . Administrative Agent has received a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion executed by a Senior Officer of Borrower Representative on behalf of Borrowers certifying the matters set forth in Sections 12.1 and 12.2 as of the Closing Date. 
 12.1.10 No Material Adverse Change . There has not occurred since December 31, 2020, any developments or events that, individually or in the aggregate with any other circumstances, has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 12.1.11 Process Agent . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders, that (i) each Mexican Loan Party has irrevocably appointed the Process Agent for a period ending one year after the Maturity Date, (ii) the Process Agent has accepted such appointment, and (iii) all fees in connection therewith have been paid for the entire term of the appointment. 
 12.1.12 Other . The Lenders have received all other documents identified on that certain closing checklist prepared by counsel to the Lenders for the transactions contemplated hereby and all other documents reasonably requested by the Lenders. 
 The parties hereto hereby agree and acknowledge that the Closing Date has not occurred as of the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, 

Section 13.1(q) , Section 14 , and Sections 15.5 , 15.8 , 15.17 , 15.18 and 15.19 shall be deemed effective as of the date of this Agreement, upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of duly executed counterparts by the parties hereto. 
 Section 12.2 Conditions Precedent to all Loans. The obligation of each Lender to make each of the Loans, is subject to the following further conditions precedent that 
 12.2.1 Compliance with Warranties No Default . Both before and after giving effect to any borrowing of the Loans the following shall be true and correct 
 (a) the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (unless any such representation or warranty is by its terms qualified by concepts of materiality, in which that representation or warranty is true and correct in all respects) with the same effect as if then made (except to the extent stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case that representation or warranty is true and correct in all material respects or in all respects, as applicable, as of that earlier date) and 
 (b) no Default or Event of Default shall have then occurred and be continuing or would result from such borrowing. 
 12.2.2 Confirmatory Certificate . If requested by any Agent or any Lender, Administrative Agent has received (in sufficient counterparts to provide one to Administrative Agent and each Lender) a certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized representative of Borrower Representative as to the matters set out in Section 12.2.1 (it being understood that each request by Borrower Representative for the making of a Loan will be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by Borrowers that the conditions precedent set forth in Section 12.2.1 will be satisfied at the time of the making of that Loan), together with such other documents as any Agent or any Lender may reasonably request in support thereof. 
 12.2.3 Ratification and Authorization Documents . Process Agent Power of Attorney . For each Mexican Loan Party, Administrative Agent has received the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their discretion (a) resolutions adopted by its partners or shareholders and or of its board of directors (or similar governing body), approving, authorizing and further ratifying that Person s execution, delivery, and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is party and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (b) the public deed evidencing that such Mexican Loan Party has granted a Mexican law irrevocable special power of attorney for lawsuits and collections poder especial irrevocable para pleitos y cobranzas before a Mexican notary public in favor of the Process Agent. 

ARTICLE XIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND THEIR EFFECT 
 Section 13.1 Events of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (each, an Event of Default 
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay, when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), (i) any interest on any Loan, or any fee, indemnity or other amount payable under this Agreement (other than any portion thereof constituting principal of the Loans) or any other Loan Document, and such failure continues for a period of five (5) Business Days or (ii) all or any portion of the principal of the Loans. 
 (b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or by any officer of the foregoing under or in connection with any Loan Document or under or in connection with any certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant to any Loan Document shall have been incorrect in any material respect (or in any respect if such representation or warranty is qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof) when made or deemed made 
 (c) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in (i) Section 10.1(a), 10.1(b), Section 10.1(c), Section 10.1(d), Section 10.1(f), Section 10.1(h), Section 10.1(k), Section 10.1(m), Section 10.1(o), Section 10.2, Section 10.3, or (ii) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in any Collateral Document to which it is a party and such failure, in the case of this clause (c)(ii) shall remain unremedied for two (2) Business Days 
 (d) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document to be performed or observed by it and, except as set forth in subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 13.1, such failure, if capable of being remedied, shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of the date a senior officer of any Loan Party has knowledge of such failure and the date written notice of such default shall have been given by any Agent to such Loan Party 
 (e) (i) Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) any principal, interest or other amount payable in respect of Indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement), which Indebtedness is in an aggregate amount at least equal to US 600,000, and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness, or any other default under any 

agreement or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness, or any other event, shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness or any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof 
 (f) Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries (i) shall institute any proceeding or voluntary case seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, (ii) shall be generally not paying its debts as such debts become due or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, (iii) shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iv) shall take any action to authorize or effect any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (f) 
 (g) any proceeding shall be instituted against Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, and either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 30 days (or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, 60 days) or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against any such Person or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur 
 (h) any material provision of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party intended to be a party thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Loan Party that is party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Loan Party or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Loan Party shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document 

(i) any Collateral Document or any other security document, after delivery thereof pursuant hereto, shall for any reason fail or cease to create a valid and perfected and, except to the extent permitted by the terms hereof or thereof, first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on any Collateral purported to be covered thereby 
 (j) one or more judgments, orders or awards (or any settlement of any litigation or other proceeding that, if breached, could result in a judgment, order or award) for the payment of money exceeding 600,000 in the aggregate (except to the extent fully covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has been notified and has not denied coverage) shall be rendered against Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries and remain unsatisfied and (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon any such judgment, order, award or settlement or (ii) there shall be a period of 10 consecutive days (or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, a period of 30 consecutive days) after entry thereof during which (A) a stay of enforcement thereof is not be in effect or (B) the same is not vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal 
 (k) Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries is enjoined, restrained or in any way prevented by the order of any court or any Governmental Authority from conducting, or otherwise ceases to conduct for any reason whatsoever, all or any material part of its business for more than 15 days 
 (l) any material damage to, or loss, theft or destruction of, any Collateral, whether or not insured, or any strike, lockout, labor dispute, embargo, condemnation, act of God or public enemy, or other casualty which causes, for more than 15 consecutive days, the cessation or substantial curtailment of revenue producing activities at any facility of any Loan Party, if any such event or circumstance could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (m) the loss, suspension or revocation of, or failure to renew, any license or permit now held or hereafter acquired by Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, if such loss, suspension, revocation or failure to renew could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (n) the indictment, or the threatened indictment of Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any senior officer thereof under any criminal statute, or commencement or threatened commencement of criminal or civil proceedings against Ultimate Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any senior officer thereof, pursuant to which statute or proceedings the penalties or remedies sought or available include forfeiture to any Governmental Authority of any material portion of the 

property of Ultimate Holdings or any such Subsidiary or any property that such senior officer holds in his or her capacity as an officer 
 (o) (i) there shall occur one or more ERISA Events that individually or in the aggregate results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in excess of 600,000, or (ii) there exists any fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4068 of ERISA upon the property or rights to property of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates 
 (p) (i) there shall occur and be continuing any Event of Default (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in the documents evidencing or governing the New Senior Credit Agreement or any Subordinated Indebtedness, (ii) any holder of Subordinated Indebtedness shall fail to perform or comply with any Subordination Agreement applicable thereto, or (iii) the Subordination Agreement with respect to any Subordinated Indebtedness shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable Subordinated Indebtedness or 
 (q) a Change of Control shall have occurred 
 then, and in any such event, the Collateral Agent shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, (i) terminate or reduce all Commitments, whereupon all Commitments shall immediately be so terminated or reduced, (ii) other than with respect to the Event of Default under Section 13.1(e) occurring solely as a result of the Loan Parties failure to pay the principal payments required under the Exitus Indebtedness (but only for so long as the lenders under the Exitus Indebtedness have not accelerated or otherwise begun to exercise remedies with respect to such Exitus Indebtedness), declare all or any portion of the Loans then outstanding to be accelerated and due and payable, whereupon all or such portion of the aggregate principal of all Loans, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall become due and payable immediately, together with the payment of the interest, if any, with respect to the Commitments so terminated and the Loans so repaid, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Loan Party and (iii) exercise any and all of its other rights and remedies under applicable law, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents provided , however , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in subsection (f) or (g) of this Section 13.1 with respect to any Loan Party, without any notice to any Loan Party or any other Person or any act by any Agent or any Lender, all Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Loans then outstanding, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts due under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, interest, if any, shall be accelerated and become due and payable 

automatically and immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by each Loan Party. 
 Section 13.2 Cure Right. In the event that Ultimate Holdings fails to comply with the requirements of the financial covenant set forth in Section 10.3(a) or 10.3(b), during the period from the date that is 60 days prior to and until the expiration of the 10th Business Days after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered with respect to the applicable fiscal quarter hereunder, Ultimate Holdings shall have the right to (a) issue Permitted Cure Equity for cash or otherwise receive cash contributions to the capital of Ultimate Holdings or (b) incur Additional Second Lien Indebtedness, and to have all of such cash contributions and Additional Second Lien Indebtedness deemed, for purposes of said Sections, to be both Revenue and EBITDA for such fiscal quarter (and for the avoidance of doubt, only for such fiscal quarter), including for purposes of calculating compliance with such Sections as of the last day of any subsequent fiscal quarter (the Cure Right provided that (i) such proceeds are actually received by Ultimate Holdings during the period from the date that is 60 days prior to and until the expiration of the 10th Business Days after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered with respect to such fiscal quarter hereunder, (ii) the Cure Right shall not be exercised more than five (5) times during the term of the Loans, (iii) the Cure Right shall not be exercised in consecutive fiscal quarters, (iv) such proceeds shall be applied to prepay Indebtedness of the Loan Parties and (v) each such Permitted Cure Equity or Additional Second Lien Indebtedness shall be designated at the time of issuance or incurrence for application under the Cure Right pursuant to this Section 13.2. If, after giving effect to the treatment of such cash contributions or Additional Second Lien Indebtedness as Revenue and EBITDA, Holdings is in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Sections 10.3(a) and 10.3(b), Holdings shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of each such Section as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply on such date, and the applicable breach or default of such Section 10.3(a) and or Section 10.3(b) that had occurred shall be deemed cured for purposes of this Agreement. The parties hereby acknowledge that this Section may not be relied on for purposes of calculating any financial ratios other than as applicable to Sections 10.3(a) and 10.3(b). 
 ARTICLE XIV AGENCY 
 Section 14.1 Appointment and Authorization. Each Lender hereby irrevocably (subject to Section 14.10 appoints, designates, and authorizes each Agent to take any action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise any powers and perform any duties as are expressly delegated to it, as applicable, by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with all powers as are reasonably incidental 

thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, none of the Agents will have any duty or responsibility except those expressly set forth in this Agreement, nor will any Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations, or liabilities are to be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against such Agent, as applicable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent in this Agreement and in other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, that term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 
 Section 14.2 Reserved . 
 Section 14.3 Delegation of Duties. Each Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or through agents, employees, or attorneys-in-fact and is entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to those duties. No Agent will be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 Section 14.4 Exculpation of Agents. None of the Agents and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents (a) will be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except to the extent resulting from its own gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with its duties expressly set forth in this Agreement as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction), or (b) will be responsible in any manner to any Lender or participant for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Borrower, or any officer thereof, contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement, or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by such Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability, or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (or the creation, perfection, or priority of any Lien or security interest therein), or for any failure of any Borrower or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its Obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Documents. None of the Agents is or will be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or to inspect the properties, books, or records of any of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and Affiliates. 

The duties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to request written instructions, or clarification of any instruction, from the Required Lenders (or, if the relevant Loan Document stipulates the matter is a decision for any other Lender or group of Lenders, from that Lender or group of Lenders) as to whether, and in what manner, it should exercise or refrain from exercising any right, power, authority or discretion and the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may refrain from acting unless and until it receives those written instructions or that clarification. In the absence of written instructions, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, may act (or refrain from acting) as it considers to be in the best interests of the Lenders. 
 The Agents are not obliged to expend or risk their own funds or otherwise 
 incur any financial liability in the performance of their respective duties, obligations or responsibilities or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion if they have grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or indemnity satisfactory to such Agent against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to such Agent. The Agents shall not be responsible in any manner for the validity, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or the Loan Documents or any Collateral delivered, or for the value or collectability of any obligations or other instrument, if any, so delivered, or for any representations made or obligations assumed by any party other than the Agent. The Agents shall not be bound to examine or inquire into or be liable for any defect or failure in the right or title of the grantors to all or any of the assets whether such defect or failure was known to the Agents or might have been discovered upon examination or inquiry and whether capable of remedy or not. 
 
 The Agents shall not be responsible for any unsuitability, inadequacy, expiration or unfitness of any security interest created hereunder or pursuant to any other security documents pertaining to this matter nor shall it be obligated to make any investigation into, and shall be entitled to assume, the adequacy and fitness of any security interest created hereunder or pursuant to any other security document pertaining to this matter. 
 
 The Agents shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it in good faith or for any mistake in act or law, or for anything which it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith, in each case except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 In no event shall any Agent be liable for any indirect, special, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever, including, but not limited to, lost profits, even if such loss or damage was foreseeable or it has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

The Agents shall be entitled to seek written directions from the Required Lenders prior to taking any action under this Agreement, any Collateral instrument or any of the Loan Documents. 
 
 Except with respect to its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, no Agent shall be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any lien or security interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any security document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto. 
 
 No Agent shall have responsibility for or liability with respect to monitoring compliance of any other party to the Loan Documents or any other document related hereto or thereto. The Agents have no duty to monitor the value or rating of any Collateral on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Whenever in the administration of the Loan Documents any Agent shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, such Agent (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, may conclusively rely upon instructions from the Required Lenders. 
 
 Any Agent may request that the Required Lenders or other parties deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 
 Money held by any Agent in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. No Agent shall be under any liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed in writing. 
 
 Beyond the exercise of reasonable care in the custody thereof, no Agent shall have any duty as to any Collateral in its possession or control or in the possession or control of any agent or bailee or any income thereon or as to preservation of rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining thereto and no Agent shall be responsible for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any security interest in the Collateral. Each Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody of the Collateral in its possession if the Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which it accords similar collateral and shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or diminution in the value of any of the Collateral, by reason of the act or omission of any carrier, forwarding agency or other agent or bailee. 

No Agent shall be responsible for the existence, genuineness or value of any of the Collateral or for the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Liens in any of the Collateral, whether impaired by operation of law or by reason of any action or omission to act on its part hereunder, except to the extent such action or omission constitutes gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of such Agent, for the validity or sufficiency of the Collateral or any agreement or assignment contained therein, for the validity of the title to the Collateral, for insuring the Collateral or for the payment of taxes, charges, assessments or Liens upon the Collateral or otherwise as to the maintenance of the Collateral. No Agent shall have any duty to ascertain or inquire as to or monitor the performance or observance of any of the terms of the Loan Documents by any other Person. 
 
 In the event that, following a foreclosure in respect of any Mortgaged property, the Agent acquires title to any portion of such property or takes any managerial action of any kind in regard thereto in order to carry out any fiduciary or trust obligation for the benefit of another, which in such Agent s sole discretion may cause such Agent to be considered an owner or operator under the provisions of CERCLA or otherwise cause such Agent to incur liability under CERCLA or any other Federal, state or local law, such Agent reserves the right, instead of taking such action, to either resign as Agent or arrange for the transfer of the title or control of the asset to a court-appointed receiver. 
 
 Each Agent reserves the right to conduct an environmental audit prior to foreclosing on any real estate Collateral or mortgage Collateral. The Agents reserve the right to forebear from foreclosing in their own name if to do so may expose them to undue risk. 
 
 In no event shall any Agent be responsible or liable for any failure (e) or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, pandemics, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything contrary in any Loan Document, in the event of inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms in this Agreement shall prevail. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in the Loan Documents to the contrary, the Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility for the preparation, filing or recording of any instrument, document or financing statement or for the perfection or maintenance of any security interest created hereunder. 

Section 14.5 Reliance by Agents. Each Agent may rely, and will be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, consent, certificate, electronic mail message, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, statement, or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to Borrowers), independent accountants, and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent will be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless such Agent first receives all advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, confirmation from the Lenders of their obligation to indemnify such Agent against any and all liability and expense which might be incurred by such Agent by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent will in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders and each such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto will be binding upon each Lender. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 12 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement will be deemed to have consented to, approved, or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless any Agent has received written notice from that Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 Section 14.6 Notice of Default. None of the Agents will be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest and fees required to be paid to such Agent for the account of the Lenders, unless such Agent has received written notice from a Lender or a Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing that Event of Default or Default and stating that that notice is a notice of default. Each Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. Each Agent shall take all such actions with respect to each such Event of Default or Default as requested by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 13 , but unless and until such Agent has received any such request, such Agent may (but will not be required to) take any action, or refrain from taking any action, with respect to any Event of Default or Default as such Agent deems advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders. 
 Section 14.7 Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that none of the Agents has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of the Loan Parties, will be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent to any Lender as to any matter, including whether such Agent has disclosed material information in its possession. Each Lender represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon such Agent 

and based on documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition, and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to Borrowers under this Agreement. Each Lender also represents to each Agent that it will, independently and without reliance upon such Agent and based on documents and information as it deems appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals, and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make all investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition, and creditworthiness of Borrowers. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required in this Agreement to be furnished to the Lenders by any Agent, such Agent will not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial or other condition or creditworthiness of any Borrower which may come into the possession of such Agent. 
 Section 14.8 Indemnification. Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated, each Lender shall indemnify upon demand each Agent and its directors, officers, employees and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of Borrowers to do so), according to its applicable Pro Rata Share, from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities, except that no Lender will be liable for any payment to any such Person of any portion of the Indemnified Liabilities to the extent determined by a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the applicable Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct. No action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders will be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 14.8 . Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse each Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs and Taxes) incurred by such Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to in this Agreement, to the extent that such Agent is not reimbursed for any such expenses by or on behalf of Borrowers. The undertaking in this Section 14.8 will survive repayment of the Loans, cancellation of the Notes, any foreclosure under, or modification, release or discharge of, any or all of the Collateral Documents, termination of this Agreement and the resignation or replacement of any Agent. 
 Section 14.9 Agents in their Individual Capacity. Each of the Persons serving as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire Equity Interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business 

with the Loan Parties and Affiliates as though such Person were not an Agent under this Agreement and without notice to or consent of any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that, pursuant to those activities, the Person serving as an Agent or its Affiliates might receive information regarding Borrowers or their Affiliates (including information that is subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of any Borrower or any such Affiliate) and acknowledges that none of the Agents will be under any obligation to provide any such information to them. With respect to their Loans (if any), each of the Persons serving as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though such Person were not an Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders include such Person and its Affiliates, to the extent applicable, in their individual capacities. 
 Section 14.10 Successor Agents. Any may resign as such upon 30 days notice to the Lenders. If any Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall, with (so long as no Event of Default exists) the consent of Borrower Representative (which may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint from among the Lenders a successor Agent for the Lenders. If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of an Agent, such Agent may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and Borrower Representative, a successor agent from among the Lenders. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent under this Agreement, that successor agent will succeed to all the rights, powers, and duties of the retiring Agent and the term Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent , as applicable, will mean that successor agent, and the retiring Agent s appointment, powers and duties as Agent will be terminated. After any retiring Agent s resignation under this Agreement as an Agent, the provisions of this Section 14.10 and Sections 15.5 and 15.17 will inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was an Agent under this Agreement. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as successor agent by the date which is 30 days following a retiring Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Agent s resignation will nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Required Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the retiring Agent under this Agreement until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. 
 Section 14.11 Collateral Matters. Each Lender authorizes and directs Collateral Agent to enter into the Collateral Documents (other than the Mexican Collateral Agreements or the Mexican Collateral Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreements) for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders. Each Lender hereby agrees that, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, any action taken by any Agent or Required Lenders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and the exercise by such Agent or Required Lenders of the powers set forth in this Agreement or therein, together with all other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, will be authorized by, and binding upon, all Lenders. Collateral Agent is hereby authorized on behalf of all Lenders, without the necessity of any 

notice to or further consent from any Lender to take any action with respect to any Collateral (other than Collateral located in Mexico) or Loan Documents (other than the Mexican Collateral Agreements or the Mexican Collateral Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreements) which may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfected the Liens upon the Collateral granted pursuant to this Agreement and the such other Loan Documents. The Lenders irrevocably authorize Collateral Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to do any and all of the following (a) to release any Lien granted to or held by Collateral Agent under any Collateral Document (other than the Mexican Collateral Agreements) (i) upon Payment in Full (ii) upon property sold or to be sold or disposed of as part of or in connection with any disposition permitted under this Agreement (including the release of any Guarantor in connection with any such disposition) or (iii) subject to Section 15.1 if approved in writing by the Required Lenders or (b) to subordinate its interest in any Collateral (other than Collateral located in Mexico) to any holder of a Lien on that Collateral which secures purchase money debt (it being understood that Collateral Agent may conclusively rely on a certificate from Borrower Representative in determining whether the Debt secured by any such Lien is permitted hereunder). Upon request by Collateral Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing Administrative Agent s authority to release, or subordinate its interest in, particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 14.11 . 
 Section 14.12 Restriction on Actions by Lenders. Each Lender shall not, without the express written consent of each Agent, and shall, upon the written request of any Agent (to the extent it is lawfully entitled to do so), set-off against the Obligations, any amounts owing by that Lender to a Loan Party or any deposit accounts of any Loan Party now or hereafter maintained with that Lender. Each Lender shall not, unless specifically requested to do so in writing by each Agent, take or cause to be taken any action, including the commencement of any legal or equitable proceedings, to foreclose any loan or otherwise enforce any security interest in any of the Collateral or to enforce all or any part of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. All enforcement actions under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than the Mexican Collateral Agreements or the Mexican Collateral Amendment and Reaffirmation Agreements) against the Loan Parties or any third party with respect to the Obligations or the Collateral may be taken by only Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders or as otherwise permitted in this Agreement) or by their respective agents at the direction of such Agent. 
 Section 14.13 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. 
 14.13.1 In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition, or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party (including any Insolvency Proceeding), Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan is then due and payable as expressed in this Agreement or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether Administrative Agent 

has made any demand on Borrowers) may, by intervention in any such proceeding or otherwise, do any and all of the following 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and Administrative Agent and its respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and Administrative Agent under Article V , Sections 15.5 and 15.17 allowed in such judicial proceedings and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 14.13.2 Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator, or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make all payments to Administrative Agent and, in the event that Administrative Agent consents to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Administrative Agent under Article V , Sections 15.5 , and 15.17 . 
 14.13.3 Nothing contained in this Agreement will be deemed to authorize Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 Section 14.14 Other Agents Arrangers and Managers. None of the Lenders or other Persons identified on the facing page or signature pages of this Agreement as a syndication agent, documentation agent, co-agent, book manager, lead manager, arranger, lead arranger or co-arranger, if any, has any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility, or duty under this Agreement other than, in the case of any Lender, those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified has or is deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action under this Agreement. 
 Section 14.15 Reserved 
 . 

Section 14.16 Mexican Powers of Attorney. The Administrative Agent agrees that it will not exercise any rights under any power of attorney granted under or in connection with the Mexican Loan Documents unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 ARTICLE XV GENERAL 
 Section 15.1 Waiver Amendments. 
 (a) No amendment, modification, or waiver of, or consent with respect to, any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will be effective unless it is in writing and acknowledged by Lenders having an aggregate Pro Rata Shares of not less than the aggregate Pro Rata Shares expressly designated in this Agreement with respect thereto or, in the absence of any such designation as to any provision of this Agreement, by the Required Lenders. Any amendment, modification, waiver, or consent will be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 
 (b) The Agents Fee Letter may be amended, waived, consented to, or modified by the parties thereto. 
 (c) No amendment, modification, waiver, or consent may extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of that Lender. 
 (d) No amendment, modification, waiver, or consent may extend the date scheduled for payment of any principal (excluding mandatory prepayments) of or interest on the Loans or any fees payable under this Agreement without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby. 
 (e) No amendment, modification, waiver, or consent may reduce the principal amount of any Loan, the rate of interest thereon, or any fees payable under this Agreement without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby. 
 (f) No amendment, modification, waiver, or consent may do any of the following without the written consent of each Lender (i) release any Borrower or any Guarantor from its obligations, other than as part of or in connection with any disposition permitted under this Agreement, (ii) release all or any substantial part of the Collateral granted under the Collateral Documents (except as permitted by Section 14.11 ), (iii) change the definitions of Pro Rata Share or Required Lenders, any provision of this Section 15.1 , or reduce the aggregate Pro Rata Share required to effect an amendment, modification, waiver, or consent. 

(g) No provision of Sections 6.2.2 , 6.3 , or 7.2.2(b) with respect to the timing or application of mandatory prepayments of the Loans may be amended, modified, or waived without the consent of Lenders having a majority of the aggregate Pro Rata Shares of the Loans affected thereby. 
 (h) No provision of Section 14 or other provision of this Agreement affecting any Agent in its capacity as such may be amended, modified, or waived without the consent of such Agent. 
 (i) Reserved 
 (j) Reserved 
 (k) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, modification, waiver or termination requiring the consent of all Lenders, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained but the consent of other Lenders whose consent is required is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is not obtained is referred to as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then, so long as Administrative Agent is not a Non-Consenting Lender, Administrative Agent and or one or more Persons reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent may (but will not be required to) purchase from that Non-Consenting Lender, and that Non-Consenting Lenders shall, upon Administrative Agent s request, sell and assign to Administrative Agent and or any such Person, all of the Loans and Commitments of that Non-Consenting Lender for an amount equal to the principal balance of all such Loans and Commitments held by that Non-Consenting Lender and all accrued interest, fees, expenses, and other amounts then due with respect thereto through the date of sale, which purchase and sale will be consummated pursuant to an executed Assignment Agreement. 
 Section 15.2 Confirmations. Each Borrower and each holder of a Note agree from time to time, upon written request received by it from the other, to confirm to the other in writing (with a copy of each such confirmation to Administrative Agent) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans then outstanding under that Note. 
 Section 15.3 Notices. 
 15.3.1 Generally . Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.2 , all notices under this Agreement must be in writing (including facsimile transmission) and must be sent to the applicable party at its address shown on Annex B or at any other address as the receiving party designates, by written notice received by the other parties, as its address for that purpose. Notices sent by facsimile transmission will be deemed to have been given when sent notices sent by mail will be deemed to have been given three Business Days after the date when sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and notices sent by hand delivery or overnight 

courier service will be deemed to have been given when received. For purposes of Section 2.2 , Administrative Agent will be entitled to rely on written instructions from any person that Administrative Agent in good faith believes is an authorized officer or employee of Borrower Representative, and Borrowers shall hold Administrative Agent and each other Lender harmless from any loss, cost, or expense resulting from any such reliance. 
 15.3.2 Electronic Communications . 
 (a) Notices and other communications to any Lender under this Agreement may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including email and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by Administrative Agent, but the foregoing does not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Section 2.2 if that Lender has notified Administrative Agent and Borrower Representative that it is incapable of receiving notices under Section 2.2 by electronic communication. Administrative Agent or any Loan Party may, in its respective sole discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it under this Agreement by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, and approval of any such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (b) Unless otherwise agreed by the sender and the intended recipient, (i) notices and other communications sent to an email address will be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email, or other written acknowledgement), (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website will be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (i) , of notification that the notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor and (iii) for both clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 15.3.2(b) , any notice, email or other communication that is not sent during the normal business hours of the intended recipient will be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the intended recipient. 
 Section 15.4 Computations. Where the character or amount of any asset or liability or item of income or expense is required to be determined, or any consolidation or other accounting computation is required to be made, for the purpose of this Agreement, that determination or calculation will, to the extent applicable and except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, be made in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, but if Borrower Representative notifies Administrative Agent that Borrowers wish to amend any covenant in Article X (or any related definition) to eliminate or to take into account the effect of any change in GAAP on the operation of that covenant (or if Administrative Agent notifies Borrower Representative that the Required Lenders wish to amend Article X (or any related definition) for that purpose), then Borrowers compliance with that covenant will be determined on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately 

before the relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either the applicable notice under this Section 15.4 is withdrawn or the applicable covenant (or related definition) is amended in a manner satisfactory to Borrowers and the Required Lenders. 
 Section 15.5 Costs, Expenses and Taxes. Each Loan Party, jointly and severally, shall pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of each Agent (including Attorney Costs and Taxes) in connection with the preparation, execution, primary syndication, delivery and administration (including perfection and protection of any Collateral and the costs of IntraLinks (or other similar service), if applicable) of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and all other documents provided for in this Agreement or delivered or to be delivered under or in connection with this Agreement (including any amendment, supplement, or waiver to any Loan Document), whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby are consummated, including, without limitation, all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred pursuant to Section 10.2 , and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs and any Taxes) incurred by any Agent and each Lender after an Event of Default in connection with the collection of the Obligations or the enforcement of this Agreement the other Loan Documents or any such other documents or during any workout, restructuring, or negotiations in respect thereof provided, however , that the Loan Parties shall not be liable for any stamp, documentary, recording, filing or similar Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment of the Loans and Commitments (other than an assignment at the request of a Loan Party). In addition, each Loan Party shall pay, and shall save and hold harmless each Agent and the Lenders from all liability for, any fees of Loan Parties auditors in connection with any reasonable exercise by such Agent and the Lenders of their rights pursuant to Section 10.2 . All Obligations provided for in this Section 15.5 will survive repayment of the Loans, cancellation of the Notes and termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 15.6 Assignments Participations. 
 15.6.1 Assignments . 
 (a) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Persons (any such Person, an Assignee all or any portion of that Lender s Loans and Commitments, with the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and, other than for any assignment to an Eligible Assignee and so long as no Event of Default exists, Borrower Representative (which consent of Borrower Representative may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Except as Administrative Agent otherwise agrees, any such assignment must be in a minimum aggregate amount equal to US 1,000,000 (which minimum will be US 500,000 if the assignment is to an Affiliate of the assigning Lender) or, if less, the remaining Commitment and Loans held by the assigning Lender. Borrowers and Administrative Agent will be entitled to continue to deal solely and directly with the assigning Lender in connection with the interests so assigned to an 

Assignee until Administrative Agent has received and accepted an effective assignment agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit J (an Assignment Agreement executed, delivered, and fully completed by the applicable parties thereto and a processing fee of US 3,500. For so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay to any assignee Lender amounts pursuant to Section 7.6 in excess of the amounts that the Borrowers would have been obligated to pay to the assigning Lender if the assigning Lender had not assigned such Loan to such assignee, unless the circumstances giving rise to such excess payment result from a Change in Law after the date of such assignment. Any attempted assignment not made in accordance with this Section 15.6.1 will be treated as the sale of a participation under Section 15.6.2 . 
 (b) From and after the date on which the conditions described above have been met, (i) the Assignee will be deemed automatically to have become a party to this Agreement and, to the extent that rights and obligations under this Agreement have been assigned to that Assignee pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, will have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and (ii) the assigning Lender, to the extent that rights and obligations under this Agreement have been assigned by it pursuant to that Assignment Agreement, will be released from its rights (other than its indemnification rights) and obligations under this Agreement. Upon the request of the Assignee (and, as applicable, the assigning Lender) pursuant to an effective Assignment Agreement, Borrowers shall execute and deliver to Administrative Agent for delivery to the Assignee (and, as applicable, the assigning Lender) one or more Notes in accordance with Section 3.1 to reflect the amounts assigned to that Assignee and the amounts, if any, retained by the assigning Lender. Each such Note will be dated the effective date of the applicable assignment. Upon receipt by Administrative Agent of any such Note, the assigning Lender shall return to Borrower Representative any applicable prior Note held by it. 
 (c) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of that Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 15.6.1 will not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest. No such pledge or assignment of a security interest will release a Lender from any of its obligations under this Agreement or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for that Lender as a party to this Agreement 
 15.6.2 Participations . Any Lender may at any time sell to one or more Persons participating interests in its Loans, Commitments or other interests under this Agreement (any such Person, a Participant ), but solely to the extent that such Participant is not a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party. In the event of a sale by a Lender of a participating interest to a Participant (a) that Lender s obligations under this Agreement will remain unchanged for all 

purposes, (b) Borrowers and Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with that Lender in connection with that Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, and (c) all amounts payable by Borrowers will be determined as if that Lender had not sold that participation and will be paid directly to that Lender. No Participant will have any direct or indirect voting rights under this Agreement except with respect to any event described in Section 15.1 expressly requiring the unanimous vote of all Lenders or, as applicable, all affected Lenders. Each Lender agrees to incorporate the requirements of the preceding sentence into each participation agreement which that Lender enters into with any Participant. Borrowers agree that if amounts outstanding under this Agreement are due and payable (as a result of acceleration or otherwise), each Participant will be deemed to have the right of set-off in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement, but that right of set-off is subject to the obligation of each Participant to share with the Lenders, and the Lenders shall share with each Participant, as provided in Section 7.5 . Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 7.6 or Article VIII to the same extent as if it were a Lender (but no Participant will be entitled to any greater compensation pursuant to Section 7.6 and Article VIII than would have been paid to the participating Lender on the date of participation if no participation had been sold), and each Participant must comply with Section 7.6.4 as if it were an Assignee. 
 Section 15.7 Register. (a) Administrative Agent shall maintain, and deliver a copy to Borrower Representative upon written request, a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered and accepted by it and register (the Register for the recordation of names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitment of, and principal amount of (and stated interest on) the Loans owing to, each Lender from time to time and whether that Lender is the original Lender or the Assignee. No assignment will be effective unless and until the Assignment Agreement is accepted and registered in the Register. All records of transfer of a Lender s interest in the Register will be conclusive, absent manifest error, as to the ownership of the interests in the Loans. Administrative Agent will not incur any liability of any kind with respect to any Lender with respect to the maintenance of the Register. It is the parties intention that the Loans and Commitments be treated as registered obligations and in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code, and that the right, title, and interest of the Lenders in and to those Loans and Commitments be transferable only in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (b) Each Lender that sells a participation to a Participant shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of each Borrower, maintain at one of its offices a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of each such Participant, and the Commitments of, and principal amount of (and stated interest on) the Loans owing to, such Participant (the Participant Register ), but no Lender will be required to disclose all or any portion of the Participant 

Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Loans, Commitments, or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that disclosure is required to establish that such a participation is in registered form (as described above). The entries in the Participant Register will be conclusive absent manifest error, and the applicable Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of that participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 
 Section 15.8 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 Section 15.9 Confidentiality. As required by federal law and Administrative Agent s policies and practices, Administrative Agent may need to obtain, verify, and record certain customer identification information and documentation in connection with opening or maintaining accounts, or establishing or continuing to provide services. Administrative Agent and each Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts (equivalent to the efforts Administrative Agent or that Lender applies to maintain the confidentiality of its own confidential information) to maintain as confidential all information provided to them by any Loan Party hereunder and designated as confidential, except that Administrative Agent and each Lender may disclose any information as follows (a) to Persons employed or engaged by Administrative Agent or that Lender or that Lender s Affiliates or Approved Funds in evaluating, approving, structuring, or administering the Loans and the Commitments, (b) to any assignee or participant or potential assignee or participant that has agreed to comply with the covenant contained in this Section 15.9 (and any such assignee or participant or potential assignee or participant may disclose any such information to Persons employed or engaged by them as described in clause (a) of this Section 15.9 , (c) as required or requested by any federal or state regulatory authority or examiner, or any insurance industry association, or as reasonably believed by Administrative Agent or that Lender to be compelled by any court decree, subpoena, or legal or administrative order or process, but Administrative Agent or that Lender, as applicable, shall (i) use reasonable efforts to give the applicable Loan Party written notice prior to disclosing the information to the extent permitted by that requirement, request, court decree, subpoena, or legal or administrative order or process, and (ii) disclose only that portion of the confidential information as Administrative Agent or that Lender reasonably believes, or as counsel for Administrative Agent or that Lender, as applicable, advises Administrative Agent or that Lender, that it must disclose pursuant to that requirement, (d) as Administrative Agent or that Lender reasonably believes, or on the advice of Administrative Agent s or that Lender s counsel, is required by law, (e) in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy under the Loan Documents or in connection with any litigation to which Administrative Agent or that Lender is a party, (f) to any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a 

Lender s investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to that Lender, (g) to that Lender s independent auditors and other professional advisors as to which that information has been identified as confidential, or (h) if that information ceases to be confidential through no fault of Administrative Agent or any Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrowers consent to the publication by Administrative Agent or any Lender of a tombstone or similar advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Administrative Agent reserves the right to provide to industry trade organizations information necessary and customary for inclusion in league table measurements. If any provision of any confidentiality agreement, non-disclosure agreement, or other similar agreement between any Borrower and any Lender conflicts with or contradicts this Section 15.9 with respect to the treatment of confidential information, then this Section 15.9 will supersede all such prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings between the parties. 
 Section 15.10 Severability. Whenever possible each provision of this Agreement is to be interpreted so as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, that provision will be ineffective to the extent of that prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of that provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. All obligations of the Loan Parties and rights of the Agents and the Lenders, in each case, expressed in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document are in addition to, and not in limitation of, those provided by applicable law. 
 Section 15.11 Nature of Remedies. All Obligations of the Loan Parties and rights of Agents and the Lenders expressed in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document are in addition to and not in limitation of those provided by applicable law. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power, or privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege under this Agreement will preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege. 
 Section 15.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, embodies the entire agreement and understanding among the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings of all such Persons, verbal or written, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof (except as relates to the fees described in Section 5.1 and any prior arrangements made with respect to the payment by the Loan Parties of (or any indemnification for) any fees, costs, or expenses payable to or incurred (or to be incurred) by or on behalf of the Agents or the Lenders. 
 Section 15.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties on separate counterparts. Each such counterpart will be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts will together constitute but one and the same 

Agreement. Receipt of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission will constitute effective delivery thereof. Electronic records of executed Loan Documents maintained by the Lenders will be deemed to be originals. 
 Section 15.14 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement binds the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Agents, and their respective successors and assigns and will inure to the benefit of the Loan Parties, the Lenders, and the Agents and the successors and assigns of the Lenders and the Agents. No other Person is or is intended to be a direct or indirect legal beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. No Loan Party may assign or transfer any of its rights or Obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each Agent and each Lender. 
 Section 15.15 Captions. Section captions used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement. 
 Section 15.16 Customer Identification USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender (each for itself and not on behalf of any other party) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that, pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the name and address of the Loan Parties and other information that will allow that Lender to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 Section 15.17 INDEMNIFICATION BY LOAN PARTIES. In consideration of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Agents and the Lenders and the agreement to extend the Commitments provided under this Agreement, each Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify, exonerate, and hold harmless each Agent, each Lender and each of the officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, agents, and Approved Funds of each Agent and each Lender (each, a Lender Party or Indemnitee from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, losses, liabilities, damages, and expenses, including Attorney Costs (collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by the Lender Parties or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any tender offer, merger, purchase of Equity Interests, purchase of assets or other similar transaction financed or proposed to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of any of the Loans (b) the use, handling, release, emission, discharge, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Substance at any property owned or leased by any Loan Party (c) any violation of any Environmental Laws with respect to conditions at any property owned or leased by any Loan Party or the operations conducted thereon (d) the investigation, cleanup or remediation of offsite locations at which any Loan Party or their respective predecessors are alleged to have directly or indirectly disposed of Hazardous Substances or (e) the execution, delivery, performance, or enforcement of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any of the Lender Parties, in each case except for 

any such Indemnified Liabilities arising on account of the applicable Lender Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. If and to the extent that the foregoing undertaking is unenforceable for any reason, each Borrower hereby agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law. All obligations provided for in this Section 15.17 will survive repayment of the Loans, cancellation of the Notes, any foreclosure under, or any modification, release, or discharge of, any or all of the Collateral Documents and termination of this Agreement. This Section 15.17 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent Indemnified Liabilities arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 Section 15.18 Nonliability of Lenders. The relationship between Borrowers on the one hand and the Lenders and the Agents on the other hand is solely that of borrower and lender. Neither any Agent nor any Lender has any fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Loan Party arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between the Loan Parties, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Lenders, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor. Neither any Agent nor any Lender undertakes any responsibility to any Loan Party to review or inform any Loan Party of any matter in connection with any phase of any Loan Party s business or operations. Each Loan Party agrees, on behalf of itself and each other Loan Party, that neither any Agent nor any Lender has any liability to any Loan Party (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by any Loan Party in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to the transactions contemplated and the relationship established by the Loan Documents, or any act, omission, or event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that those losses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party from which recovery is sought. No Lender Party will be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement. No Lender Party will have any liability with respect to, and each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and each other Loan Party, hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue for, any special, punitive, exemplary, indirect, or consequential damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date). Each Loan Party acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. No joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Lenders or among the Loan Parties and the Lenders. 
 Section 15.19 FORUM SELECTION AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. 

(a) Any litigation based hereon, or arising out of, under, or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except for the Mexican Loan Documents, which shall be governed under their own terms), will be brought and maintained exclusively in the courts of the State of New York or in the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York. Each party hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York for the purpose of any such litigation as set forth above and waives any right to any other jurisdiction to which each such party may be entitled to by reason of their present or future domicile or otherwise. 
 (b) Each Mexican Loan Party hereby irrevocably designated and appoints (i) IT Global Holding LLC (the Process Agent ), with an office on the date hereof at 222 Urban Towers, Suite 1650 E, Irving, TX 75039 as its agent and true and lawful attorney-in-fact in its name, place and stead to accept on its behalf service of copies of the summons and complaint and any other process that may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any court referred to in clause (a) and (ii) as its conventional address the address of the Process Agent referred above or any other address notified in writing in the future by the Process Agent to such Loan Party, to receive on its behalf service of all process in any proceedings brought pursuant to the Loan Documents in any court, such service being hereby acknowledged by such Loan Party to be effective and binding service in every respect, and agrees that the failure of the Process Agent to give any notice of any such service of process to it shall not impair or affect the validity of such service or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the enforcement of any judgment based thereon. Each Mexican Loan Party shall maintain such appointment until the satisfaction in full of all Obligations, except that if for any reason the Process Agent appointed hereby ceases to be able to act as such, then each Mexican Loan Party shall, by an instrument reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, appoint another Person in the Borough of Manhattan as such Process Agent subject to the approval of the Required Lenders. Each Mexican Loan Party covenants and agrees that it shall take any and all reasonable action, including the execution and filing of any and all documents, that may be necessary to continue the designation of the Process Agent pursuant to this paragraph in full force and effect and to cause the Process Agent to act as such. 
 (c) Each Loan Party further irrevocably consents to the service of process by registered mail, postage prepaid, or by personal service within or without the State of New York. Each Loan Party hereby expressly and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it now has or hereafter might have to the laying of venue of any such litigation brought in any such court referred to above and any claim that any such litigation has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

Section 15.20 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT, AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, ANY NOTE, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AND ANY AMENDMENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MIGHT IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THEREWITH OR ARISING FROM ANY LENDING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WILL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY . 
 Section 15.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement, or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in that EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 ARTICLE XVI JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY 
 Section 16.1 Joint and Several Liability 
 16.1.1 Each Loan Party and each Person comprising a Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that all of the representations, warranties, covenants, obligations, conditions, agreements, and other terms contained in this Agreement are applicable to and binding upon each Person comprising a Loan Party unless expressly otherwise stated in this Agreement. 

16.1.2 Each Loan Party is jointly and severally liable for all of the Obligations of each other Loan Party, regardless of which Loan Party actually receives the proceeds or other benefits of the Loans or other extensions of credit under this Agreement or the manner in which Loan Parties, any Agent, or any Lender accounts therefor in their respective books and records. 
 16.1.3 Each Loan Party acknowledges that it shall enjoy significant benefits from the business conducted by each other Loan Party because of, inter alia, their combined ability to bargain with other Persons, including, without limitation, their ability to receive the Loans and other credit extensions under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents which would not have been available to any Loan Party acting alone. Each Loan Party has determined that it is in its best interest to procure the credit facilities contemplated under this Agreement, with the credit support of each other Loan Party as contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 16.1.4 Each of the Agents and the Lenders have advised each Loan Party that it is unwilling to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and make available the credit facilities extended hereby or thereby to any Loan Party unless each Loan Party agrees, among other things, to be jointly and severally liable for the due and proper payment of the Obligations of each other Loan Party. Each Loan Party has determined that it is in its best interest and in pursuit of its purposes that it so induce the Lenders to extend credit pursuant to this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection with this Agreement (a) because of the desirability to each Loan Party of the credit facilities under this Agreement and the interest rates and the modes of borrowing available under this Agreement and under those other documents (b) because each Loan Party might engage in transactions jointly with other Loan Parties and (c) because each Loan Party might require, from time to time, access to funds under this Agreement for the purposes set forth in this Agreement. Each Loan Party, individually, expressly understands, agrees, and acknowledges that the credit facilities contemplated under this Agreement would not be made available on the terms of this Agreement in the absence of the collective credit of all the Loan Parties, and the joint and several liability of all the Loan Parties. Accordingly, each Loan Party acknowledges that the benefit of the accommodations made under this Agreement to the Loan Parties, as a whole, constitutes reasonably equivalent value, regardless of the amount of the indebtedness actually borrowed by, advanced to, or the amount of credit provided to, or the amount of collateral provided by, any one Loan Party. 
 16.1.5 To the extent that applicable law otherwise would render the full amount of the joint and several obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents invalid or unenforceable, such Person s obligations under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents shall be limited to the maximum amount that does not result in any such invalidity or unenforceability, but each Loan Party s obligations under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents shall be presumptively valid and enforceable to their fullest 

extent in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, as if this Section 16 were not a part of this Agreement. 
 16.1.6 To the extent that any Loan Party makes a payment under this Section 16 of all or any of the Obligations (a Joint Liability Payment that, taking into account all other Joint Liability Payments then previously or concurrently made by any other Loan Party, exceeds the amount that Loan Party would otherwise have paid if each Loan Party had paid the aggregate Obligations satisfied by those Joint Liability Payments in the same proportion that such Person s Allocable Amount (as determined immediately prior to those Joint Liability Payments) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each Loan Party as determined immediately prior to the making of those Joint Liability Payments, then, following payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification Obligations not then asserted) and the termination of the Commitments, that Loan Party shall be entitled to receive contribution and indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Loan Party for the amount of that excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to the applicable Joint Liability Payments. As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Loan Party is equal to the maximum amount of the claim that could then be recovered from that Loan Party under this Section 16 without rendering that claim voidable or avoidable under 548 of Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, or similar statute or common law. 
 16.1.7 Each Loan Party assumes responsibility for keeping itself informed of the financial condition of each other Loan Party, and any and all endorsers and or guarantors of any instrument or document evidencing all or any part of each other Loan Party s Obligations, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment by each other Loan Party of its Obligations, and each Loan Party agrees that neither any Agent nor any Lender has or shall have any duty to advise that Loan Party of information known to any Agent or any Lender regarding any such condition or any such circumstances or to undertake any investigation not a part of its regular business routine. If any Agent or any Lender, in its discretion, undertakes at any time or from time to time to provide any such information to a Loan Party, neither any Agent nor any Lender shall be under any obligation to update any such information or to provide any such information to that Loan Party or any other Person on any subsequent occasion. 
 16.1.8 Subject to Section 15.1 , Administrative Agent upon written direction from the Required Lenders is hereby authorized to, at any time and from time to time, to do any and all of the following (a) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, renew, extend, accelerate, or otherwise change the time for payment of, or other terms relating to, Obligations incurred by any Loan Party, otherwise modify, amend or change the terms of any promissory note or other agreement, document or instrument now or hereafter executed by any Loan Party 

and delivered to Administrative Agent or any Lender (b) accept partial payments on an Obligation incurred by any Loan Party (c) take and hold security or collateral for the payment of an Obligation incurred by any Loan Party under this Agreement or for the payment of any guaranties of an Obligation incurred by any Loan Party or other liabilities of any Loan Party and exchange, enforce, waive, and release any such security or collateral (d) in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, apply any such security or collateral and direct the order or manner of sale thereof and (e) with the prior consent of the Lenders, settle, release, compromise, collect, or otherwise liquidate an Obligation incurred by any Loan Party and any security or collateral therefor in any manner, without affecting or impairing the obligations of any other Loan Party. In accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Required Lenders have the exclusive right to determine the time and manner of application of any payments or credits, whether received by the Administrative Agent from a Borrower or any other source, and any such determination shall be binding on each Loan Party. In accordance with the terms of this Agreement, all such payments and credits may be applied, reversed and reapplied, in whole or in part, to any of an Obligation incurred by any Loan Party as the Required Lenders determine in their discretion and instruct the Administrative Agent, without affecting the validity or enforceability of the Obligations of any other Loan Party. Nothing in this Section 16.1.8 modifies any right of any Loan Party or any Lender to consent to any amendment or modification of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. 
 16.1.9 Each Loan Party hereby agrees that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, its obligations under this Agreement are and shall be unconditional, irrespective of (a) the absence of any attempt to collect an Obligation incurred by any Loan Party from any Loan Party or any guarantor or other action to enforce the same (b) failure by Collateral Agent or Lenders, as applicable, to take any steps to perfect and maintain its security interest in, or to preserve its rights to, any security or collateral for an Obligation incurred by any Loan Party (c) any Insolvency Proceeding by or against any Loan Party, or any Agent s or any Lender s election in any such proceeding of the application of 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code (d) any borrowing or grant of a security interest by any Loan Party as debtor-in-possession under 364 of the Bankruptcy Code (e) the disallowance, under 502 of the Bankruptcy Code, of all or any portion of any Agent s or any Lender s claim(s) for repayment of any of an Obligation incurred by any Loan Party or (f) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor unless that legal or equitable discharge or defense is that of a Loan Party in its capacity as a Loan Party. 
 16.1.10 Any notice given by Borrower Representative under this Agreement shall constitute and be deemed to be notice given by all Loan Parties, jointly and severally. Notice given by any Agent or any Lender to Borrower Representative under this Agreement or pursuant to any other Loan Documents in accordance with the terms of this 

Agreement or of any applicable other Loan Document shall constitute notice to each Loan Party. The knowledge of any Loan Party shall be imputed to all Loan Parties and any consent by Borrower Representative or any Loan Party shall constitute the consent of, and shall bind, all Loan Parties. 
 16.1.11 This Section 16 is intended only to define the relative rights of Loan Parties and nothing set forth in this Section 16 is intended to or shall impair the obligations of Loan Parties, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Documents. Nothing contained in this Section 16 limits the liability of any Loan Party to pay the credit facilities made directly or indirectly to that Loan Party and accrued interest, fees, and expenses with respect thereto for which that Loan Party is primarily liable. 
 16.1.12 The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification under this Section 16 constitute assets of each Loan Party to which any such contribution and indemnification is owing. The rights of any indemnifying Loan Party against the other Loan Parties under this Section 16 shall be exercisable upon the full and payment of the Obligations, and the termination of the Commitments. 
 16.1.13 No payment made by or for the account of a Loan Party, including, without limitation, (a) a payment made by that Loan Party on behalf of an Obligation of another Loan Party, or (b) a payment made by any other Person under any guaranty, shall entitle that Loan Party, by subrogation or otherwise, to any payment from that other Loan Party or from or out of property of that other Loan Party and that Loan Party shall not exercise any right or remedy against that other Loan Party or any property of that other Loan Party by reason of any performance of that Loan Party of its joint and several obligations hereunder, until, in each case, the termination of the Commitments, the expiration, termination, or Cash Collateralization of all letters of credit, and Payment in Full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification Obligations not then asserted). 
 ARTICLE XVII 
 APPOINTMENT OF BORROWER REPRESENTATIVE 
 17.1.1 Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably (until Payment in Full or a change pursuant to Section 17.1.4 appoints and constitutes Borrower Representative as its agent to request and receive the proceeds of advances in respect of the Loans (and to otherwise act on behalf of that Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) from the Lenders in the name or on behalf of that Loan Party. Administrative Agent may disburse those 

proceeds to the bank account of Borrower Representative (or any other Borrower) without notice to any other Borrower or any other Loan Party. 
 17.1.2 Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably (until Payment in Full or a change pursuant to Section 17.1.4 appoints and constitutes the Borrower Representative as its agent to (a) receive statements of account and all other notices from Administrative Agent with respect to the Obligations or otherwise under or in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) execute and deliver Compliance Certificates and all other notices, certificates and documents to be executed and or delivered by any Loan Party under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and (c) otherwise act on behalf of that Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 17.1.3 The authorizations contained in this Section 17 are coupled with an interest and are irrevocable until Payment in Full or a change pursuant to Section 17 , and Administrative Agent may rely on any notice, request, information supplied by the Borrower Representative, every document executed by the Borrower Representative, every agreement made by the Borrower Representative or other action taken by the Borrower Representative in respect of any Borrower or other Loan Party as if the same were supplied, made or taken by that Borrower or Loan Party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the failure of one or more Borrowers or other Loan Parties to join in the execution of any writing in connection with this Agreement will not relieve any Borrower or other Loan Party from obligations in respect of that writing. 
 17.1.4 No purported termination of or change in the appointment of Borrower Representative as agent will be effective without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent. 
 ARTICLE XVIII 
 CONVERSION RIGHTS 
 Section 18.1 Conversion on the Maturity Date. Subject to Section 18.3 , each Tranche A-1 Lender, Tranche A-2 Lender, Tranche C Lender, Tranche D Lender and Tranche E Lender shall have a right to convert all or any portion of the Outstanding Obligations due to such Lender into Conversion Payment Shares on the Maturity Date applicable to such Lender s Tranche A-1 Loans, Tranche A-2 Loans, Tranche C Loans, Tranche D Loans or Tranche E Loans, as applicable (such Maturity Date, a Maturity Conversion Date ). In order to exercise its conversion rights under this Section 18.1 , such Tranche A-1 Lender, Tranche A-2 Lender, Tranche C Lender, Tranche D Lender or Tranche E Lender must provide written notice (a Maturity Conversion Notice ), which shall be irrevocable, to Ultimate Holdings on or prior to 

the second Business Day immediately preceding the Maturity Conversion Date specifying the percentage of the Outstanding Obligations due to such Lender that the Lender is electing to convert into Conversion Payment Shares pursuant to this Section 18.1 . Subject to Section 18.3 , all of the Outstanding Obligations due to any Tranche B-1 Lender or Tranche B-2 Lender shall automatically convert into Conversion Payment Shares on the Maturity Date applicable to such Lender s Tranche B-1 Loans or Tranche B-2 Loans, as applicable, without any notice or election by such Lender. 
 Section 18.2 Early Conversion. Subject to Section 18.3 , each Lender shall have a right to convert all or any portion of the Outstanding Obligations due to such Lender into Conversion Payment Shares at any time. In order to exercise its conversion rights under this Section 18.2 , a Lender must provide written notice (an Optional Conversion Notice ), which shall be irrevocable, to Ultimate Holdings specifying the percentage of the Outstanding Obligations due to such Lender that the Lender is electing to convert into Conversion Payment Shares pursuant to this Section 18.2 . 
 Section 18.3 Limitation on Conversion. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no conversion under Section 18.1 or Section 18.2 shall be effective unless Ultimate Holdings has received (or is deemed to have obtained) the Requisite Shareholder Approval prior to the Applicable Conversion Date to the extent required under the rules of the Applicable Exchange with respect to a conversion of Outstanding Obligations. If a conversion under Section 18.1 is not effective pursuant to this Section 18.3 , the applicable Loans will convert as provided under Section 18.1 to the extent the Applicable Exchange Rules allow and the remainder of the Loan will mature on the applicable Maturity Date as if Section 18.1 did not apply to such remainder. If a conversion under Section 18.2 is not effective pursuant to this Section 18.3 , the applicable Optional Conversion Notice shall be deemed null and void but Section 18.2 shall continue to apply to any future conversions. Ultimate Holdings hereby agrees to use its best efforts to obtain the Requisite Shareholder Approval (which may be deemed Requisite Shareholder Approval under the definition thereof) by the earlier of (a) the AgileThought, Inc. 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or (b) May 15, 2023 provided however, that Ultimate Holdings hereby agrees to request from the Applicable Exchange as promptly as is commercially reasonable after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date an interpretation of the applicable listing standards of the Applicable Exchange, which states that such shareholder approval is not required for Ultimate Holdings to issue Conversion Payment Shares upon conversion of the Outstanding Obligations (both in the aggregate and with respect to any individual Lender). 
 Section 18.4 Conversions Generally. Upon a Converting Lender s receipt of the Conversion Payment Shares required to be delivered to such Converting Lender under Section 

18.1 or Section 18.2 , the Outstanding Obligations owed to such Converting Lender that have been converted shall be deemed to have Paid in Full. 
 Section 18.5 Mergers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Ultimate Holdings may not consummate any (i) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination), (ii) any consolidation, merger or combination or similar transaction involving Ultimate Holdings, (iii) any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of the consolidated assets of Ultimate Holdings and Ultimate Holdings Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety, or (iv) any statutory share exchange (any such event, a Merger Event unless the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Company ), if not Ultimate Holdings, shall expressly assume all of the obligations of Ultimate Holdings under this Article XVIII provided, however , that nothing in this Section 18.5 shall be construed to permit any event or transaction otherwise prohibited under this Agreement. 
 Section 18.6 Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock. 
 18.6.1 In the case of any Merger Event as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof), at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, (a) the right to convert Outstanding Obligations in Conversion Payment Shares shall be changed into a right to convert such Outstanding Obligations into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive (the Reference Property , with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event and (b) unless context requires otherwise, all references to Common Stock hereunder shall be deemed references to the Reference Property. At and after the effective time of any such Merger Event, any shares of Common Stock that Ultimate Holdings would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Outstanding Obligations under Article XVIII shall instead be deliverable in Reference Property. 
 18.6.2 If the Merger Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the Reference Property into which the Outstanding Obligations will be convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock. 

18.6.3 If, in the case of any Merger Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets of a Person other than Ultimate Holdings or the successor or purchasing corporation (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, cash paid by such surviving company, successor or purchaser corporation, as the case may be, in such Merger Event), then such other Person shall execute such documentation with respect to the conversion of Outstanding Obligations as the Lenders and Ultimate Holdings in good faith determine to be commercially reasonable. The definitive agreement with respect to any Merger Event shall include such additional provisions as are reasonably necessary to protect the conversion rights of the Lenders under this Article XVIII . 
 18.6.4 If the Successor Issuer (if not Ultimate Holdings) following a Merger Event is a Public Issuer, such Successor Issuer shall grant to each Lender registration rights (to be effective upon such Lender becoming a Converting Lender) that are no less favorable to such Lender than any registration rights granted to any other Person in connection with such Merger Event. If the Successor Issuer (if not Ultimate Holdings) following a Merger Event is not a Public Issuer, such Successor Issuer shall grant each Lender registration rights (to be effective upon such Lender becoming a Converting Lender) that are no less favorable to such Lender than any registration rights granted in connection with such Merger Event to any other holder of the shares provided that in no event shall such registration rights be less favorable to any Lender than the registration rights set forth in any Registration Rights Agreement then in effect. Following the consummation of any Merger Event in which Ultimate Holdings is not the Successor Issuer, all references in this Article XVIII to Ultimate Holdings shall be deemed replaced with references to the Successor Issuer. 
 18.6.5 Ultimate Holdings shall provide written notice of any Merger Event to the Lenders as promptly as practicable after the public announcement thereof. 
 18.6.6 Ultimate Holdings shall not become a party to any Merger Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 18.6 and this Section 18.6 shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events. 
 18.6.7 If any change in the number, type or classes of the securities into which the Outstanding Obligations are convertible shall occur between the date hereof and any applicable Maturity Date by reason of reclassification, recapitalization, stock split (including reverse stock split) or combination, exchange or readjustment of shares, distribution of shares, or any stock dividend, the Applicable Price shall be appropriately and proportionately adjusted to reflect such change. In addition, if any other dividend or distribution is made by the Company, then, as of the date of such dividend or distribution, the Applicable Price shall be adjusted using an adjustment factor customary for public company convertible instruments. 

Section 18.7 Delivery of Conversion Payment Shares. Ultimate Holdings shall deliver any Conversion Payment Shares required to be delivered to a Lender under this Article XVIII on the earlier of the applicable Maturity Date with respect to the Loans being converted and the applicable Optional Conversion Date. The Conversion Payment Shares will be issued in book-entry form and issued and delivered to the transfer agent for Ultimate Holdings and identified by restricted legends identifying the Conversion Payment Shares as restricted securities. A Converting Lender shall be deemed to be the holder of record of such Conversion Payment Shares as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date the Conversion Payment Shares are required to be issued and delivered to the Converting Lender under this Section 18.7 . 
 Section 18.8 Reservation of Shares Listing . Ultimate Holdings shall keep reserved a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to satisfy the conversion of all Outstanding Obligations. No later than the Business Day immediately following any Applicable Conversion Date, Ultimate Holdings shall take all action necessary, including amending its governing documents, to authorize and reserve sufficient Conversion Payment Shares such that (a) all Conversion Payment Shares required to be delivered by Ultimate Holdings in connection with such Applicable Conversion Date (1) shall be duly and validly authorized, reserved and available for issuance on or prior to the date such Conversion Payment Shares are delivered to any Converting Lender in accordance with Section 18.4 and (2) shall, upon issuance, be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer other than restrictions on transfer under applicable securities laws and (b) the issuance of such Conversion Payment Shares shall not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights. On or prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, Ultimate Holdings shall provide notice to the Nasdaq Capital Market with respect to the listing of a number of shares of Common Stock to satisfy the conversion of all Outstanding Obligations. Ultimate Holdings shall use its best efforts to effect and maintain the listing on a Permitted Exchange of its Common Stock. 
 Section 18.9 Calculations. Ultimate Holdings and any Converting Lenders shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, jointly determine the number of Conversion Payment Shares with respect to any Conversion provided that if Ultimate Holdings and such Converting Lenders cannot promptly agree on the number of Conversion Payment Shares with respect to such Conversion then they shall use their good faith efforts to jointly appoint a Calculation Agent to determine such number with respect to such Conversion provided, further , that any failure to agree or related delay in the calculation of the number of Conversion Payment Shares shall extend the time provided for delivery of the any disputed number of Conversion Payment Shares (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not the number of Conversion Payment Shares not in dispute) until the second Business Day following the determination of the calculation as provided in this Section 18.9, and such extension or delay in payment with respect to the disputed portion of Conversion Payment Shares shall not be deemed a breach of any provision of this Agreement. If Ultimate Holdings and any Converting Lenders 

are not able to promptly agree on a Calculation Agent with respect to a Conversion, then Ultimate Holdings shall appoint one Calculation Agent and the Converting Lenders shall appoint a second Calculation Agent and such appointed Calculation Agents shall each promptly determine the number of Conversion Payment Shares for such Conversion and the Conversion Payment Shares for such Conversion shall be deemed to be the average of the amounts determined by such Calculation Agents or, if only one Calculation Agent provides a determination of the Conversion Payment Shares prior to the date Conversion Payment Shares are required to be delivered in connection with the relevant Conversion, the number of Conversion Payment Shares determined by such Calculation Agent. Any determination of the Conversion Payment Shares pursuant to the terms of this Section 18.9 shall be final absent manifest error. All calculations under this Article XVIII shall be rounded to the nearest 1 10,000 th , with 0.00005 rounded up to 0.0001 provided that the number of Conversion Payment Shares to be delivered to any Converting Lender shall be rounded up the nearest whole number. 
 Section 18.10 Conversion Information. Ultimate Holdings shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly provide any information to any Lender, or any Calculation Agent for purposes of Section 18.9 , that such Lender or Calculation Agent determines in good faith to be reasonably necessary to make any calculations under this Article XVIII . 
 Section 18.11 Taxes. Ultimate Holdings shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar Taxes imposed by, or levied by or on behalf of, any governmental authority or agency having the power to tax that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of the Conversion Payment Shares to any Converting Lender in connection with any Conversion. For the avoidance of doubt, Ultimate Holdings shall not be responsible for any such transfer, stamp and similar Taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of the Conversion Payment Shares to any Person that is not the Converting Lender, including any nominee, assignee or transferee of the Converting Lender, if such Taxes would not have been imposed or be payable had the Conversion Payment Shares been issued in the name of the Converting Lender. 
 Section 18.12 Peso Loans. Conversions of Outstanding Obligations hereunder shall be made by reference to the Dollar amount thereof. In the case of any Outstanding Obligations denominated in Pesos, the Dollar amount thereof shall be determined by reference to the Conversion Rate as of the relevant Applicable Conversion Date. 
 Section 18.13 Additional Definitions. When used in this Article XVIII, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Applicable Conversion Date means, (a) with respect to a conversion by a Lender under Section 18.1 , the Maturity Date applicable to such Lender s Loans, and (b) with 

respect to a conversion by a Lender under Section 18.2 , the applicable Optional Conversion Date. 
 Applicable Exchange means, at any time, the principal United States exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed. 
 Applicable Price means U.S. 4.64 and provided further that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, a Converting Lender and Ultimate Holdings may agree in writing to use any Applicable Price with respect to any Conversion by such Converting Lender, subject to compliance with any Requirement of Law, including the rules and regulations of the Applicable Exchange. Following any Merger Event pursuant to which the Outstanding Obligations become convertible into Reference Property, the Applicable Price will be with respect to one unit of Reference Property. 
 Calculation Agent means a leading international financial institution that is not an Affiliate of Ultimate Holdings or any Lender. 
 Common Stock means Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, of Ultimate Holdings. 
 Conversion means the exercise (including automatic exercise) of a conversion right under Section 18.1 or Section 18.2 by any Lender. 
 Conversion Payment Shares means, with respect to any Conversion by a Lender, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Lender s Outstanding Obligations being converted divided by the Applicable Price with respect to the relevant Applicable Conversion Date. Following any Merger Event pursuant to which the Outstanding Obligations become convertible into Reference Property, each Conversion Payment Share will be deemed replaced with one unit of Reference Property. 
 Converting Lender means, with respect to any conversion of Outstanding Obligations, the Lender that has elected to convert under Section 18.1 or Section 18.2. 
 Market Disruption Event means (a) a failure by the primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) the occurrence or existence prior to 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common Stock for more than one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts traded on any U.S. exchange relating to the Common Stock. 

Optional Conversion Date means, with respect to a Lender, the second Scheduled Trading Date following the date such Lender delivers written notice to Ultimate Holdings electing to convert under Section 18.2 . 
 Outstanding Obligations means the then-outstanding aggregate principal amounts of the Loans (including any interest previously capitalized and added to principal), together with any accrued interest to, but excluding, the Applicable Conversion Date and any fees payable pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof. 
 Permitted Exchange means the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any of their respective successors). 
 Public Issuer means a Successor Issuer in a Merger Event a class of whose common stock or equivalent Equity Interests is listed or admitted for trading on a Permitted Exchange. 
 Requisite Shareholder Approval means advance shareholder approval with respect to the issuance of Conversion Payment Shares upon conversion of the Outstanding Obligations (a) to any officer, director (including any director that is an Affiliate of a Lender), employee or consultant for issuances that would constitute a discounted issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Rule 5635(c) of the Nasdaq Stock Market (b) to any Lender to the extent such issuance would constitute a change of control pursuant to Rule 5635(b) of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or such similar rules of the Applicable Exchange) (c) to the extent such issuance would be a 20 Issuance at a price that is less than the Minimum Price pursuant to, and as such terms are defined under, Rule 5635(c) of the Nasdaq Stock Market and (d) as otherwise required by the Applicable Exchange provided, however , that the applicable Requisite Shareholder Approval will be deemed to be obtained if, due to (A) any amendment or binding change in the interpretation of the applicable listing standards of the Applicable Exchange or (B) the receipt by Ultimate Holdings from the Applicable Exchange of an interpretation of the applicable listing standards of the Applicable Exchange, which states that such shareholder approval is not required for Ultimate Holdings to issue Conversion Payment Shares upon conversion of all Outstanding Obligations. 
 Scheduled Trading Day means any day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Successor Issuer means a Person who is a successor of Ultimate Holdings or a Person who issues common stock or equivalent Equity Interests in any Merger Event in which the shares of the Common Stock are converted into or exchanged for, in whole or in part, common stock or equivalent Equity Interests of such Person. 
 Trading Day means any day on which (A) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded and (B) there is no Market Disruption Event. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Trading Day means a Business Day. 
 ARTICLE XIX 
 GUARANTY 
 Section 19.1 Guaranty. Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally and unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrowers now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, whether for principal, interest (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding of the Borrowers, whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such Insolvency Proceeding) fees, commissions, expense reimbursements, indemnifications or otherwise (such obligations, to the extent not paid by the Borrowers, being the Guaranteed Obligations ), and agrees to pay any and all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the Secured Parties in enforcing any rights under the guaranty set forth in this Article XIX. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor s liability shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by the Borrowers to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of an Insolvency Proceeding involving the Borrowers. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Guaranteed Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations. In no event shall the obligation of any Guarantor hereunder exceed the maximum amount such Guarantor could guarantee under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 Section 19.2 Guaranty Absolute. Each Guarantor jointly and severally guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto. Each Guarantor agrees that this Article XIX constitutes a guaranty of payment when due and not of collection and waives any right to require that any resort be made by any Agent or any Lender 

to any Collateral. The obligations of each Guarantor under this Article XIX are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce such obligations, irrespective of whether any action is brought against any Loan Party or whether any Loan Party is joined in any such action or actions. The liability of each Guarantor under this Article XIX shall be irrevocable, absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now or hereafter have in any way relating to, any or all of the following 
 (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto 
 (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any increase in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or otherwise 
 (c) any taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations 
 (d) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Guarantor may have at any time against any Person, including, without limitation, any Secured Party 
 (e) any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate, limited liability company or partnership structure or existence of any Loan Party or 
 (f) any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation by the Secured Parties that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party or any other guarantor or surety. 
 This Article XIX shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Secured Parties or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrowers or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 
 Section 19.3 Waiver. Each Guarantor hereby waives (i) promptness and diligence, (ii) notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Article XIX and any requirement that the Secured Parties exhaust any right or take any 

action against any Loan Party or any other Person or any Collateral, (iii) any right to compel or direct any Secured Party to seek payment or recovery of any amounts owed under this Article XIX from any one particular fund or source or to exhaust any right or take any action against any other Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, (iv) any requirement that any Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right to take any action against any Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, and (v) any other defense available to any Guarantor. Each Guarantor agrees that the Secured Parties shall have no obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Guarantor or against, or in payment of, any or all of the Obligations. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated herein and that the waiver set forth in this Section 19.3 is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. Each Guarantor hereby waives any right to revoke this Article XIX, and acknowledges that this Article XIX is continuing in nature and applies to all Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future. 
 Section 19.4 Continuing Guaranty Assignments. This Article XIX is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the later of the cash payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XIX and the New Senior Credit Agreement Final Maturity Date, (b) be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Secured Parties and their successors, pledgees, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any Lender may pledge, assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Commitments, its Loans owing to it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted such Lender herein or otherwise, in each case as provided in Section 15.6. 
 Section 19.5 Subrogation. No Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Loan Party or any other guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor s obligations under this Article XIX, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Secured Parties against any Loan Party or any other guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Loan Party or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XIX shall have been paid in full in cash and the New Senior Credit Agreement Final 

Maturity Date shall have occurred. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the later of the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XIX and the New Senior Credit Agreement Final Maturity Date such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XIX, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Guaranteed Obligations or other amounts payable under this Article XIX thereafter arising. If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to the Secured Parties of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XIX shall be paid in full in cash and (iii) the New Senior Credit Agreement Final Maturity Date shall have occurred, the Secured Parties will, at such Guarantor s request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from such payment by such Guarantor. 
 Section 19.6 Contribution. All Guarantors desire to allocate among themselves, in a fair and equitable manner, their obligations arising under this Article XIX. Accordingly, in the event any payment or distribution is made on any date by a Guarantor under this Article XIX such that its Aggregate Payments exceeds its Fair Share as of such date, such Guarantor shall be entitled to a contribution from each of the other Guarantors in an amount sufficient to cause each Guarantor s Aggregate Payments to equal its Fair Share as of such date. Fair Share means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the ratio of (i) the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to such Guarantor, to (ii) the aggregate of the Fair Share Contribution Amounts with respect to all Guarantors multiplied by, (b) the aggregate amount paid or distributed on or before such date by all Guarantors under this Article XIX in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. Fair Share Contribution Amount means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, the maximum aggregate amount of the obligations of such Guarantor under this Article XIX that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any comparable applicable provisions of state law provided , solely for purposes of calculating the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to any Guarantor for purposes of this Section 19.6 , any assets or liabilities of such Guarantor arising by virtue of any rights to subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification or any rights to or obligations of contribution hereunder shall not be considered as assets or liabilities of such Guarantor. Aggregate Payments means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (A) the aggregate amount of all payments and distributions made on or before such date by such Guarantor in respect of this Article XIX (including, without limitation, in respect of this Section 19.6 ), minus (B) the aggregate amount of all payments 

received on or before such date by such Guarantor from the other Guarantors as contributions under this Section 19.6 . The amounts payable as contributions hereunder shall be determined as of the date on which the related payment or distribution is made by the applicable Guarantor. The allocation among Guarantors of their obligations as set forth in this Section 19.6 shall not be construed in any way to limit the liability of any Guarantor hereunder. Each Guarantor is a third party beneficiary to the contribution agreement set forth in this Section 19.6 . 
 SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 

</EX-10.28 6>

<EX-10.32 3>
 10
 exhibit10323-3rdamendmentt.htm
 EX-10.32 3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.32.3 

 WAIVER AND AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 WAIVER AND AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO FINANCING AGREEMENT , dated as of December 19, 2022 (this Amendment ), to the Financing Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Financing Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2022, that certain Amendment No. 2 to Financing Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2022, this Amendment, and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Financing Agreement ), by and among AgileThought, Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), AN Global, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company the Borrower ), each subsidiary of Holdings listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto (together with each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a Guarantor thereunder, each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors ), the lenders from time to time party thereto (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), Blue Torch Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Blue Torch ), as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), and Blue Torch, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent , and together with the Collateral Agent, each an Agent and collectively, the Agents ). 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 7.01(r) of the Financing Agreement, the Loan Parties were required to (i) amend the Exitus Indebtedness to release AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. and all other Foreign Subsidiaries as borrowers and guarantors within the earlier of (x) seventy (70) days after the assignment of the Trust Agreement that is described in paragraph 3 of Schedule 7.01(r), and (y) November 18, 2022 (such obligation, the Exitus Reorg and (ii) on or prior to the date that was ten (10) Business Days following dissolution of the Trust Agreement, deliver to the Agent the original stock certificates and corresponding stock powers previously held in trust with respect to any and all Pledged Shares (such obligation, the Stock Pledge , and together with the Exitus Reorg, the Post-Closing Obligations 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties have failed to complete the Post-Closing Obligations by the applicable deadlines 
 WHEREAS, such failure to complete the Exitus Reorg constitutes an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.01(c)(i) of the Financing Agreement on and as of November 19, 2022 (the Exitus Reorg Default 
 WHEREAS, such failure to complete the Stock Pledge constitutes an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.01(c)(i) of the Financing Agreement on and as of November 23, 2022 (the Stock Pledge Default , and together with the Exitus Reorg Default, the Specified Defaults 
 WHEREAS, the Agents delivered a Reservation of Rights Letter to the Loan Parties on December 6, 2022, notifying the Loan Parties of the Specified Defaults 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties have requested that the Agents and the Required Lenders amend certain terms and conditions of the Financing Agreement and waive the Specified Defaults and 
 130897502_13 

WHEREAS, the Agents and the Required Lenders are willing to amend such terms and conditions of the Financing Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions. All terms used herein that are defined in the Financing Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Financing Agreement. 
 2. Amendments. 
 (a) Section 1.01 is hereby amended by adding the following definition, in appropriate alphabetical order 
 Exitus Obligor means AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 (a) Section 1.01 is hereby amended by replacing the last paragraph of the definition of Permitted Liens with the following 
 provided that, other than any Liens securing the Obligations, in no event shall any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party grant a Lien on (x) any property of any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is organized under the law of Mexico, or (y) any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is organized under the law of Mexico unless, in each such case, such Lien secures the Obligations and (subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement) the obligations under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility. 
 (b) Paragraph 8 of Schedule 7.01(r) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 Within the earlier of (x) seventy (70) days after the assignment of the Trust Agreement that is described in paragraph 3 above, and (y) November 18, 2022, the Loan Parties shall dissolve the Trust Agreement. 
 (c) Paragraph 9 of Schedule 7.01(r) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 The Loan Parties shall 
 
 (a) on or prior to December 31, 2022, deliver to Agent original stock certificates and corresponding stock powers with respect to any and all Pledged Shares, including each of the certificates listed in the table below (or replacement certificates) that is owned by a Loan Party that is not a Foreign Subsidiary, and 
 
 (b) on or prior to December 31, 2022, execute and deliver a Mexican pledge agreement over the Pledge Shares listed in the table below, governed by the law of the United Mexican States, together with (A) the applicable Pledge Shares certificates duly endorsed in guarantee in favor of the Agent and (B) a certificate of the secretary of the Board of Directors of each of the Foreign Subsidiaries certifying that the pledge has been registered in the company s share registry book. 
 2 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

Pledged Issuer 
 Owner Number of Shares Equity Interest Class Certificate Number Percentage of Outstanding Shares Pledged AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I de C.V. Invertis S.A. de C.V. - Fixed Capital N A 0 1 Variable Capital 2 IT Global Holding, LLC. 50,000 Fixed Capital 1 100 102,864,311 Variable Capital 2 1 Variable Capital 3 AgileThought M xico, S.A. de C.V. 
 IT Global Holding LLC 1 Fixed Capital 3 100 QMX Investment Holding USA, Inc. 49,999 Fixed Capital 1 100 262,400,000 Variable Capital 2 AN Data Intelligence, S.A. de C.V. AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 1 Fixed Capital 4 0 IT Global Holding, LLC. 49,999 Fixed Capital 3 100 AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 1 Fixed Capital 7 0 IT Global Holding, LLC. 49,999 Fixed Capital 6 100 AN UX, S.A. de C.V. AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 1 Fixed Capital 2 0 IT Global Holding, LLC. 
 49 Fixed Capital 1 100 44,080 Variable Capital 1 and 2 
 3 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

Faktos Inc., S.A.P.I. de C.V. AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V 1 Variable Capital 3 0 IT Global Holding, LLC. 2,148 Fixed Capital 1 and 2 100 2,192 Variable Capital 1 
 Facultas Analytics, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 1 Variable Capital 3 0 IT Global Holding LLC 2,667 Fixed Capital 1 and 2 100 2,722 Variable Capital 1 Entrepids M xico, S.A. de C.V. 
 AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 1 Fixed Capital 2 0 Entrepids Technology Inc. 2,999 Fixed Capital 1 100 AgileThought Servicios Administrativos, S.A. de C.V. AgileThought, Inc. 1 Fixed Capital 2 100 AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 49,999 Fixed Capital 1 0 AgileThought Servicios M xico, S.A. de C.V. 
 AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 1 Fixed Capital 2 0 AgileThought, Inc. 49,999 Fixed Capital 1 100 
 4 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

Cuarto Origen, S. de R.L. de C.V. 4th Source Mexico, LLC 1 NA NA 100 4 th Source, LLC 
 1 NA NA 100 AN Evolution S. de R.L. de C.V. AgileThought, Inc. 1 NA NA 100 IT Global Holding LLC 1 NA NA 100 
 
 (d) Schedule 7.01(r) is hereby amended by inserting the following Paragraph 10 immediately after Paragraph 9 
 On or before December 31, 2022, the Exitus Obligor shall have entered into a non-possessory pledge agreement, governed by the law of the United Mexican States, pursuant to which it grants a Lien on substantially all of its property to secure the Obligations (to the extent such a Lien can be granted under such law), and shall take such actions as may be necessary (in the Collateral Agent s sole discretion) to perfect such Lien in accordance with such non-possessory pledge agreement. 
 
 3. Waiver . Subject to the satisfaction in full of the conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 5 below and in reliance upon the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained herein, the Agents and the Lenders party hereto hereby waive the Specified Defaults and the collection of the Post-Default Rate interest payable on and after the date hereof in connection with such Specified Defaults having occurred and continued (the Waiver ). For the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto acknowledge that interest on the Loans accrued at the Post-Default Rate during the period beginning on November 19, 2022 and ending on the date hereof. The waivers set forth in this Section 3 shall be effective only in this specific instance, shall apply only for the defaults that have occurred prior to the date hereof and only for the specific purpose set forth herein and, for the avoidance of doubt, do not allow for any other or further departure from the terms and conditions of the Financing Agreement (after giving effect to the Amendment) or any other Loan Document, including the application and collection of the interest at the Post-Default Rate, which terms and conditions shall continue in full force and effect. For the avoidance of doubt, Section 7.01(r) of the Financing Agreement (as amended by the Amendment) remains in full force and effect and no covenants contained therein are waived by the Waiver. 
 4. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders as follows 
 (a) Representations and Warranties No Event of Default . The representations and warranties herein, in Article VI of the Financing Agreement and in each other Loan Document on or immediately prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, but after giving effect to the Waiver, are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or 
 5 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of such earlier date), and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date or would result from this Amendment becoming effective in accordance with its terms. 
 (b) Organization, Good Standing, Etc. Each Loan Party (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or sociedad anonima duly organized, validly existing and, other than the Mexican Loan Parties, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated, and to execute and deliver this Amendment, and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and by the Financing Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, and (iii) is duly qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary except (solely for the purposes of this subclause (iii)) where the failure to be so qualified and be in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Authorization, Etc. The execution and delivery by each Loan Party of this Amendment and the performance by it of the Financing Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action, (ii) do not and will not contravene (A) any of its Governing Documents, (B) any applicable material Requirement of Law, or (C) any Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Loan Document) upon or with respect to any of its properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to its operations or any of its properties, except in the case of clauses (ii)(C) and (iv) hereof, to the extent that such contravention, default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) Enforceability of Loan Documents . This Amendment and the Financing Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) is and will be a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. 
 (e) Governmental Approvals . No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the due execution, delivery and performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or will be a party. 
 5. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective only upon satisfaction in full, in a manner satisfactory to the Agents, of the following conditions precedent (the first 
 6 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

date upon which all such conditions shall have been satisfied being hereinafter referred to as the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date 
 (a) Payment of Fees, Etc . The Borrowers shall have paid on or before the date hereof, all fees, costs, expenses and taxes then payable, if any, pursuant to Section 2.07 or 12.04 of the Financing Agreement, in each case, the failure of which shall render the Waiver null and void. 
 (b) Representations and Warranties . After giving effect to the Waiver, the representations and warranties contained in this Amendment and in Article VI of the Financing Agreement and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date). 
 (c) No Default Event of Default . After giving effect to the Waiver, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date or result from this Amendment becoming effective in accordance with its terms. 
 (d) Exitus . As of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the only Foreign Subsidiary that is obligated as a borrower or guarantor in respect of the Exitus Indebtedness is AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. (the Exitus Obligor ), and the Guaranty by the Exitus Obligor of the Obligations is in full force and effect. 
 (e) Delivery of Documents . The Agents shall have received on or before the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the following 
 (i) This Amendment, duly executed by the Loan Parties, each Agent and the Required Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents. 
 (ii) A certificate executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, certifying as to the conditions precedent in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of this Section 5. 
 (f) Approvals . All consents, authorizations and approvals of, and filings and registrations with, and all other actions in respect of, any Governmental Authority or other Person required in connection with any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated thereby or the conduct of the Loan Parties business shall have been obtained or made and shall be in full force and effect. There shall exist no claim, action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, shareholder or derivative litigation) pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority which (i) relates to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, or (ii) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6. Continued Effectiveness of the Financing Agreement and Other Loan Documents. Each Loan Party hereby (a) acknowledges and consents to this Amendment, (b) confirms and agrees that the Financing Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party is, and 
 7 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, except that on and after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, all references in any such Loan Document to the Financing Agreement , the Agreement , thereto , thereof , thereunder or words of like import referring to the Financing Agreement shall mean the Financing Agreement as amended by this Amendment, and (c) confirms and agrees that, to the extent that any such Loan Document purports to assign or pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, or to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, a security interest in or Lien on any Collateral as security for the Obligations of the Loan Parties from time to time existing in respect of the Financing Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) and the other Loan Documents, such pledge, assignment and or grant of the security interest or Lien is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. This Amendment does not and shall not affect any of the obligations of the Loan Parties, other than as expressly provided herein, including, without limitation, the Loan Parties obligations to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of Financing Agreement or the obligations of the Loan Parties under any Loan Document to which they are a party, all of which obligations shall remain in full force and effect. Except as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Agent or any Lender under the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 7. No Representations by Agents or Lenders. Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges that it has not relied on any representation, written or oral, express or implied, by any Agent or any Lender, other than those expressly contained herein, in entering into this Amendment. 
 8. No Novation. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the Obligations outstanding under the Financing Agreement or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby. Each Loan Party further acknowledges that the waivers and amendments contain herein are not indications of promises by the Agent or any Lender to provide any further waivers or amendments, and each Loan Party understands that no such waivers or amendments shall be granted in the future. 
 9. Release. Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that (a) neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has any claim or cause of action against any Agent or any Lender (or any of the directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys or consultants of any of the foregoing), and (b) the Agents and the Lenders have heretofore properly performed and satisfied in a timely manner all of their obligations to the Loan Parties, and all of their Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agents and the Lenders wish (and the Loan Parties agree) to eliminate any possibility that any past conditions, acts, omissions, events or circumstances would impair or otherwise adversely affect any of their rights, interests, security and or remedies. Accordingly, for and in consideration of the agreements contained in this Amendment and other good and valuable consideration, each Loan Party (for itself and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and the successors, assigns, heirs and representatives of each of the foregoing) (collectively, the Releasors does hereby fully, finally, unconditionally and irrevocably release, waive and forever discharge the Agents and the Lenders, together with their respective Affiliates and Related Funds, and each of the directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys and consultants of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Released Parties ), from any and all debts, claims, allegations, obligations, damages, costs, attorneys fees, suits, demands, liabilities, actions, proceedings and causes of action, in each case, whether known or unknown, contingent or fixed, direct or indirect, and of whatever nature or description, and whether in law or in equity, under contract, tort, 
 8 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

statute or otherwise, which any Releasor has heretofore had or now or hereafter can, shall or may have against any Released Party by reason of any act, omission or thing whatsoever done or omitted to be done, in each case, on or prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date directly arising out of, connected with or related to this Amendment, the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any act, event or transaction related or attendant thereto, or the agreements of any Agent or any Lender contained therein, or the possession, use, operation or control of any of the assets of any Loan Party, or the making of any Loans or other advances, or the management of such Loans or other advances or the Collateral. Each Loan Party represents and warrants that it has no knowledge of any claim by any Releasor against any Released Party or of any facts or acts or omissions of any Released Party which on the date hereof would be the basis of a claim by any Releasor against any Released Party which would not be released hereby. 
 10. Further Assurances. The Loan Parties shall execute any and all further documents, agreements and instruments, and take all further actions, as may be required under Applicable Law or as any Agent may reasonably request, in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment. 
 11. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by facsimile or electronic mail shall be equally effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 (b) Section and paragraph headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
 (c) This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 (d) Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Amendment constitutes a Loan Document under the Financing Agreement. Accordingly, it shall be an immediate Event of Default under the Financing Agreement if (i) any representation or warranty made by any Loan Party under or in connection with this Amendment shall have been incorrect in any respect when made or deemed made, or (ii) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in this Amendment. 
 (e) Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank . 

9 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the date set forth on the first page hereof. 
 
 BORROWER 
 AN GLOBAL LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Financing Agreement 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

GUARANTORS 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AGILETHOUGHT, LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Manager 4TH SOURCE, LLC 
 By s Diana Abril Name Diana Abril Title Manager IT GLOBAL HOLDINGS LLC 
 By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 4TH SOURCE HOLDING CORP. 
 By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 
 11 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

QMX INVESTMENT HOLDINGS USA, INC. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AGS ALPAMA GLOBAL SERVICES USA, LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President ENTREPIDS TECHNOLOGY INC. By s Carolyne Cesar Name Carolyne Cesar Title Secretary 4TH SOURCE MEXICO, LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AN USA By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 
 12 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

AGILETHOUGHT DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, S.A.P.I. DE C.V. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Attorney-in-fact By s Mauricio Gardu o Name Mauricio Gardu o Title Attorney-in-fact AGILETHOUGHT M XICO, S.A. DE C.V. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President By s Mauricio Gardu o Name Mauricio Gardu o Title Attorney-in-fact 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Financing Agreement 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

COLLATERAL AGENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT BLUE TORCH FINANCE LLC , as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent 
 By Blue Torch Capital LP, its managing member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title CEO 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Financing Agreement 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

LENDERS BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND II LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its 
 general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member SWISS CAPITAL BTC OL PRIVATE DEBT FUND L.P. By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda in his capacity as authorized signatory of Blue Torch Capital LP, as agent and attorney-in-fact for Swiss Capital BTC OL Private Debt Fund L.P. 
 BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND III LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its 
 general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC HOLDINGS FUND II, LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities Fund II LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Financing Agreement 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

BTC HOLDINGS SBAF FUND LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF Fund LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC HOLDINGS KRS FUND LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS Fund LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES SBAF FUND LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES KRS FUND LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Financing Agreement 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

BTC OFFSHORE HOLDINGS FUND II-B LLC 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities Master Fund II LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 BTC OFFSHORE HOLDINGS FUND II-C LLC 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities Master Fund II LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 BTC OFFSHORE HOLDINGS FUND III LLC 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities Master Fund III LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its managing member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Financing Agreement 
 130897502_7 
 130897502_13 

BTC HOLDINGS SC FUND LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SC Master Fund LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SC GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND III LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP III LP, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 BLUE TORCH OFFSHORE CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND II LP 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP II LP, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 SWISS CAPITAL BTC OL PRIVATE DEBT OFFSHORE SP 
 A SEGREGATED PORTFOLIO OF SWISS CAPITAL PRIVATE DEBT (OFFSHORE) FUNDS SPC 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Financing Agreement 

Title Authorized Signatory of Blue Torch Capital LP in its capacity as investment manager to SWISS CAPITAL BTC OL PRIVATE DEBT OFFSHORE SP 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Financing Agreement 

</EX-10.32 3>

<EX-10.32 4>
 11
 ex10324-4thamendmenttobt.htm
 EX-10.32 4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.32.4 

 AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO FINANCING AGREEMENT , dated as of March 7, 2023 (this Amendment ), to Financing Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Financing Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2022, that certain Amendment No. 2 to Financing Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2022, that certain Waiver and Amendment No. 3 to Financing Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2022, this Amendment, and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Financing Agreement ), by and among AgileThought, Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), AN Global, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), each subsidiary of Holdings listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto (together with each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a Guarantor thereunder, each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors ), the lenders from time to time party thereto (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), Blue Torch Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Blue Torch ), as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), and Blue Torch, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and together with the Collateral Agent, each an Agent and collectively, the Agents ). 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties have requested that the Agents and the Lenders amend certain terms and conditions of the Financing Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Agents and the Lenders party hereto (constituting the Required Lenders) are willing to amend such terms and conditions of the Financing Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions. All terms used herein that are defined in the Financing Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Financing Agreement. 
 2. Amendments. The Financing Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and stricken text and (ii) to add the blue or green double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples double-underlined text and double-underlined text ), in each case, as set forth in the marked copy of the Financing Agreement attached as Annex A hereto and made a part hereof for all purposes. 
 3. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders as follows 
 (a) Representations and Warranties No Event of Default . (i) Except for Section 6.1(h)(iii) of the Financing Agreement as a result of past due balances in respect of the specific 
 
 133111511_8 

Material Contracts set forth on Annex B, the representations and warranties herein, in Article VI of the Financing Agreement and in each other Loan Document on or immediately prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of such earlier date), and (ii) after giving effect to the Amendment No. 4 Waiver (as defined below), no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date or would result from this Amendment becoming effective in accordance with its terms. 
 (b) Organization, Good Standing, Etc. Each Loan Party (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or sociedad anonima duly organized, validly existing and, other than the Mexican Loan Parties, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated, and to execute and deliver this Amendment, and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and by the Financing Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, and (iii) is duly qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary except (solely for the purposes of this subclause (iii)) where the failure to be so qualified and be in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Authorization, Etc. The execution and delivery by each Loan Party of this Amendment and the performance by it of the Financing Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action, (ii) do not and will not contravene (A) any of its Governing Documents, (B) any applicable material Requirement of Law, or (C) any Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Loan Document) upon or with respect to any of its properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to its operations or any of its properties. 
 (d) Enforceability of Loan Documents . This Amendment, the Financing Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is or will be a party, is and will be a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. 
 (e) Governmental Approvals . No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the due 
 2 

execution, delivery and performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or will be a party. 
 (f) Solvency . After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, each Loan Party is, and the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis are, Solvent. No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Amendment or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party. 
 (g) Security Agreement Compliance . (i) The representations and warranties in Sections 5(b), (f) and (k) of the Security Agreement on or immediately prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date and (ii) each Loan Party is in compliance with that certain obligation under Section 4(a) of the Security Agreement to deliver all Pledged Interests (as defined in the Security Agreement) from time to time required to be pledged to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement or the Financing Agreement. 
 4. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective only upon satisfaction in full, in a manner satisfactory to the Agents, of the following conditions precedent (the first date upon which all such conditions shall have been satisfied being hereinafter referred to as the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date 
 (a) Payment of Fees, Etc . The Borrowers shall have paid on or before the date hereof, the fees and expenses of Ropes & Gray LLP, counsel to the Agents and Lenders, in an amount equal to 110,686.48. 
 (b) Representations and Warranties . Except for Section 6.1(h)(iii) of the Financing Agreement as a result of past due balances in respect of the specific Material Contracts set forth on Annex B, the representations and warranties contained in this Amendment and in Article VI of the Financing Agreement and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date). 
 (c) No Default Event of Default . After giving effect to the Amendment No. 4 Waiver, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date or result from this Amendment becoming effective in accordance with its terms. 
 (d) Delivery of Documents . The Agents shall have received on or before the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, unless indicated otherwise, dated the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date 
 (i) this Amendment, duly executed by the Loan Parties, each Agent and the Required Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents 
 3 

(ii) that certain Waiver to Financing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Amendment No. 4 Waiver ), duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, each Agent, and the Required Lenders 
 (iii) that certain Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof (the Amendment No. 4 Fee Letter ), which Amendment No. 4 Fee Letter shall be duly executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (iv) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Loan Party, certifying (A) as to copies of the Governing Documents of such Loan Party, together with all amendments thereto, confirming that such Governing Documents have not been amended or modified since the Effective Date, (B) as to a copy of the resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party authorizing (1) the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is or will be a party, (2) the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of this Amendment and each other Loan Document to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and (3) the execution and delivery of the other documents to be delivered by such Person in connection herewith and therewith, (C) the names and true signatures of the representatives of such Loan Party authorized to sign this Amendment and each other Loan Document to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such Loan Party in connection herewith and therewith, together with evidence of the incumbency of such Authorized Officers and (D) as to the matters set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of this Section 4 
 (v) a certificate of the appropriate official(s) of the jurisdiction of organization and, except to the extent such failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each jurisdiction of foreign qualification of each Loan Party, certifying as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date as to the existence in good standing of, and the payment of Taxes by, such Loan Party in such jurisdictions, except for each Mexican Loan Party which is only required to deliver the compliance with tax obligations certificate Opini n del cumplimiento de obligaciones fiscales 
 (vi) a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower certifying that (A) the attached copies of the Material Contracts and listed in Annex B hereto as in effect on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date are true, complete and correct copies thereof and (B) such agreements remain in full force and effect and, except as disclosed in Annex B, none of the Loan Parties has breached or defaulted in any of its obligations under such agreements and 
 (vii) fully executed copies of (A) Amendment No. 6 to the Credit Agreement and (B) Waiver to Credit Agreement, in each case, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Loan Parties party thereto, the Existing Second Lien Collateral Agent, GLAS USA LLC, as administrative agent, and the Existing Second Lien Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, and all other amendments, waivers, or agreements relating to such facility entered into by any of the parties thereto since May 27, 2022. 
 (e) Approvals . All consents, authorizations and approvals of, and filings and registrations with, and all other actions in respect of, any Governmental Authority or other Person 
 4 

required in connection with any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated thereby or the conduct of the Loan Parties business shall have been obtained or made and shall be in full force and effect. There shall exist no claim, action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, shareholder or derivative litigation) pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority which (i) relates to the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, or (ii) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (f) AgileThought Financial Advisor . The Agents shall have received on or before the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, evidence that the Loan Parties engaged a Financial Advisor (as defined in Section 7.01(s)(i) of the Financing Agreement) to support their capital raise needs, with a scope and on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (g) AgileThought Operational Advisor . The Agents shall have received on or before the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, evidence that the Loan Parties engaged an Operational Advisor (as defined in Section 7.01(s)(i) of the Financing Agreement) to conduct a formal assessment of the Loan Parties financial performance (including, among other things, a liquidity assessment), with a scope and on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 5. Conditions Subsequent to Effectiveness. The Loan Parties agree that, in addition to all other terms, conditions and provisions set forth in this Amendment, including, without limitation, those conditions to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date set forth herein, the Loan Parties shall satisfy the conditions subsequent set forth below (it being understood that the failure by the Loan Parties to perform or cause to be performed any such condition subsequent shall constitute an immediate Event of Default (without giving effect to any grace periods set forth in the Financing Agreement)) 
 (a) The Loan Parties shall use best efforts to, within thirty (30) days after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (or such later date as may be agreed in writing by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion (whether before or after such period)), deliver written waivers or collateral access agreements, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, for the Collateral located at 222 W Las Colinas Blvd Ste 1650E, Irving, TX 75039. 
 (b) The Collateral Agent shall have received, within thirty (30) days after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, an updated Perfection Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 (c) On or prior to March 17, 2023, the Agents shall have received evidence that the Loan Parties have properly recorded any power of attorney, and that such power of attorney is effective in favor of the Agents, required to be delivered in connection with that certain Share and Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2023, by and among the Loan Parties party thereto and the Agents. 
 (d) On or prior to March 8, 2023, the Agents shall have received true and complete copies of the charter, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or other publicly filed organizational document (or applicable equivalent) of each Loan Party certified as of a recent date not more than 15 days prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date by an appropriate official of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party which shall set forth the same complete name of such Loan Party as is set forth herein and the organizational number of such Loan Party, if an organizational number is issued in such jurisdiction. 
 (e) On or prior to March 24, 2023, the Borrower shall have paid all fees, costs and expenses and taxes then payable, if any, pursuant to Section 2.07 or Section 12.04 of the Financing Agreement (other than those amounts already paid pursuant to Section 4(a) above). 
 5 

(f) On or prior to 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on March 10, 2023, the Agents shall have received, with respect to any Pledged Shares (as defined in the Security Agreement), the original copies of (A) duly executed Irrevocable Proxies (as defined in the Security Agreement) and (B) duly acknowledged Registration Pages (as defined in the Security Agreement), all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, as required by Section 4(a) of the Security Agreement. 
 6. Continued Effectiveness of the Financing Agreement and Other Loan Documents. Each Loan Party hereby (a) acknowledges and consents to this Amendment, (b) confirms and agrees that the Financing Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, except that on and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, all references in any such Loan Document to the Financing Agreement , the Agreement , thereto , thereof , thereunder or words of like import referring to the Financing Agreement shall mean the Financing Agreement as amended by this Amendment, and (c) confirms and agrees that, to the extent that any such Loan Document purports to assign or pledge to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, or to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, a security interest in or Lien on any Collateral as security for the Obligations of the Loan Parties from time to time existing in respect of the Financing Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) and the other Loan Documents, such pledge, assignment and or grant of the security interest or Lien is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. This Amendment does not and shall not affect any of the obligations of the Loan Parties, other than as expressly provided herein, including, without limitation, the Loan Parties obligations to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of Financing Agreement or the obligations of the Loan Parties under any Loan Document to which they are a party, all of which obligations shall remain in full force and effect. Except as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Agent or any Lender under the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 7. No Representations by Agents or Lenders. Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges that it has not relied on any representation, written or oral, express or implied, by any Agent or any Lender, other than those expressly contained herein, in entering into this Amendment. 
 8. No Novation. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the Obligations outstanding under the Financing Agreement or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby. 
 9. Release. Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that (a) neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries has any claim or cause of action against any Agent or any Lender (or any of the directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys or consultants of any of the foregoing), and (b) the Agents and the Lenders have heretofore properly performed and satisfied in a timely manner all of their obligations to the Loan Parties, and all of their Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agents and the Lenders wish (and the Loan Parties agree) to eliminate any possibility that any past conditions, acts, omissions, events or circumstances would impair or otherwise adversely affect any of their rights, interests, security and or remedies. Accordingly, for and in consideration of the agreements contained in this Amendment and other good and valuable consideration, each Loan Party (for itself and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and the successors, assigns, heirs and representatives of each of the foregoing) (collectively, the Releasors does hereby fully, finally, unconditionally and 
 6 

irrevocably release, waive and forever discharge the Agents and the Lenders, together with their respective Affiliates and Related Funds, and each of the directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys and consultants of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Released Parties ), from any and all debts, claims, allegations, obligations, damages, costs, attorneys fees, suits, demands, liabilities, actions, proceedings and causes of action, in each case, whether known or unknown, contingent or fixed, direct or indirect, and of whatever nature or description, and whether in law or in equity, under contract, tort, statute or otherwise, which any Releasor has heretofore had or now or hereafter can, shall or may have against any Released Party by reason of any act, omission or thing whatsoever done or omitted to be done, in each case, on or prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date directly arising out of, connected with or related to this Amendment, the Financing Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any act, event or transaction related or attendant thereto, or the agreements of any Agent or any Lender contained therein, or the possession, use, operation or control of any of the assets of any Loan Party, or the making of any Loans or other advances, or the management of such Loans or other advances or the Collateral. Each Loan Party represents and warrants that it has no knowledge of any claim by any Releasor against any Released Party or of any facts or acts or omissions of any Released Party which on the date hereof would be the basis of a claim by any Releasor against any Released Party which would not be released hereby. 
 10. Further Assurances . The Loan Parties shall execute any and all further documents, agreements and instruments, and take all further actions, as may be required under Applicable Law or as any Agent may reasonably request, in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment. 
 11. Reaffirmation of Security Interests . Each Loan Party (a) affirms that each of the Liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid, perfected, first priority (unless otherwise expressly permitted under the Loan Documents) Liens, and (b) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the Liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 12. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by facsimile or electronic mail shall be equally effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 (b) Section and paragraph headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
 (c) This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 (d) Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Amendment constitutes a Loan Document under the Financing Agreement. Accordingly, it shall be an immediate Event of Default under the Financing Agreement if (i) any representation or warranty made by any Loan Party under or in connection with this Amendment shall have been incorrect in any respect when made or 
 7 

deemed made, or (ii) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in this Amendment. 
 (e) Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 (f) Sections 12.10 and 12.11 Consent to Jurisdiction Services of Process and Venue and Waiver of Jury Trial, Etc. of the Financing Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis . 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank . 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the date set forth on the first page hereof. 
 
 BORROWER 
 AN GLOBAL LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 
 
 9 

GUARANTORS 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AGILETHOUGHT, LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Manager 4TH SOURCE, LLC By s Diana Abril Name Diana Abril Title Manager IT GLOBAL HOLDINGS LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 4TH SOURCE HOLDING CORP. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 

10 

QMX INVESTMENT HOLDINGS USA, INC. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AGS ALPAMA GLOBAL SERVICES USA, LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President ENTREPIDS TECHNOLOGY INC. By s Diana Abril Name Diana Abril Title Secretary 4TH SOURCE MEXICO, LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AN USA By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 to Financing Agreement 

AGILETHOUGHT DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, S.A.P.I. DE C.V. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President By s Mauricio Gardu o Name Mauricio Gardu o Title Attorney-in-fact AGILETHOUGHT M XICO, S.A. DE C.V. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Attorney-in-fact By s Mauricio Gardu o Name Mauricio Gardu o Title Attorney-in-fact 
 Signature Page to Financing Agreement 

COLLATERAL AGENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT BLUE TORCH FINANCE LLC , as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent 
 By Blue Torch Capital LP, its managing member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title CEO 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 to Financing Agreement 

LENDERS BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND II LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its 
 general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member SWISS CAPITAL BTC OL PRIVATE DEBT FUND L.P. By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda in his capacity as authorized signatory of Blue Torch Capital LP, as agent and attorney-in-fact for Swiss Capital BTC OL Private Debt Fund L.P. 
 BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND III LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its 
 general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC HOLDINGS FUND II, LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities Fund II LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 to Financing Agreement 

BTC HOLDINGS SBAF FUND LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF Fund LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC HOLDINGS KRS FUND LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS Fund LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES SBAF FUND LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 to Financing Agreement 

BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES KRS FUND LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC OFFSHORE HOLDINGS FUND II-B LLC 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities Master Fund II LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC OFFSHORE HOLDINGS FUND II-C LLC 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities Master Fund II LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 
 BTC OFFSHORE HOLDINGS FUND III LLC 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities Master Fund III LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its managing member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 to Financing Agreement 

BTC HOLDINGS SC FUND LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SC Master Fund LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SC GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND III LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BLUE TORCH OFFSHORE CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND II LP 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP II LP, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member SWISS CAPITAL BTC OL PRIVATE DEBT OFFSHORE SP 
 A SEGREGATED PORTFOLIO OF SWISS CAPITAL PRIVATE DEBT (OFFSHORE) FUNDS SPC 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Authorized Signatory of Blue Torch Capital LP in its capacity as investment manager to SWISS CAPITAL BTC OL PRIVATE DEBT OFFSHORE SP 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 to Financing Agreement 

Conformed through Amendment No. 3 4 

 ANNEX A 
 FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of May 27, 2022 
 by and among 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC., 
 as Holdings, 
 AN GLOBAL LLC, 
 as the Borrower, 
 EACH OTHER SUBSIDIARY OF HOLDINGS LISTED AS A GUARANTOR ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO, as Guarantors, 
 THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, as Lenders, 
 and 
 BLUE TORCH FINANCE LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 

Table of Contents 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS CERTAIN TERMS 1 
 Section 1.01 Definitions 1 
 Section 1.02 Terms Generally 46 
 Section 1.03 Certain Matters of Construction 47 
 Section 1.04 Accounting and Other Terms 47 
 Section 1.05 Time References 48 
 Section 1.06 Obligation to Make Payments in Dollars 48 
 ARTICLE II THE LOANS 48 
 Section 2.01 Commitments 49 
 Section 2.02 Making the Loans 49 
 Section 2.03 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 52 
 Section 2.04 Interest 53 
 Section 2.05 Increase in Revolving Credit Commitment. 54 
 Section 2.06 Reduction of Commitment Prepayment of Loans 55 
 Section 2.07 Fees 58 
 Section 2.08 SOFR Option 60 
 Section 2.09 Funding Losses 63 
 Section 2.10 Taxes 63 
 Section 2.11 Increased Costs and Reduced Return 67 
 Section 2.12 Changes in Law Impracticability or Illegality 68 
 ARTICLE III INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 69 
 ARTICLE IV APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS DEFAULTING LENDERS 69 
 Section 4.01 Payments Computations and Statements 69 
 Section 4.02 Sharing of Payments 70 
 Section 4.03 Apportionment of Payments 70 
 Section 4.04 Defaulting Lenders 71 
 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS TO LOANS 72 
 Section 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness 72 
 Section 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Loans 76 
 ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 77 
 Section 6.01 Representations and Warranties 77 
 ARTICLE VII COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 84 
 Section 7.01 Affirmative Covenants 84 
 Section 7.02 Negative Covenants 94 
 Section 7.03 Financial Covenants 100 
 ARTICLE VIII CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 101 
 Section 8.01 Cash Management Arrangements 101 
 ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT 102 
 Section 9.01 Events of Default 102 
 Section 9.02 Cure Right 105 

ARTICLE X AGENTS 106 
 Section 10.01 Appointment 106 
 Section 10.02 Nature of Duties Delegation 107 
 Section 10.03 Rights, Exculpation, Etc. 108 
 Section 10.04 Reliance 108 
 Section 10.05 Indemnification 109 
 Section 10.06 Agents Individually 109 
 Section 10.07 Successor Agent 109 
 Section 10.08 Collateral Matters 110 
 Section 10.09 Agency for Perfection 112 
 Section 10.10 No Reliance on any Agent s Customer Identification Program 112 
 Section 10.11 No Third Party Beneficiaries 112 
 Section 10.12 No Fiduciary Relationship 112 
 Section 10.13 Reports Confidentiality Disclaimers 112 
 Section 10.14 Collateral Custodian 113 
 Section 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement 113 
 Section 10.16 Collateral Agent May File Proofs of Claim 114 
 Section 10.17 Erroneous Distribution 114 
 ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 114 
 Section 11.01 Guaranty 115 
 Section 11.02 Guaranty Absolute 115 
 Section 11.03 Waiver 116 
 Section 11.04 Continuing Guaranty Assignments 116 
 Section 11.05 Subrogation 116 
 Section 11.06 Contribution 117 
 ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS 118 
 Section 12.01 Notices, Etc. 118 
 Section 12.02 Amendments, Etc. 120 
 Section 12.03 No Waiver Remedies, Etc. 122 
 Section 12.04 Expenses Taxes Attorneys Fees 122 
 Section 12.05 Right of Set-off 123 
 Section 12.06 Severability 124 
 Section 12.07 Assignments and Participations. 124 
 Section 12.08 Counterparts 127 
 Section 12.09 GOVERNING LAW 128 
 Section 12.10 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE 128 
 Section 12.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, ETC. 129 
 Section 12.12 Consent by the Agents and Lenders 129 
 Section 12.13 No Party Deemed Drafter 129 
 Section 12.14 Reinstatement Certain Payments 129 
 Section 12.15 Indemnification Limitation of Liability for Certain Damages 130 
 Section 12.16 Records 131 
 Section 12.17 Binding Effect 131 
 Section 12.18 Highest Lawful Rate 131 
 Section 12.19 Confidentiality 132 
 Section 12.20 Public Disclosure 133 
 Section 12.21 Integration 133 
 Section 12.22 USA PATRIOT Act 133 

SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 
 Schedule 1.01(A) Lenders and Lenders Commitments 
 Schedule 1.01(B) Facilities 
 Schedule 1.01(C) Permitted Intercompany Investments 
 Schedule 1.01(D) Historical EBITDA 
 Schedule 6.01(e) Capitalization Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 6.01(f) Litigation 
 Schedule 6.01(i) ERISA 
 Schedule 6.01(j) Unpaid Taxes 
 Schedule 6.01(l) Nature of Business 
 Schedule 6.01(p) Employee and Labor Matters 
 Schedule 6.01(q) Environmental Matters 
 Schedule 6.01(r) Insurance 
 Schedule 6.01(u) Intellectual Property 
 Schedule 6.01(v) Material Contracts 
 Schedule 7.01(r) Post-Closing Matters 
 Schedule 7.02(a) Existing Liens 
 Schedule 7.02(b) Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 7.02(c) Project Thunder 
 Schedule 7.02(e) Existing Investments 
 Schedule 7.02(j) Affiliate Transactions 
 Schedule 7.02(k) Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions 
 Schedule 8.01 Cash Management Accounts 
 
 Exhibit A Form of Joinder Agreement 
 Exhibit B Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
 Exhibit C Form of Notice of Borrowing 
 Exhibit D Form of SOFR Notice 
 Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit 2.09(d) Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 Financing Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, by and among AgileThought, Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), AN Global LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), each subsidiary of Holdings listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages hereto (together with each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a Guarantor hereunder, each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors ), the lenders from time to time party hereto (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), Blue Torch Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Blue Torch ), as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), and Blue Torch, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and together with the Collateral Agent, each an Agent and collectively, the Agents ). 
 RECITALS 
 The Borrower has asked the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrower consisting of (a) a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of 55,000,000, and (b) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 3,000,000 at any time outstanding. The proceeds of the term loan and any loans made under the revolving credit facility shall be used (i) to refinance existing indebtedness of the Borrower, (ii) to pay up to 9,000,000 of certain past-due accounts payable of the Loan Parties, (iii) for general working capital purposes and (iv) to pay fees and expenses related to this Agreement. The Lenders are severally, and not jointly, willing to extend such credit to the Borrower subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 In consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 Article I DEFINITIONS CERTAIN TERMS 
 Section 1.01 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below 
 Account or Accounts is defined in the UCC. 
 Account Debtor means, with respect to any Person, each debtor, customer or obligor in any way obligated on or in connection with any Account of such Person. 
 Acquisition means the acquisition (whether by means of a merger, amalgamation, consolidation or otherwise) of Equity Interests of any Person or all or substantially all of the assets of (or any division or business line of) any Person. 
 Action has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.12. 
 Additional Amount has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.10(a). 
 Additional Second Lien Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) that is secured on a junior basis to the Obligations, the terms of which (including, without limitation, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, 

defaults and other material terms) are satisfactory to the Agents and the Required Lenders and which is subject to an intercreditor agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and the Required Lenders. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment. 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Administrative Agent s Accounts means one or more accounts designated by the Administrative Agent at a bank designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time as the accounts into which the Loan Parties shall make all payments to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 10 or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of members of the Board of Directors of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Agent or any Lender be considered an Affiliate of any Loan Party. 
 Agent and Agents have the respective meanings specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Aggregate Payments has the meaning specified therefor in Section 11.06. 
 Agreement means this Financing Agreement, including all amendments, restatements, modifications and supplements and any exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, and shall refer to this Agreement as the same may be in effect at the time such reference becomes operative. 
 AGS Indebtedness means Indebtedness in the aggregate principal amount of 673,000 pursuant to that certain Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of June 24, 2021 by Holdings in favor of AGS Group LLC. 
 AGS Subordination Agreement means that certain Subordination Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2021, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, the Administrative Agent (as successor to the administrative agent under the Existing First Lien Credit Facility) and AGS Group LLC, with respect to the AGS Indebtedness, as said agreement may be supplemented by an agreement in which AGS Group LLC confirms the subordination provided thereby with respect to the Obligations. 
 Amendment No. 1 means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Financing Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2022, between Holdings, the Borrower, the other Guarantors party thereto, the Agents and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means August 10, 2022. 
 Amendment No. 4 Effective Date means March 7, 2023. 
 2 

AN Extend Earn-Out means certain earn-out payments owed by AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. and Holdings to certain Persons that were sellers of AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. in respect of the sale of AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. in an amount equal to 1,750,333 (as of March 31, 2022), together with interest thereon. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all Requirements of Law concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), the UK Bribery Act of 2010, and the anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations of those jurisdictions in which the Loan Parties do business. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means all Requirements of Law concerning or relating to terrorism or money laundering, including, without limitation, the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. 1956-1957), the USA PATRIOT Act and the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311-5332 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959) and the rules and regulations thereunder, and any law prohibiting or directed against the financing or support of terrorist activities e.g. , 18 U.S.C. 2339A and 2339B). 
 Applicable Margin means, as of any date of determination, with respect to the interest rate of any Revolving Loan or the Term Loan (or any portion thereof) , (x) with respect to any Reference Rate Loan, 8.00 per annum and (y) with respect to any SOFR Loan, 9.00 per annum. 
 (a) From the Effective Date until the date on which quarterly financial statements and a Compliance Certificate are received by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 7.01(a)(ii) and Section 7.01(a)(iv) for the first fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date (the Initial Applicable Margin Period ), the relevant Applicable Margin shall be set at Level I in the table below. 
 (b) After the Initial Applicable Margin Period, the relevant Applicable Margin shall be set at the respective level indicated below based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio set forth opposite thereto, which ratio shall be calculated as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for which quarterly financial statements and a Compliance Certificate are received by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 7.01(a)(ii) and Section 7.01(a)(iv) 
 Level First Lien Leverage Ratio 
 Reference Rate Loans 
 SOFR Loans I Greater than or equal to 4.00 to 1.00 8.00 9.00 II Less than 4.00 to 1 00 and equal to or greater than 3.00 to 1.00 7.00 8.00 III Less than 3.00 to 1.00 and equal to or greater than 2.00 to 1.00 6.50 7.50 IV Less than 2.00 to 1.00 6.00 7.00 
 
 3 

(c) Subject to clause (d) below, the adjustment of the Applicable Margin (if any) will occur two (2) Business Days after the date the Administrative Agent receives the quarterly financial statements and a Compliance Certificate in accordance with Section 7.01(a)(iv) and Section 7.01(a)(iv). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing 
 (i) the Applicable Margin shall be Level I in the table above (x) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a Default or Event of Default, or (y) if for any period, the Administrative Agent does not receive the quarterly financial statements and Compliance Certificate described in clause (c) above, for the period commencing on the date such quarterly financial statements and Compliance Certificate were required to be delivered pursuant to clause (c) above through the date on which such quarterly financial statements and Compliance Certificate are actually received by the Administrative Agent and 
 (ii) in the event that any quarterly financial statement or such Compliance Certificate described in clause (c) above is inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement or any Commitments are in effect when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin for any fiscal period, then the Applicable Margin for such fiscal period shall be adjusted retroactively (to the effective date of the determination of the Applicable Margin that was based upon the delivery of such inaccurate quarterly financial statement or Compliance Certificate) to reflect the correct Applicable Margin, and the Borrower shall promptly make payments to the Administrative Agent to reflect such adjustment. 
 Applicable Premium means 
 (a) as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (c), (d) or (e) of the definition thereof 
 (i) during the period from and after the Effective Date up to and including the date that is the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Effective Date (the First Period ), an amount equal to 3.00 times the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event 
 (ii) during the period after the First Period up to and including the date that is the twenty-four (24) month anniversary of the Effective Date (the Second Period ), an amount equal to 2.00 times the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event 
 (iii) during the period after the Second Period up to and including the date that is the thirty-six (36) month anniversary of the Effective Date (the Third Period ), an amount equal to 1.00 times the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and 
 (iv) thereafter, zero 
 4 

(b) as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (a) of the definition thereof 
 (i) during the First Period, an amount equal to 3.00 times the amount of the permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitments on such date 
 (ii) during the Second Period, an amount equal to 2.00 times the amount of the permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitments on such date 
 (iii) during the Third Period, an amount equal to 1.00 times the amount of the permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitments on such date and 
 (iii) thereafter, zero 
 (c) as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (b) of the definition thereof 
 (i) during the First Period, an amount equal to 3.00 times the amount of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans being paid on such date 
 (ii) during the Second Period, an amount equal to 2.00 times the amount of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans being paid on such date 
 (iii) during the Third Period, an amount equal to 1.00 times the amount of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans being paid on such date and 
 (iii) thereafter, zero. 
 Applicable Premium Trigger Event means 
 (a) any permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 9.01 
 (b) any payment by any Loan Party of all, or any part, of the principal balance of any Term Loan for any reason (including, without limitation, any optional prepayment or mandatory prepayment other than (x) any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.06(c)(i) or Section 2.06(c)(iv) and (y) any regularly scheduled amortization payment made pursuant to the first sentence of Section 2.03(b) (z) whether before or after (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default, or (ii) the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding, and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any reason) of the Obligations 
 (c) the acceleration of the Obligations for any reason, including, without limitation, acceleration in accordance with Section 9.01, including as a result of the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding 
 (d) the satisfaction, release, payment, restructuring, reorganization, replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the Obligations in any Insolvency Proceeding, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of a distribution of any kind in any Insolvency Proceeding to any Agent, for the account of the Lenders in full or partial satisfaction of the Obligations or 
 5 

(e) the termination of this Agreement for any reason. 
 Assignment and Acceptance means an assignment and acceptance entered into by an assigning Lender and an assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in accordance with Section 12.07 hereof and substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto or such other form acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Assignment of Business Interruption Insurance Policy means that certain Assignment of Business Interruption Insurance Policy as Collateral Security, dated as of the date hereof, made by Holdings in favor of the Collateral Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 Authorized Officer means, with respect to any Person, the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or other financial officer performing similar functions, secretary, president or executive vice president of such Person. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Availability means, at any time, the difference between (a) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time and any successor statute or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and a replacement of the applicable Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 2.08(f), then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.08(f). 
 Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders as the replacement Benchmark in their reasonable discretion provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Reference Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no 
 6 

market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative. 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified date to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark or (b) all Available Tenors of such Benchmark are or will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. 
 Blue Torch has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 
 Board of Directors means with respect to (a) any corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) a partnership, the board of directors of the general partner of the partnership, (c) a limited liability company, the managing member or members, any controlling committee or board of directors of such company, the manager or board of managers, the sole member or the managing member thereof, and (d) any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required to close provided that for purposes of determining the borrowing, payment or continuation of, or determination of interest rate on, SOFR Loans, Business Day shall exclude any day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of (a) the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period that in accordance with GAAP are or should be included in property, plant and equipment or in a similar fixed asset account on its balance sheet, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, including all Capitalized Lease Obligations, obligations under synthetic leases and 
 7 

capitalized software costs that are paid or due and payable during such period and (b) to the extent not covered by clause (a) above, the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period to acquire by purchase or otherwise the business or fixed assets of, or the Equity Interests of, any other Person. 
 Capitalized Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property by such Person as lessee that is required under GAAP to be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person. 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person, obligations of such Person and its Subsidiaries under Capitalized Leases, and, for purposes hereof, the amount of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case, maturing within six months from the date of acquisition thereof (b) commercial paper, maturing not more than 270 days after the date of issue rated P 1 by Moody s or A 1 by Standard & Poor s (c) certificates of deposit maturing not more than 270 days after the date of issue, issued by commercial banking institutions and money market or demand deposit accounts maintained at commercial banking institutions, each of which is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 (d) repurchase agreements having maturities of not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition which are entered into with major money center banks included in the commercial banking institutions described in clause (c) above and which are secured by readily marketable direct obligations of the United States Government or any agency thereof (e) money market accounts maintained with mutual funds having assets in excess of 2,500,000,000, which assets are primarily comprised of Cash Equivalents described in another clause of this definition and (f) marketable tax exempt securities rated A or higher by Moody s or A+ or higher by Standard & Poor s, in each case, maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof. 
 Cash Management Accounts means the bank accounts of each Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) maintained at one or more Cash Management Banks listed on Schedule 8.01 hereto. 
 Cash Management Bank has the meaning specified therefor in Section 8.01(a). 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Change of Control means each occurrence of any of the following 
 8 

Article 1 the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than a Permitted Holder of beneficial ownership of more than 33 of the aggregate outstanding voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of Holdings 
 (i) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors of Holdings (together with any new directors whose election by such Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of Holdings was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors of Holdings then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of such period, or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of Holdings 
 (ii) (i) Holdings shall cease to have beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 100 of the aggregate voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of the Borrower and (ii) Holdings shall cease to have beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 100 (or such lesser percentage as may be set forth on Schedule 6.01(e)) of the aggregate voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (other than in connection with any transaction permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(c)(i)), free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens) or 
 (iii) a Change of Control (or any comparable term or provision) under or with respect to any of the Equity Interests or Indebtedness of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility. 
 Collateral means all of the property and assets and all interests therein and proceeds thereof now owned or hereafter acquired by any Person upon which a Lien is granted or purported to be granted by such Person as security for all or any part of the Obligations. 
 Collateral Agent has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Collateral Agent Advances has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.08(a). 
 Collections means all cash, checks, notes, instruments, and other items of payment (including insurance proceeds, proceeds of cash sales, rental proceeds, and tax refunds). 
 Commitments means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and Term Loan Commitment. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit E, duly executed by an Authorized Officer of Holdings. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA shall mean, for any period, the Consolidated EBITDA for such period plus or minus, as applicable, to the extent a Permitted Acquisition or a 
 9 

Disposition of assets by Holdings or its Subsidiaries has been consummated during such period, the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to such Permitted Acquisition or such Disposition, as the case may be (but only that portion of the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the portion of such period that occurred prior to the date of consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or such Disposition, as the case may be). 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, with respect to any Person for any period 
 (a) the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period, plus 
 (b) without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such period 
 (i) any provision for United States federal income taxes or other taxes measured by net income (including any potential surcharges related to the timing difference of the provisional tax payments and the annual tax payments that would otherwise been paid as a tax expense), 
 (ii) Consolidated Net Interest Expense, 
 (iii) any loss from extraordinary items or non-recurring items provided that the aggregate amount of all addbacks pursuant to this clause (iii), together with all addbacks for non-recurring items pursuant to clause (viii)(B) below, shall not exceed 5 of Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings in any period, 
 (iv) any non-cash loss related to fair value adjustments (including with respect to the Existing Warrants), 
 (v) any depreciation and amortization expense, 
 (vi) any aggregate net loss on the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business, and 
 (vii) any other non-cash expenditure, charge or loss for such period (other than any non-cash expenditure, charge or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts and Inventory), 
 (viii) non-recurring cash restructuring expenses and other transaction expenses (including in connection with Project Thunder) in an aggregate amount (A) for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, not to exceed 3,000,000, and (B) for any subsequent period, not to exceed (together with all addbacks for non-recurring items pursuant to clause (iii)(B) above), 5 of Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings for the most recently concluded fiscal quarter for which financial statements were delivered or were required to be delivered in accordance with Section 7.01(a)(ii), 
 (ix) any non-cash losses relating to currency translation adjustments when converting the results of Foreign Subsidiaries to Dollars for such period, 
 (x) the actual amount of reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs, and expenses paid during such period in connection with the negotiation, execution, and delivery of (A) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (B) amendments to the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility in 
 10 

connection with this Agreement, in each case, to the extent such amounts are invoiced and paid on or prior to the Effective Date (or within 120 days thereafter) provided that the aggregate amount of all addbacks for non-recurring items pursuant to this clause (x) shall not exceed 5,250,000, 
 (xi) any additional addbacks satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, minus 
 (c) without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent included in the calculation of such Consolidated Net Income for such period 
 (i) any credit for United States federal income taxes or other taxes measured by net income, 
 (ii) any gain from extraordinary items, 
 (iii) any aggregate net gain from the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business, 
 (iv) any other non-cash gain, including any reversal of a charge referred to in clause (b)(vi) above by reason of a decrease in the value of any Equity Interest 
 in each case, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consolidated EBITDA for any period set forth on Schedule 1.01(D) shall be deemed equal to the amount for such period set forth on Schedule 1.01(D). 
 Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any Person, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period provided , however , that the following shall be excluded (a) the net income of any other Person in which such Person or one of its Subsidiaries has a joint interest with a third-party (which interest does not cause the net income of such other Person to be consolidated into the net income of such Person), except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions paid to such Person or Subsidiary, (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of such Person that is, on the last day of such period, subject to any restriction or limitation on the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions, to the extent of such restriction or limitation, and (c) the net income of any other Person arising prior to such other Person becoming a Subsidiary of such Person or merging or consolidating into such Person or its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Net Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) gross interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP (including, without limitation, interest expense paid to Affiliates of such Person), less (b) the sum of (i) interest income for such period and (ii) gains for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in interest income above and to the extent not deducted in the calculation of gross interest expense), plus (c) the sum of (i) losses for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense) and (ii) the upfront costs or fees for such period associated with Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense), in each case, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP. 
 Contingent Indemnity Obligations means any Obligation constituting a contingent indemnification obligation of any Loan Party, in each case, to the extent (a) such 
 11 

obligation has not accrued and is not yet due and payable and (b) no claim has been made with respect thereto. 
 Contingent Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intending to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, (a) the direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement, and (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof provided , however , that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include any product warranties extended in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation with respect to which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability with respect thereto (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control Agreement means, with respect to any deposit account, any securities account, commodity account, securities entitlement or commodity contract, an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, among the Collateral Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such account is maintained or with which such entitlement or contract is carried and the Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) maintaining such account, effective to grant control (as defined under the applicable UCC) over such account to the Collateral Agent. 
 Controlled Investment Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person that (a) directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person and (b) is organized by such Person primarily for the purpose of making equity or debt investments in one or more companies. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 
 Cure Right has the meaning specified in Section 9.02. 
 Current Value has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(m). 
 Debtor Relief Law means the Bankruptcy Code and any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, 
 12 

receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief law of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time in effect. 
 Default means an event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 Deferred Monroe Fees means fees owed to Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC in respect of fees accrued prior to the Effective Date under the Existing First Lien Credit Agreement in an amount equal to 3,448,385. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Lender. 
 Disbursement Letter means a disbursement letter, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, by and among the Loan Parties, the Agents, the Lenders and the other Persons party thereto, and the related funds flow memorandum describing the sources and uses of all cash payments in connection with the transactions contemplated to occur on the Effective Date. 
 Disposition means any transaction, or series of related transactions, pursuant to which any Person or any of its Subsidiaries sells (including, without limitation, any sale leaseback transaction), assigns, transfers, leases, licenses (as licensor) or otherwise disposes of 
 13 

any property or assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any other Person, in each case, whether or not the consideration therefor consists of cash, securities or other assets owned by the acquiring Person. For purposes of clarification, Disposition shall include (a) the sale or other disposition for value of any contracts, (b) any disposition of property through a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, or (c) the early termination or modification of any contract resulting in the receipt by any Loan Party of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event (other than payments in the ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts due through the date of termination or modification). 
 Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends or distributions in cash, or (d) is convertible into or exchangeable for (i) Indebtedness or (ii) any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case of clauses (a) through (d), prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date. 
 Dollar , Dollars and the symbol each means lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state or commonwealth thereof or under the laws of the District of Columbia. 
 Earn-out Obligations means seller notes, earn-outs or other obligations (other than customary purchase price adjustments and indemnification obligations) in connection with an Acquisition. 
 ECF Percentage means, for the fiscal year of Holdings ending on December 31, 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter, (i) 50.0 if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 2.50 1.00 as of the last day of such fiscal year, and (ii) 25.0 if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than 2.50 1.00 as of the last day of such fiscal year. 
 Effective Date has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.01. 
 Employee Plan means an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), regardless of whether subject to ERISA, that any Loan Party maintains, sponsors or contributes to or is obligated to contribute to. 
 Environmental Claim means any action, suit, complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter or other communication, from any Person or Governmental Authority relating to or arising out of any threatened, alleged or actual (a) violation of, non-compliance with, or liability under, any Environmental Law, or (b) the manufacture, use, handling, processing, distribution, labeling, generation, transportation, storage, treatment, Release, threatened Release, disposal or arranging for the disposal of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Law means any Requirement of Law relating to, regulating or governing (i) the pollution or protection of the environment, any environmental media, natural resources, human health or safety, or (ii) the manufacture, use, handling, processing, distribution, 
 14 

labeling, generation, transportation, storage, treatment, Release, threatened Release, disposal or arranging for the disposal of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Liability means all liabilities (contingent or otherwise, known or unknown), monetary obligations, losses (including monies paid in settlement), damages, natural resource damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, costs, client charges and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest arising directly or indirectly as a result of, from, or based upon (a) any Environmental Claim, (b) any actual, alleged or threatened violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit, (c) any actual, alleged or threatened Release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Materials, (d) any Remedial Action, (e) any adverse environmental condition or (f) any contract, agreement or other arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed contractually or by operation of law with respect to any of the foregoing clauses (a)-(e). 
 Environmental Lien means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority arising out of any Environmental Liability. 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, license, authorization, approval, registration or entitlement required by or issued pursuant to any Environmental Law or by any Governmental Authority pursuant to Environmental Law. 
 Equity Interests means (a) all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting and (b) all securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable. 
 Equity Issuance means either (a) the sale or issuance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any shares of its Equity Interests or (b) the receipt by Holdings of any cash capital contributions. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute of similar import, and regulations thereunder, in each case, as in effect from time to time. References to sections of ERISA shall be construed also to refer to any successor sections. 
 ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of which such Person is a member and which would be deemed to be a controlled group or under common control within the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c) (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code or Sections 4001(a)(14) or 4001(b)(1) of ERISA. 
 ERISA Event means (a) the occurrence of a Reportable Event with respect to any Pension Plan (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standards of Section 412 or 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 or 303 of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA) or the failure to make a contribution or installment required under Section 412 or Section 430(j) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan (c) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (d) a determination that any Multiemployer 
 15 

Plan is, or is expected to be, in critical or endangered status under Section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 305 of ERISA (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of an amendment to a Pension Plan as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA (f) the withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (g) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition that might constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan (h) the imposition of liability on any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069(a) of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA (i) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan or the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is insolvent pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA (j) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on any Loan Party of material fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Sections 4975 or 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code or under Section 409, Section 502(c), (i) or (l), or Section 4071 of ERISA in respect of any Employee Plan or Pension Plan (k) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent, upon any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates (l) the assertion of a claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Employee Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in connection with any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (m) receipt from the Internal Revenue Service of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any such Pension Plan (or such other Employee Plan) to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (n) the imposition on any Loan Party of any material fine, excise tax or penalty with respect to any Employee Plan, Pension Plan, or Multiemployer Plan resulting from any noncompliance with any Requirements of Law (o) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan or (p) the occurrence of any Foreign Plan Event. 
 Erroneous Distribution has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.18. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01. 
 Excess Cash Flow means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, less (b) the sum of, without duplication, (i) all cash principal payments (excluding any principal payments made pursuant to Section 2.06(c)) on the Loans made during such period (but, in the case of the Revolving Loans, only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), and all cash principal payments on Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement) of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries during such period to the extent such other Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement (but, in the case of revolving loans, only to the extent that the revolving credit commitment in respect thereof is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), (ii) all cash payment made in respect of Existing Earn-Out Obligations to the extent such payment is permitted by this Agreement, and all cash payments made in respect of Permitted Future Earn-Out Obligations, (iii) all Consolidated Net Interest Expense to the extent paid or payable in cash during such period, (iv) the cash portion of Capital Expenditures made by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period to the extent 
 16 

permitted to be made under this Agreement (excluding Capital Expenditures to the extent financed through the incurrence of Indebtedness or through an Equity Issuance), (v) all scheduled loan servicing fees and other similar fees in respect of Indebtedness of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries paid in cash during such period, to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement, (vi) income taxes paid in cash by such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, (vii) provisions for income and franchise taxes payable by such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, (viii) Tax Distributions, (ix) all cash expenses, cash charges, cash losses and other cash items that were added back in the determination of Consolidated EBITDA for such period and (x) the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the end of such period over Working Capital at the beginning of such period (or minus the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the beginning of such period over Working Capital at the end of such period). 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Excluded Account means (a) any deposit account specifically and exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of any Loan Party s employees and (b) any Petty Cash Accounts. 
 Excluded Equity Issuance means (a) in the event that Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries forms any Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement, the issuance by such Subsidiary of Equity Interests to Holdings or such Subsidiary, as applicable, (b) the issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings to any Person that is an equity holder of Holdings prior to such issuance (an Equity Holder so long as such Equity Holder did not acquire any Equity Interests of Holdings so as to become an Equity Holder concurrently with, or in contemplation of, the issuance of such Equity Interests to such Equity Holder, (c) the issuance of Equity Interests of Holdings to directors, officers and employees of Holdings and its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock option plans (or other employee incentive plans or other compensation arrangements) approved by the Board of Directors of Holdings, and (d) the issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of Holdings to its parent or member in connection with the contribution by such parent or member to such Subsidiary of the proceeds of an issuance described in clauses (a) (c) above. 
 Excluded Foreign Subsidiary means any Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Mexican Loan Party as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason not to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time the guarantee of such Guarantor becomes effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on 
 17 

amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.10, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.10(d) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Executive Order No. 13224 means the Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced. 
 Existing Earn-Out Obligations means the Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.02(b)(ii), including, for the avoidance of doubt, the AN Extend Earn-Out. 
 Existing First Lien Credit Facility means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2019 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof) by and among the Loan Parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC, as administrative agent and lead arranger. 
 Existing First Lien Lenders means the lenders party to the Existing First Lien Credit Facility. 
 Existing Second Lien Collateral Agent means GLAS Americas LLC. 
 Existing Second Lien Credit Facility means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021 (as v i amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement dated as of December 9, 2021, w ii amended by that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement dated as of March 30, 2022, x iii amended by that certain Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement dated as of the date of this Agreement, y iv amended by that certain Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2022 , (v) amended by that certain Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement dated as of November 22, 2022, (vi) amended by that certain Amendment No. 6 to the Credit Agreement dated as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and that certain Waiver to Credit Agreement dated as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, and z vii further amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) by and among the Loan Parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto, the Existing Second Lien Collateral Agent, as collateral agent and GLAS USA LLC, as administrative agent. 
 Existing Second Lien Lenders means the lenders party to the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility. 
 Existing Warrants means warrants for Class A ordinary shares of Holdings that have been issued prior to the Effective Date to the Existing First Lien Lenders. 
 Exitus Indebtedness means Indebtedness in the aggregate principal amount of 3,700,000 1,580,000 pursuant to that certain Simple Loan Facility Agreement and related promissory note, in each case, dated as of July 26, 2021 by AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. de C.V. in favor of Exitus Capital, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 Exitus Obligor means AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 18 

Exitus Renewal Fee means certain renewal fees with respect to the Exitus Indebtedness, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 444,000 in the aggregate. 
 Exitus Subordination Agreement means that certain Subordination Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2021, by and among the Administrative Agent (as successor to the administrative agent under the Existing First Lien Credit Facility), Holdings, the Borrower, AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. de C.V. and Exitus Capital, S.A.P.I. de C.V., as said agreement may be supplemented by an agreement in which Exitus Capital, S.A.P.I. de C.V. confirms the subordination provided thereby with respect to the Obligations. 
 Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of proceeds described in Section 2.06(c)(ii) or (iii) hereof or proceeds of Indebtedness), including, without limitation, (a) foreign, United States, state or local tax refunds, (b) pension plan reversions, (c) proceeds of insurance (other than to the extent such insurance proceeds are (i) immediately payable to a Person that is not Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law or with Contractual Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business or (ii) received by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any out-of-pocket costs incurred or made by such Person prior to the receipt thereof directly related to the event resulting from the payment of such proceeds), (d) judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action, (e) condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), (f) indemnity payments (other than to the extent such indemnity payments are (i) immediately payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) received by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any costs previously incurred or any payment previously made by such Person) and (g) any purchase price adjustment received in connection with any purchase agreement. 
 Facility means the real property identified on Schedule 1.01(B) and any New Facility hereafter acquired by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the land on which each such facility is located, all buildings and other improvements thereon, and all fixtures located thereat or used in connection therewith. 
 Fair Share Contribution Amount has the meaning specified therefor in Section 11.06. 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code and any fiscal, tax or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
 FCPA has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next 
 19 

succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 Fee Letter means , collectively, (x) the fee letter, dated as of May 27, 2022, among the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, and (y) the fee letter, dated as of the date hereof Amendment No. 4 Effective Date , among the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 
 Final Maturity Date means the earlier of (a) May 27 January 1 , 2026 2025 , and (b) May 1, 2023 provided that, this clause (b) shall not apply if (i) Requisite Shareholder Approval (as defined in the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility) has been obtained or is deemed to have been obtained, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility, on or prior to May 1, 2023 or (ii) the Outstanding Obligations due to the Tranche B-1 Lender and the Tranche B-2 Lender (each as defined under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility) have been converted into Conversion Payment Shares (as defined in the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility) on or before June 15, 2023. If any such date in this definition is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day shall be deemed to be the Final Maturity Date hereunder. 
 Financial Advisor has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(s)(i). 
 Financial Statements means (a) the audited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the Fiscal Year then ended, and (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholder s equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter then ended. 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries for any period, the ratio of (a) all Indebtedness described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) in the definition thereof of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such period that is secured by a Lien on assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of such date which is pari passu with or senior to the Liens securing the Obligations as of such date (other than Indebtedness under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility) to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period. 
 First Period has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Applicable Premium . 
 Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of a Fiscal Year. 
 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending on December 31 of each year. 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to 1.00 per annum. 
 Foreign Plan means any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained, sponsored or contributed to, or for which there is an obligation to contribute to, by any Loan Party that is subject to any Requirements of Laws other than, or in addition to, the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the laws of the District of Columbia. 
 20 

Foreign Plan Event means, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (a) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any Requirement of Law, or in excess of the amount that would be permitted absent a waiver from a Governmental Authority, (b) the failure to make any required contribution or payment under any Requirement of Law within the time permitted by any Requirement of Law for such contributions or payments, (c) the receipt of a notice from a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Plan, (d) the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary under any law on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein, or (e) the occurrence of any transaction with respect to a Foreign Plan that is prohibited under any Requirement of Law and that could reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or the imposition on any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any material fine, excise tax or penalty with respect to a Foreign Plan resulting from any noncompliance with any Requirement of Law. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Holdings that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Funding Losses has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States, applied on a consistent basis, provided that for the purpose of Section 7.03 hereof and the definitions used therein, GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date hereof and consistent with those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements, provided , further , that if there occurs after the date of this Agreement any change in GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any covenant contained in Section 7.03 hereof, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenant with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and the Borrower after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the date of this Agreement and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, the covenants in Section 7.03 hereof shall be calculated as if no such change in GAAP has occurred. 
 Governing Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, and the operating agreement or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents) (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture, declaration or other applicable agreement or documentation evidencing or otherwise relating to its formation or organization, governance and capitalization and (d) with respect to any of the entities described above, any other agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation, incorporation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation, incorporation or organization. 
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any foreign, Federal, state, territory, provincial, city, town, municipality, county, local or other political subdivision thereof or thereto and any department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality, agency or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 21 

Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified therefor in Section 11.01. 
 Guarantor means (a) Holdings, and each other Subsidiary of Holdings listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages hereto, and (b) each other Person which guarantees, pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or otherwise, all or any part of the Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, no Excluded Foreign Subsidiary or Immaterial Subsidiary shall be a Guarantor. 
 Guaranty means (a) the guaranty of each Guarantor party hereto contained in Article XI hereof and (b) each other guaranty, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by any other Guarantor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders guaranteeing all or part of the Obligations. 
 Hazardous Material means any element, material, substance, waste, compound or chemical that is defined, listed or otherwise classified as a contaminant, pollutant, toxic or hazardous substance, hazardous waste, universal waste, special waste, or solid waste or is otherwise characterized by words of similar import under any Environmental Law or that is regulated under, or for which liability or standards of care are imposed, pursuant to any Environmental Law, including, without limitation, petroleum, polychlorinated biphenyls asbestos-containing materials, lead or lead-containing materials, urea formaldehyde-containing materials, radioactive materials, radon, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and mold. 
 Hedging Agreement means any interest rate, foreign currency, commodity or equity swap, collar, cap, floor or forward rate agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or currency, commodity or equity values (including, without limitation, any option with respect to any of the foregoing and any combination of the foregoing agreements or arrangements), and any confirmation executed in connection with any such agreement or arrangement. 
 Highest Lawful Rate means, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, the maximum non-usurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the Obligations under laws applicable to such Agent or such Lender which are currently in effect or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be in effect and which allow a higher maximum non-usurious interest rate than applicable laws now allow. 
 Holdout Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(c). 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that, as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of Holdings, when taken together with all other Immaterial Subsidiaries, have not, in the aggregate, contributed greater than 3 of the Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended or greater than 3 of the total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as shown on the most recent balance sheet of Holdings delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(ii) or (iii) provided that, if at any time the aggregate amount of that portion of Consolidated EBITDA of all Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties exceeds 3 of Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings and its Subsidiaries or greater than 3 of the total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any such period, the Borrower shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries as Loan Parties to cause that portion of Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings generated by Immaterial Subsidiaries to equal or be less than 3 of EBITDA and the portion of total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries to equal or be less than 3 , and Holdings shall cause all such Subsidiaries so designated to become a Guarantor and deliver all applicable Loan Documents in accordance with Section 7.01(b)(i). 
 22 

Incremental Revolving Loan has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.05(a). 
 Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables or other accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business and not outstanding for more than 90 days after the date such payable was created and any earn-out, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation until such obligation appears in the liabilities section of the balance sheet of such Person) (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments or upon which interest payments are customarily made (d) all reimbursement, payment or other obligations and liabilities of such Person created or arising under any conditional sales or other title retention agreement with respect to property used and or acquired by such Person, even though the rights and remedies of the lessor, seller and or lender thereunder may be limited to repossession or sale of such property (e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person (f) all obligations and liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of such Person, in respect of letters of credit, acceptances and similar facilities (g) all obligations and liabilities, calculated on a basis satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and in accordance with accepted practice, of such Person under Hedging Agreements (h) all monetary obligations under any receivables factoring, receivable sales or similar transactions and all monetary obligations under any synthetic lease, tax ownership operating lease, off-balance sheet financing or similar financing (i) all Contingent Obligations (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests and (k) all obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (j) of this definition of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien upon property owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership of or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer. 
 Indemnified Matters has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15. 
 Insolvency Proceeding means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of any Debtor Relief Law. 
 Intellectual Property has the meaning specified therefor in the Security Agreement. 
 Intellectual Property Contracts means all agreements concerning Intellectual Property, including without limitation license agreements, technology consulting agreements, confidentiality agreements, co-existence agreements, consent agreements and non-assertion agreements. 
 Intercompany Subordination Agreement means an Intercompany Subordination Agreement made by Holdings and its Subsidiaries in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 23 

Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Loan Parties, the Collateral Agent and the Existing Second Lien Collateral Agent. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to each SOFR Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such Term SOFR Loan (or the continuation of a SOFR Loan or the conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan) and ending three months thereafter provided , however , that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended (subject to clauses (c)-(e) below) to the next succeeding Business Day, (b) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon the Term SOFR Reference Rate from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires, (c) any Interest Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (d) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month that is one or three months after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable, and (e) the Borrower may not elect an Interest Period which will end after the Final Maturity Date. 
 Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Inventory means, with respect to any Person, all goods and merchandise of such Person leased or held for sale or lease by such Person, including, without limitation, all raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods, and all packaging, supplies and materials of every nature used or usable in connection with the shipping, storing, advertising or sale of such goods and merchandise, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and all such other property the sale or other disposition of which would give rise to an Account or cash. 
 Investment means, with respect to any Person, (a) any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees, advances or other extensions of credit (excluding Accounts arising in the ordinary course of business), capital contributions or acquisitions of Indebtedness (including, any bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities), Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line of such other Person), (b) the purchase or ownership of any futures contract or liability for the purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract, or (c) any investment in any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A, duly executed by a Subsidiary of a Loan Party made a party hereto pursuant to Section 7.01(b). 
 Lease means any lease, sublease or license of, or other agreement granting a possessory interest in, real property to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as lessor, lessee, sublessor, sublessee, licensor or licensee. 
 Lender has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, pledge, lien (statutory or otherwise), security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security or preferential 
 24 

arrangement of any nature, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, any Capitalized Lease and any collateral assignment, deposit arrangement or financing lease intended as, or having the effect of, security. 
 Liquidity means Availability plus Qualified Cash. 
 Loan means the Term Loan or any Revolving Loan made by an Agent or a Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Article II hereof. 
 Loan Account means an account maintained hereunder by the Administrative Agent on its books of account at the Payment Office, and with respect to the Borrower, in which the Borrower will be charged with all Loans made to, and all other Obligations incurred by, the Borrower. 
 Loan Document means this Agreement, the Assignment of Business Interruption Insurance Policy, any Control Agreement, the Disbursement Letter, the Fee Letter, any Guaranty, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the AGS Subordination Agreement, the Exitus Subordination Agreement, any Joinder Agreement, any Mortgage, any Security Agreement, any UCC Filing Authorization Letter, the VCOC Management Rights Agreement, any landlord waiver, any collateral access agreement, any Perfection Certificate and any other agreement, instrument, certificate, report and other document executed and delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or otherwise evidencing or securing any Loan or any other Obligation, in each case, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, renewed or replaced from time to time. 
 Loan Party means the Borrower and any Guarantor. 
 Material Adverse Effect means any event, development, state of facts, change, circumstance, occurrence, condition or effect that, either individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on any of (a) the operations, assets, liabilities, financial condition or prospects of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties to perform any of their obligations under any Loan Document, (c) the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (d) the rights and remedies of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or (e) the validity, perfection or priority of a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on Collateral having a fair market value in excess of 250,000. 
 Material Contract means, with respect to any Person, (a) each contract listed on Schedule 6.01(v), (b) each contract or agreement to which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries is a party involving aggregate consideration payable to or by such Person or such Subsidiary of 250,000 or more in any Fiscal Year (other than purchase orders in the ordinary course of the business of such Person or such Subsidiary and other than contracts that by their terms may be terminated by such Person or Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business upon less than 60 days notice without penalty or premium), and (c) each other contract or agreement as to which the breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Mexican Loan Parties means AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. and AgileThought Mexico, S.A. de C.V.. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 25 

Mortgage means a mortgage (including, without limitation, a leasehold mortgage), deed of trust or deed to secure debt, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, securing the Obligations and delivered to the Collateral Agent. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has contributed, or has been obligated to contribute, to at any time during the preceding six calendar years. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means, with respect to, any issuance or incurrence of any Indebtedness, any Equity Issuance, any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts by any Person or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of cash received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Person or such Subsidiary, in connection therewith after deducting therefrom only (a) in the case of any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards, the amount of any Indebtedness secured by any Permitted Lien on any asset (other than Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such asset) which is required to be, and is, repaid in connection therewith (other than Indebtedness under this Agreement), (b) reasonable expenses related thereto incurred by such Person or such Subsidiary in connection therewith, (c) transfer taxes paid to any taxing authorities by such Person or such Subsidiary in connection therewith, and (d) net income taxes to be paid in connection therewith (after taking into account any tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), in each case, to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are (i) actually paid to a Person that, except in the case of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, is not an Affiliate of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) properly attributable to such transaction or to the asset that is the subject thereof. 
 New Facility has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(m). 
 Notice of Borrowing has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(a). 
 Obligations means all present and future indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities of each Loan Party to the Agents and the Lenders arising under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, whether or not the right of payment in respect of such claim is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured, unsecured, and whether or not such claim is discharged, stayed or otherwise affected by any proceeding referred to in Section 9.01. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of each Loan Party under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation (irrespective of whether a claim therefor is allowed in an Insolvency Proceeding) to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, premiums (including the Applicable Premium), attorneys fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by such Person under the Loan Documents, and (b) the obligation of such Person to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Agent or any Lender (in its sole discretion) may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Person. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
 Operational Advisor has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(s)(ii). 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, 
 26 

delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(i). 
 Payment Office means the Administrative Agent s office located at 150 East 58 th Street, 18 th Floor, New York, New York 10155, or at such other office or offices of the Administrative Agent as may be designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 
 Pension Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA that is subject to Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA maintained, sponsored or contributed to, or for which there is an obligation to contribute to, by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates at any time during the preceding six calendar years. 
 Perfection Certificate means a certificate in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent providing information with respect to the property of each Loan Party. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by a Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) to the extent that each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied 
 (1) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition 
 (2) to the extent the Acquisition will be financed in whole or in part with the proceeds of any Loan, the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 shall have been satisfied 
 (3) the Borrower shall have furnished to the Agents at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition (i) an executed term sheet and or commitment letter (setting forth in reasonable detail the terms and conditions of such Acquisition) and, at the request of any Agent, such other information and documents that any Agent may request, including, without limitation, executed counterparts of the respective agreements, instruments or other documents pursuant to which such Acquisition is to be consummated (including, without limitation, any related management, non-compete, employment, option or other material agreements), any schedules to such agreements, instruments or other documents and all other material ancillary agreements, instruments or other documents to be executed or delivered in connection therewith, (ii) pro forma financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries after the consummation of such Acquisition, (iii) a certificate of the chief financial officer of Holdings, demonstrating on a pro forma basis compliance, as at the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internally prepared financial statements are available, with all covenants set forth in Section 7.03 hereof after the 
 27 

consummation of such Acquisition, and (iv) copies of such other agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent shall reasonably request 
 (4) the agreements, instruments and other documents referred to in paragraph (c) above shall provide that (i) neither the Loan Parties nor any of their Subsidiaries shall, in connection with such Acquisition, assume or remain liable in respect of any Indebtedness of the Seller or Sellers, or other obligation of the Seller or Sellers (except for Permitted Indebtedness), and (ii) all property to be so acquired in connection with such Acquisition shall be free and clear of any and all Liens, except for Permitted Liens (and if any such property is subject to any Lien not permitted by this clause (ii) then concurrently with such Acquisition such Lien shall be released) 
 (5) such Acquisition shall be effected in such a manner so that the acquired assets or Equity Interests are owned either by a Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) or a wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiary of a Loan Party and, if effected by merger or consolidation involving a Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties), such Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person 
 (6) the Loan Parties shall have Liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 10,000,000 immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the proposed Acquisition 
 (7) the assets being acquired or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired did not have negative Consolidated EBITDA during the 12 consecutive month period most recently concluded prior to the date of the proposed Acquisition 
 (8) the assets being acquired, or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired, are useful in or engaged in, as applicable, the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries or a business reasonably related thereto 
 (9) the assets being acquired are located within the United States or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located within the United States 
 (10) such Acquisition shall be consensual and shall have been approved by the board of directors of the Person whose Equity Interests or assets are proposed to be acquired and shall not have been preceded by an unsolicited tender offer for such Equity Interests by, or proxy contest initiated by, Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or an Affiliate thereof 
 (11) any such Domestic Subsidiary (and its equityholders) shall execute and deliver the agreements, instruments and other documents required by Section 7.01(b) on or prior to the date of the consummation of such Acquisition and 
 (12) the Purchase Price payable in respect of any single Acquisition or series of related Acquisitions shall not exceed an amount equal to 15 of Revenue of the Borrower for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended prior to the date of such Acquisition and . 
 Permitted Cure Equity means Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings. 
 Permitted Disposition means 
 (1) sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 28 

(2) licensing, on a non-exclusive basis, Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business 
 (3) leasing or subleasing assets in the ordinary course of business 
 (4) (i) the lapse of Registered Intellectual Property of Holdings and its Subsidiaries to the extent not economically desirable in the conduct of their business or (ii) the abandonment of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), (A) with respect to copyrights, such copyrights are not material revenue generating copyrights, and (B) such lapse is not materially adverse to the interests of the Secured Parties 
 (5) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property 
 (6) any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property 
 (7) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, transfers of assets (i) from Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to a Loan Party (other than Holdings or the Mexican Loan Parties), and (ii) from any Subsidiary of Holdings that is not a Loan Party (or is the Mexican Loan Parties) to any other Subsidiary of Holdings 
 (8) Permitted Factoring Dispositions 
 (9) Disposition of obsolete or worn-out equipment in the ordinary course of business, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, for all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, 250,000 in any Fiscal Year and 
 (10) Disposition of property or assets not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through (i) above for cash in the ordinary course of business for not less than the fair market value of such property or assets, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, for all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, 500,000 in any Fiscal Year 
 provided that the Net Cash Proceeds of such Dispositions are paid to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06(c)(ii) or applied as provided in Section 2.06(c)(vi). 
 Permitted Factoring Dispositions means any Disposition of Accounts via a factoring, reverse factoring or confirming arrangement to any Person that is not an Affiliate of any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, so long as the aggregate face value of all such Accounts that have been so factored, reversed factored or confirmed and not been paid by the account debtor thereof shall not exceed 1,500,000 at any one time outstanding. 
 Permitted Future Earn-out Obligations means, collectively, the aggregate outstanding amount of all Earn-out Obligations incurred after the Effective Date (other than, for avoidance of doubt, the Existing Earn-out Obligations), whether payable in Equity Interests or cash or Cash Equivalents, so long as (a) such Earn-out Obligations are incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, and (b) the aggregate outstanding amount of all such Earn-out Obligations payable in cash does not exceed 10,000,000 and the holders of such Earn-out Obligations have agreed to subordinate their claims with respect thereto to the prior payment of the Obligations pursuant to a subordination agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 29 

Permitted Holder means each of (i) Macfran S.A. de C.V., (ii) Invertis LLC., (iii) Diego Zavala, (iv) Mauricio Rioseco, (v) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the trust No. F 17938-6 (Credit Suisse), (vi) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the trust No. F 17937-8 (Credit Suisse), (vii) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the irrevocable trust for the issuance of senior bonds No. F 173183 (Nexxus), (viii) Nexxus Capital Private Equity Fund, VI, LP, (ix) Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez Elizondo, (x) Rodrigo Franco Hern ndez, (xi) MZM Estrategia, S.A.P.I. de C.V., (xii) Isabelle Richard, (xiii) Georgina Rojas Aboumrad, (xiv) Alejandro Rojas Domene, (xv) Miguel Angel Ambrosi Herrera, (xvi) Banco Invex, S.A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Invex Grupo Financiero acting as trustee pursuant to the Contrato de Fideicomiso Irrevocable de Emisi n de Cert. Burs tiles Fid. de Desarrollo N.F2416 (LIV Mexico Growth IV N.F2416) and (xvii) LIV Mexico Growth Fund IV, L.P. 
 Permitted Indebtedness means 
 (1) any Indebtedness owing to any Agent or any Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
 (2) any other Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.02(b), and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness 
 (3) Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness 
 (4) Permitted Intercompany Investments 
 (5) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, surety, statutory, and appeal bonds 
 (6) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing, or providing financing for, property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to the Loan Parties, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the period in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such period 
 (7) the incurrence by any Loan Party of Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements that are incurred for the bona fide purpose of hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Party s operations and not for speculative purposes 
 (8) Indebtedness incurred in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including so-called procurement cards or P-cards or other similar cash management services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (9) contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions 
 (10) Indebtedness of a Person whose assets or Equity Interests are acquired by Holdings or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition in an aggregate amount 
 30 

not to exceed 250,000 at any one time outstanding provided , that such Indebtedness (i) is either Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness or a Capitalized Lease with respect to equipment or mortgage financing with respect to a Facility, (ii) was in existence prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition, and (iii) was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition 
 (11) unsecured Indebtedness of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries that is incurred on the date of the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition solely for the purpose of consummating such Permitted Acquisition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) such unsecured Indebtedness is not incurred for working capital purposes, (iii) such unsecured Indebtedness does not mature prior to the date that is 12 months after the Final Maturity Date, (iv) such unsecured Indebtedness does not amortize until 12 months after the Final Maturity Date, (v) such unsecured Indebtedness does not provide for the payment of interest thereon in cash or Cash Equivalents prior to the date that is 12 months after the Final Maturity Date, and (vi) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders 
 (12) the Existing Earn-Out Obligations 
 (13) Permitted Future Earn-Out Obligations 
 (14) Subordinated Indebtedness 
 (15) Indebtedness under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility (and any refinancing thereof to the extent permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement), in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 23,000,000, plus the aggregate amount of interest on such Indebtedness that is capitalized or accrued in accordance with the terms of the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility provided that such Indebtedness is subject to, and permitted by, the Intercreditor Agreement 
 (16) Indebtedness arising from Permitting Factoring Dispositions 
 (17) the AGS Indebtedness provided that such Indebtedness is subject to, and permitted by, the AGS Subordination Agreement 
 (18) the Exitus Indebtedness provided that such Indebtedness is subject to, and permitted by, the Exitus Subordination Agreement 
 (19) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, the Unpaid Taxes 
 (20) PPP Indebtedness, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 312,041 
 (21) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit issued by third party financial institutions, so long as the maximum aggregate face amount of such letters of credit shall not exceed 2,000,000 at any time and 
 (22) other unsecured Indebtedness owed to any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed 4,000,000 at any time. 
 Permitted Intercompany Investments means Investments made by (a) a Loan Party to or in another Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties), (b) a Loan Party to or in 
 31 

a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or to the Mexican Loan Parties) so long as either (i) such Investment is made in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) the aggregate amount of all Investments made pursuant to this clause (b)(ii) does not exceed 500,000 at any one time outstanding, (c) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or that is the Mexican Loan Parties) to or in another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or to the Mexican Loan Parties), and (d) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or the Mexican Loan Parties) to or in a Loan Party (including the Investments listed on Schedule 1.01(C)), so long as, in the case of a loan or advance, the parties thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement. 
 Permitted Investments means 
 (i) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (ii) Investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business 
 (iii) advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business 
 (iv) Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an Account Debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries 
 (v) Investments existing on the date hereof, as set forth on Schedule 7.02(e) hereto, but not any increase in the amount thereof as set forth in such Schedule or any other modification of the terms thereof 
 (vi) Permitted Intercompany Investments and 
 (vii) Permitted Acquisitions. 
 Permitted Liens means 
 (1) Liens securing the Obligations 
 (2) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges the payment of which is not required under Section 7.01(c)(ii) 
 (3) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted, and a reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made therefor 
 (4) Liens described on Schedule 7.02(a), provided that any such Lien shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Effective Date and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (5) purchase money Liens on equipment acquired or held by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its business to secure Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness so long as such Lien only (i) attaches to such property and (ii) secures the 
 32 

Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire such property or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (6) deposits and pledges of cash securing (i) obligations incurred in respect of workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits, (ii) the performance of bids, tenders, leases, contracts (other than for the payment of money) and statutory obligations or (iii) obligations on surety or appeal bonds, but only to the extent such deposits or pledges are made or otherwise arise in the ordinary course of business and secure obligations not past due 
 (7) with respect to any Facility, easements, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not (i) secure obligations for the payment of money or (ii) materially impair the value of such property or its use by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the normal conduct of such Person s business 
 (8) Liens of landlords and mortgagees of landlords (i) arising by statute or under any Lease or related Contractual Obligation entered into in the ordinary course of business, (ii) on fixtures and movable tangible property located on the real property leased or subleased from such landlord, or (iii) for amounts not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP 
 (9) the title and interest of a lessor or sublessor in and to personal property leased or subleased (other than through a Capitalized Lease), in each case extending only to such personal property 
 (10) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business 
 (11) judgment liens (other than for the payment of taxes, assessments or other governmental charges) securing judgments and other proceedings not constituting an Event of Default under Section 9.01(j) 
 (12) rights of set-off or bankers liens upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such deposit accounts in the ordinary course of business 
 (13) Liens granted in the ordinary course of business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (14) Liens assumed by Holdings or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition that secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness and 
 (15) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by any Loan Party in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to a Permitted Acquisition 
 (16) Liens on cash collateral securing Indebtedness and obligations relating thereto that is permitted, and not securing any obligations in excess of the amount that is permitted, under clause (u) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness 
 33 

(17) Liens securing the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility, to the extent subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and 
 (18) other Liens granted to any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in the ordinary course of business, so long as such Liens secure obligations in an aggregate outstanding amount that does not exceed 100,000 at any time 
 provided that, other than any Liens Securing the Obligations, in no event shall any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party grant a Lien on (x) any property of any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is organized under the law of Mexico, or (y) any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is organized under the law of Mexico unless, in each such case, such Lien secures the Obligations and (subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement) obligations under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility. 
 
 Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations) incurred to finance the acquisition of any fixed assets secured by a Lien permitted under clause (e) of the definition of Permitted Liens provided that 
 (a) such Indebtedness is incurred within 30 days after such acquisition, 
 (b) such Indebtedness when incurred shall not exceed the purchase price of the asset financed and 
 (c) the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed 750,000 at any time outstanding. 
 Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means the extension of maturity, refinancing or modification of the terms of Indebtedness so long as 
 (1) after giving effect to such extension, refinancing or modification, the amount of such Indebtedness is not greater than the amount of Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to such extension, refinancing or modification (other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto) 
 (2) such extension, refinancing or modification does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity (measured as of the extension, refinancing or modification) of the Indebtedness so extended, refinanced or modified 
 (3) such extension, refinancing or modification is pursuant to terms that are not less favorable to the Loan Parties and the Lenders than the terms of the Indebtedness (including, without limitation, terms relating to the collateral (if any) and subordination (if any)) being extended, refinanced or modified and 
 (4) the Indebtedness that is extended, refinanced or modified is not recourse to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is liable on account of the obligations other than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended . 
 34 

(5) such extension, refinancing or modification shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the assets that secured such Indebtedness being extended, refinanced or modified or, if applicable, shall be unsecured and 
 (6) such extension, refinancing or modification shall not (if secured) have a Lien priority greater than such Indebtedness being extended, refinanced or modified. 
 Permitted Restricted Payments means any of the following Restricted Payments made by 
 (1) any Loan Party to Holdings in amounts necessary to pay taxes and other customary expenses as and when due and owing by Holdings in the ordinary course of its business as a public holding company (including salaries and related reasonable and customary expenses incurred by employees of Holdings), so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the making of such payment, 
 (2) any Loan Party to any other Loan Party (other than Holdings and the Mexican Loan Parties), 
 (3) any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party (or that is the Mexican Loan Parties) to any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, 
 (4) Holdings to pay dividends in the form of common Equity Interests, and 
 (5) Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments constituting Restricted Payments. 
 Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments means, collectively, the Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments, as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Permitted Specified Liens means Permitted Liens described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens, and, solely in the case of Section 7.01(b)(i), including clauses (g), (h) and (i) of the definition of Permitted Liens. 
 Person means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, joint venture or other enterprise or entity or Governmental Authority. 
 Petty Cash Accounts means Cash Management Accounts with deposits at any time in an aggregate amount not in excess of 50,000 for any one account and 150,000 in the aggregate for all such accounts. 
 Post-Default Rate means a rate of interest per annum equal to the rate of interest otherwise in effect from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement plus 2.00 , or, if a rate of interest is not otherwise in effect, interest at the highest rate specified herein for any Loan then outstanding prior to an Event of Default plus 2.00 . 
 PPP Indebtedness means, collectively, certain Indebtedness pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program of the Small Business Administration (a) between Bank of America, as lender, and AgileThought, LLC, as borrower, in the original aggregate principal amount of 310,000, (b) between Bank of America, as lender, and AN USA LLC, as borrower, in the original aggregate principal amount of 42,000 and (c) between Bank of America, as lender, and AGS Alpama Global Services LLC, as borrower, in the original aggregate principal amount of 8,000. 
 35 

Pro Rata Share means, with respect to 
 (1) a Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (A) such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, by (B) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, provided , that, if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances) and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances), 
 (2) a Lender s obligation to make the Term Loan and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) such Lender s Term Loan Commitment, by (ii) the Total Term Loan Commitment, provided that if the Total Term Loan Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s portion of the Term Loan and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, and 
 (3) all other matters (including, without limitation, the indemnification obligations arising under Section 10.05), the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the sum of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and the unpaid principal amount of such Lender s portion of the Term Loan, by (ii) the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, provided , that, if such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances) and if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances). 
 Projections means financial projections of Holdings and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(g)(ii), as updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii). 
 Project Thunder means the fundamental changes described on Schedule 7.02(c). 
 Purchase Price means, with respect to any Acquisition, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate consideration, whether cash, property or securities (including, without limitation, the fair market value of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries issued in connection with such Acquisition), paid or delivered by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration, including, without limitation, in the form of seller financing, royalty payments, payments allocated towards non-compete covenants, payments to principals for consulting services or other similar payments) in connection with such Acquisition, plus (b) the aggregate amount of liabilities of the acquired business (net of current assets of the acquired business) that would be reflected on a balance sheet (if such were to be prepared) of Holdings and its Subsidiaries after giving effect to such Acquisition, plus (c) the aggregate amount of all transaction fees, costs and expenses incurred by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Acquisition. 
 Qualified Cash means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash on-hand of the Loan Parties (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) maintained in deposit accounts in the name of a Loan Party in the United States as of such date, which deposit accounts are, subject to Section 7.01(r), subject to Control Agreements. 
 36 

Qualified Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Real Property Deliverables means each of the following agreements, instruments and other documents in respect of each Facility, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (1) a Mortgage duly executed by the applicable Loan Party, 
 (2) evidence of the recording of each Mortgage in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the Lien purported to be created thereby or to otherwise protect the rights of the Collateral Agent and the Lenders thereunder 
 (3) a Title Insurance Policy or bring-down of the existing Title Insurance Policy with respect to each Mortgage, dated as of the date such Title Insurance Policy is required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent hereunder 
 (4) a current ALTA survey and a surveyor s certificate, certified to the Collateral Agent and to the issuer of the Title Insurance Policy with respect thereto by a professional surveyor licensed in the state in which such Facility is located and reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (5) in the case of a leasehold interest, a certified copy of the Lease between the landlord and such Person with respect to such real property in which such Person has a leasehold interest 
 (6) a zoning report issued by a provider reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent or a copy of each letter issued by the applicable Governmental Authority, evidencing each Facility s compliance with all applicable Requirements of Law, together with a copy of all certificates of occupancy issued with respect to each Facility 
 (7) an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in the state where such Facility is located with respect to the enforceability of the Mortgage to be recorded and such other matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request 
 (8) a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment prepared in accordance with the United States Environmental Protection Agency Standards and Practices for All Appropriate Inquiries under Section 101(3)(B) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act as referenced in 40 CFR Part 312 and ASTM E-1527-13 Standard Practice for Environmental Assessments Phase I ESA (and if reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent based upon the results of such Phase I ESA, a Phase II Environmental Site Assessment), by a nationally-recognized environmental consulting firm, reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and 
 (9) such other agreements, instruments, appraisals and other documents (including guarantees and opinions of counsel) as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require. 
 Recipient means any Agent and any Lender, as applicable. 
 Reference Rate means, for any period, the greatest of (a) 2.00 per annum, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 per annum, (c) Adjusted Term SOFR (which rate shall be calculated based upon an Interest Period of one month and shall be determined on a daily basis) 
 37 

plus 1.00 per annum, and (d) the rate last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Reference Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 
 Reference Rate Loan means each portion of a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Reference Rate. 
 Register has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(f). 
 Registered Intellectual Property means Intellectual Property that is issued, registered, renewed or the subject of a pending application. 
 Regulation T , Regulation U and Regulation X mean, respectively, Regulations T, U and X of the Board or any successor, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 Related Fund means, with respect to any Person, an Affiliate of such Person, or a fund or account managed by such Person or an Affiliate of such Person. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the direct and indirect equityholders, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, seeping, migrating, dumping or disposing of any Hazardous Material (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, containers and other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material) into the indoor or outdoor environment, including, without limitation, the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in any environmental media, including the indoor or outdoor air, soil, surface or ground water, sediments or property. 
 Remedial Action means any action (a) to correct, mitigate, or address any actual, alleged or threatened violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit, or (b) to clean up, remove, remediate, mitigate, abate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, investigate, prevent, minimize or in any other way address any environmental condition or the actual, alleged or threatened presence, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials (including the performance of pre-remedial studies and investigations and post-remedial operation and maintenance activities). 
 Replacement Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(c). 
 38 

Reportable Event means an event described in Section 4043 of ERISA (other than an event not subject to the provision for 30-day notice to the PBGC under the regulations promulgated under such Section). 
 Required Lenders means Lenders whose Pro Rata Shares (calculated in accordance with clause (c) of the definition thereof) aggregate at least 50.1 . 
 Required Prepayment Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(g). 
 Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and any and all federal, state, provincial, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities), and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Restricted Payment means (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, together with any payment or distribution pursuant to a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, (b) the making of any repurchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (c) the making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition of shares of any class of Equity Interests of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (d) the return of any Equity Interests to any shareholders or other equity holders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or the making of any other distribution of property, assets, shares of Equity Interests, warrants, rights, options, obligations or securities thereto as such or (e) the payment of any management, consulting, monitoring or advisory fees or any other fees or expenses (including the reimbursement thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries) pursuant to any management, consulting, monitoring, advisory or other services agreement to any of the shareholders or other equityholders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, or to any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of any Loan Party. 
 Revenue means, for any period, the aggregate amount received by Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such period for the sale of good and or the provision of services, determined in compliance with Accounting Standards Codification 606 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers) published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 Revolving Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name in Schedule 1.01(A) hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amount may be terminated, reduced or increased (pursuant to Section 2.05) from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 Revolving Loan means a loan made by a Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(i) and any Incremental Revolving Loans. 
 39 

Revolving Loan Lender means a Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment or a Revolving Loan. 
 Revolving Loan Obligations means any Obligations with respect to the Revolving Loans (including without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto). 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, with respect to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory that is the subject or target of any Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (which, as of the Effective Date, include Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in OFAC s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, OFAC s Sectoral Sanctions Identification List, and any other Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) a Person that resides in, is organized in or located in, or has a place of business in, a country or territory named on any list referred to in clause (a) of this definition or a country or territory that is designated as a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through any such jurisdiction (each of the foregoing in this clause (b), a Sanction Target ), or a Person that owns 50 or more of the Equity Interests of, or is otherwise controlled by, or is acting on behalf of, one or more Sanction Targets, (c) any Person with whom or with which a U.S. Person is prohibited from dealing under any of the Sanctions, or (d) any Person owned or controlled by any Person or Persons described in clause (a) or (b). 
 Sanctions means Requirements of Law concerning or relating to economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the European Union, or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other similar or successor agency of the Federal government administering the Securities Act. 
 Second Period has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Applicable Premium . 
 Secured Party means any Agent and any Lender. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect from time to time. Securitization has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(l). 
 Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by the Loan Parties (other than the 
 40 

Mexican Loan Parties in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties securing the Obligations). 
 Seller means any Person that sells Equity Interests or other property or assets to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party in a Permitted Acquisition. 
 Settlement Period has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(d)(i) hereof. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org (or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the administrator of the secured overnight financing rate from time to time). 
 SOFR Deadline has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.08(a) hereof. 
 SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 SOFR Notice has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.08(a) hereof. 
 SOFR Option has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.08(a) hereof. 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is not less than the total amount of the liabilities of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute unreasonably small capital. 
 Standard & Poor s means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Loan Party the terms of which (including, without limitation, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, defaults and other material terms) are satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders and which has been expressly subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness of such Loan Party under the Loan Documents (a) by the execution and delivery of a subordination agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders, or (b) otherwise on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person at any date, any corporation, limited or general partnership, limited liability company, trust, estate, association, joint venture or other business entity (a) the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Person s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP or (b) of which more than 50 of (i) the outstanding Equity 
 41 

Interests having (in the absence of contingencies) ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership or limited liability company or (iii) in the case of a trust, estate, association, joint venture or other entity, the beneficial interest in such trust, estate, association or other entity business is, at the time of determination, owned or controlled directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, by such Person. References to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Loan Parties (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Excluded Foreign Subsidiaries and Immaterial Subsidiaries) unless the context expressly provides otherwise. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, with Holdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Loan means, collectively, the loans made by the Term Loan Lenders to the Borrower on the Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(ii). 
 Term Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Term Loan to the Borrower in the amount set forth in Schedule 1.01(A) hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as the same may be terminated or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 Term Loan Lender means a Lender with a Term Loan Commitment or a Term Loan. 
 Term Loan Obligations means any Obligations with respect to the Term Loan (including, without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto). 
 Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three-month tenor on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day provided that if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage per annum equal to 0.26161 for the Interest Period of three months. 
 42 

Termination Date means the first date on which all of the Obligations are paid in full in cash and the Commitments of the Lenders are terminated. 
 Third Period has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Applicable Premium . 
 Title Insurance Policy means a mortgagee s loan policy, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, together with all endorsements made from time to time thereto, issued to the Collateral Agent by or on behalf of a title insurance company selected by or otherwise satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, insuring the Lien created by a Mortgage in an amount and on terms and with such endorsements satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, delivered to the Collateral Agent. 
 Total Commitment means the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the Total Term Loan Commitment. 
 Total Revolving Credit Commitment means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Total Term Loan Commitment means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders Term Loan Commitments. 
 UCC Filing Authorization Letter means a letter duly executed by each Loan Party authorizing the Collateral Agent to file appropriate financing statements on Form UCC-1 without the signature of such Loan Party in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests purported to be created by each Security Agreement and each Mortgage. 
 Holdings has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Uniform Commercial Code or UCC has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.04. 
 Unpaid Taxes means the liabilities listed on Schedule 6.01(j). 
 Unused Line Fee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.07(b). 
 USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (PATRIOT) Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, Oct. 26, 2001)) as amended by the USA Patriot Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Pub. L. 109-177, March 9, 2006) and as the same may have been or may be further renewed, extended, amended, or replaced. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 VCOC Management Rights Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.01(d). 
 Waivable Mandatory Prepayment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(g). 
 WARN has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(p). 
 43 

Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 Working Capital means, at any date of determination thereof, (a) the sum, for any Person and its Subsidiaries, of (i) the unpaid face amount of all Accounts of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of prepaid expenses and other current assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination (other than cash, Cash Equivalents and any Indebtedness owing to such Person or any of its Subsidiaries by Affiliates of such Person), minus (b) the sum, for such Person and its Subsidiaries, of (i) the unpaid amount of all accounts payable of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all accrued expenses of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination (other than the current portion of long-term debt and all accrued interest and taxes). 
 Section 1.02 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any right or interest in or to assets and properties of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible. 
 Section 1.03 Certain Matters of Construction . References in this Agreement to determination by any Agent include good faith estimates by such Agent (in the case of quantitative determinations) and good faith beliefs by such Agent (in the case of qualitative determinations). A Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which such Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement and an Event of Default shall continue or be continuing until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by the Required Lenders. Any Lien referred to in this Agreement or any other Loan Document as having been created in favor of any Agent, any agreement entered into by any Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any payment made by or to or funds received by any Agent pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any act taken or omitted to be taken by any Agent, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be created, entered into, made or received, or taken or omitted, for the benefit or account of the Agents and the Lenders. Wherever the phrase to the knowledge of any Loan Party or words of similar import relating to the knowledge or the awareness of any Loan Party are used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, such phrase shall mean and refer to (i) the actual knowledge of a senior officer of any Loan Party or (ii) the knowledge that a senior officer would have obtained if such officer had engaged in good faith and diligent performance of such officer s duties, including the making of such reasonably specific inquiries as may be necessary of the employees or agents of such Loan Party and a good faith attempt to ascertain the existence or accuracy of the matter to which such phrase relates. All covenants 
 44 

hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a default if such action is taken or condition exists. In addition, all representations and warranties hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular representation or warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation or warranty concerning the same or similar subject matter is correct or is not breached will not affect the incorrectness of a breach of a representation or warranty hereunder. 
 Section 1.04 Accounting and Other Terms. 
 (a) Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, each accounting term used herein shall have the meaning given it under GAAP. For purposes of determining compliance with any incurrence or expenditure tests set forth in Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 7.03, any amounts so incurred or expended (to the extent incurred or expended in a currency other than Dollars) shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Agents or, in the event no such service is selected, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Agents) as in effect on the date of such incurrence or expenditure under any provision of any such Section that has an aggregate Dollar limitation provided for therein (and to the extent the respective incurrence or expenditure test regulates the aggregate amount outstanding at any time and it is expressed in terms of Dollars, all outstanding amounts originally incurred or spent in currencies other than Dollars shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Agents or, in the event no such service is selected, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Agents) as in effect on the date of any new incurrence or expenditures made under any provision of any such Section that regulates the Dollar amount outstanding at any time). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) with respect to the accounting for leases as either operating leases or capital leases and the impact of such accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 842 on the definitions and covenants herein, GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018 shall be applied, (ii) for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded and (iii) with respect to revenue recognition and the impact of such accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 606 on the definitions and covenants herein, GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2017 shall be applied. 
 (b) All terms used in this Agreement which are defined in Article 8 or Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York (the Uniform Commercial Code or the UCC and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as set forth therein, provided that terms used herein which are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York on the date hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of such statute except as any Agent may otherwise determine. 
 Section 1.05 Time References . Unless otherwise indicated herein, all references to time of day refer to Eastern Standard Time or Eastern daylight saving time, as in effect in New York City on such day. For purposes of the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each means to but excluding provided , however , that with respect to a 
 45 

computation of fees or interest payable to any Secured Party, such period shall in any event consist of at least one full day. 
 Section 1.06 Obligation to Make Payments in Dollars . All payments to be made by any Loan Party of principal, interest, fees and other Obligations under any Loan Document shall be made in Dollars in same day funds, and no obligation of any Loan Party to make any such payment shall be discharged or satisfied by any payment other than payments made in Dollars in same day funds. 
 ARTICLE II THE LOANS 
 Section 2.01 Commitments . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions and relying upon the representations and warranties herein set forth 
 i. each Revolving Loan Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower at any time and from time to time during the term of this Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and 
 ii. each Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make the Term Loan to the Borrower on the Effective Date, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount of such Lender s Term Loan Commitment. 
 No portion of any Loan will be funded (initially or through participation, assignment, transfer or securitization) with plan assets of any plan covered by ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code if it would cause the Borrower or any Guarantor to incur any prohibited transaction excise tax penalties under Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing 
 i. The aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding at any time to the Borrower shall not exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. The Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender shall automatically and permanently be reduced to zero on the Final Maturity Date. Within the foregoing limits, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow, the Revolving Loans on or after the Effective Date and prior to the Final Maturity Date, subject to the terms, provisions and limitations set forth herein. No Revolving Loans shall be advanced on the Effective Date. 
 ii. The aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan made on the Effective Date shall not exceed the Total Term Loan Commitment. Any principal amount of the Term Loan which is repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 
 Section 2.02 Making the Loans . (a) The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prior notice in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (a Notice of Borrowing or such other form approved by the Administrative Agent, not later than 12 00 noon (New York City time) on the date which is (i) in the case of the Term Loan, three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date and (ii) three (3) Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Loan (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent is willing to accommodate from time to time, but in no event later than 12 00 noon (New York City time) on the borrowing date of the proposed Loan). Such Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) 
 46 

the principal amount of the proposed Loan, (ii) whether such Loan is requested to be a Revolving Loan or the Term Loan, (iii) whether the Loan is requested to be a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan, (iv) the use of the proceeds of such proposed Loan, (v) Borrower s account wiring instructions, and (vi) the proposed borrowing date, which must be a Business Day, and, with respect to the Term Loan, must be the Effective Date. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders may act without liability upon the basis of written notice believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from the Borrower (or from any Authorized Officer thereof designated in writing purportedly from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent). The Borrower hereby waives the right to dispute the Administrative Agent s record of the terms of any such Notice of Borrowing. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any Authorized Officer s authority to request a Loan on behalf of the Borrower until the Administrative Agent receives written notice to the contrary. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have no duty to verify the authenticity of the signature appearing on any written Notice of Borrowing. 
 (a) Each Notice of Borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.02 shall be irrevocable and the Borrower shall be bound to make a borrowing in accordance therewith. Each Revolving Loan shall be made in a minimum amount of 500,000 and shall be in an integral multiple of 100,000. 
 (b) (vi) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.02(c), all Loans under this Agreement shall be made by the Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their Pro Rata Shares of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment or the Total Term Loan Commitment, as the case may be, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in that other Lender s obligations to make a Loan requested hereunder, nor shall the Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of the default by any other Lender in that other Lender s obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder, and each Lender shall be obligated to make the Loans required to be made by it by the terms of this Agreement regardless of the failure by any other Lender. 
 i. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and in order to reduce the number of fund transfers among the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders, the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders agree that the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), and the Borrower and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to, fund, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.01, subject to the procedures for settlement set forth in Section 2.02(d) provided , however , that (A) the Administrative Agent shall in no event fund any such Revolving Loans if the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders on the Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Loan that one or more of the conditions precedent contained in Section 5.02 will not be satisfied at the time of the proposed Revolving Loan, and (B) the Administrative Agent shall not otherwise be required to determine that, or take notice whether, the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied. If the Borrower gives a Notice of Borrowing requesting a Revolving Loan and the Administrative Agent elects not to fund such Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, then promptly after receipt of the Notice of Borrowing requesting such Revolving Loan, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the specifics of the requested Revolving Loan and that it will not fund the requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders. If the Administrative Agent notifies the Revolving Loan Lenders that it will not fund a requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, each Revolving Loan Lender shall make its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loan available to the Administrative Agent, in immediately available funds, in the Administrative Agent s Accounts no later than 3 00 p.m. (New York City time) (provided that the Administrative Agent requests payment from such Revolving Loan Lender not later than 1 00 p.m. (New York City time)) on 
 47 

the date of the proposed Revolving Loan. The Administrative Agent will make the proceeds of such Revolving Loans available to the Borrower on the day of the proposed Revolving Loan by causing an amount, in immediately available funds, equal to the proceeds of all such Revolving Loans received by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agent s Accounts or the amount funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders to be wired to an account designated by the Borrower. 
 ii. If the Administrative Agent has notified the Revolving Loan Lenders that the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, will not fund a particular Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.02(c)(ii), the Administrative Agent may assume that each such Revolving Loan Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such day and the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may, but shall not be obligated to, cause a corresponding amount to be made available to the Borrower on such day. If the Administrative Agent makes such corresponding amount available to the Borrower and such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by any such Revolving Loan Lender, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for three (3) Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate. During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account. Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Borrower of such failure and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent for its own account. 
 iii. Nothing in this Section 2.02(c) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligations to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder. 
 (c)(vii) With respect to all periods for which the Administrative Agent has funded Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.02(c), on Friday of each week, or if the applicable Friday is not a Business Day, then on the following Business Day, or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may from time to time select (any such week or shorter period being herein called a Settlement Period ), the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding as of the last day of each such Settlement Period. In the event that such amount is greater than the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding on the last day of the Settlement Period immediately preceding such Settlement Period (or, if there has been no preceding Settlement Period, the amount of the Revolving Loans made on the date of such Revolving Loan Lender s initial funding), each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly (and in any event not later than 2 00 p.m. (New York City time) if the Administrative Agent requests payment from such Lender not later than 12 00 noon (New York City time) on such day) make available to the Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds. In the event that such amount is less than such unpaid principal amount, the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay over to each Revolving Loan Lender its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds. In addition, if the Administrative Agent shall so request at any time when a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or any other event shall have occurred as a result of which the Administrative Agent shall determine that it is desirable to 
 48 

present claims against the Borrower for repayment, each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly remit to the Administrative Agent or, as the case may be, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to each Revolving Loan Lender, sufficient funds to adjust the interests of the Revolving Loan Lenders in the then outstanding Revolving Loans to such an extent that, after giving effect to such adjustment, each such Revolving Loan Lender s interest in the then outstanding Revolving Loans will be equal to its Pro Rata Share thereof. The obligations of the Administrative Agent and each Revolving Loan Lender under this Section 2.02(d) shall be absolute and unconditional. Each Revolving Loan Lender shall only be entitled to receive interest on its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans which have been funded by such Revolving Loan Lender. 
 i. In the event that any Revolving Loan Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.02(d)(i), the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for three (3) Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate. During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account. Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Borrower of such failure and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent for its own account. Nothing in this Section 2.02(d)(ii) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder. 
 Section 2.03 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . (a) The outstanding principal of all Revolving Loans shall be due and payable on the Final Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they are declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 a. The outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan shall be repayable (w) in an aggregate amount equal to 15,000,000 on or prior to April 15, 2023, (x) in an aggregate amount equal to 20,000,000 (inclusive of the amount specified in clause (w)) on or prior to June 15, 2023 (y) in an aggregate amount equal to 25,000,000 (inclusive of the amounts specified in clauses (w) and (x)) on or prior to September 15, 2023 and (z) in consecutive quarterly installments on the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter of Holdings and its Subsidiaries starting with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023, each in an amount equal to 687,500.00 provided , however , that the last such installment of principal required to be repaid in accordance with clause (z) above shall be in the amount necessary to repay in full the unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. The outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon , together with all other Obligations , shall be due and payable on the earliest of (i) the termination of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, (ii) the Final Maturity Date and (iii) the date on which the Term Loan is declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 b. Each Lender shall maintain, in accordance with its usual practice, an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 49 

c. The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 d. The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(c) or Section 2.03(d) shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that (i) the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) in the event of any conflict between the entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(c) and the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d), the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d) shall govern and control. 
 e. Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) in a form furnished by the Collateral Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 12.07) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 Section 2.04 Interest . 
 a. Revolving Loans . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Borrower, each Revolving Loan shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan. Each Revolving Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin. Each Revolving Loan that is a SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. 
 b. Term Loan . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Borrower, the Term Loan or any portion thereof shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan. Each portion of the Term Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin, and each portion of the Term Loan that is a SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. 
 c. Default Interest . To the extent permitted by law and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the principal of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all Loans, fees, indemnities or any other Obligations of the Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall bear interest, from the date such Event of Default occurred until the date such Event of Default is cured or waived in writing in accordance herewith, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the Post-Default Rate. 
 50 

d. Interest Payment . Interest on each Loan shall be payable (i) in the case of a Reference Rate Loan, monthly, in arrears, on the last Business Day of each month, commencing on the last Business Day of the month following the month in which such Loan is made, (ii) in the case of a SOFR Loan, on the last day of the then effective Interest Period applicable to such Loan and (iii) in the case of each Loan, at maturity (whether upon demand, by acceleration or otherwise). Interest at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable on demand. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account pursuant to Section 4.01 with the amount of any interest payment due hereunder. 
 e. General . All interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days, including the first day but excluding the last day, elapsed. For the avoidance of doubt, no date of payment shall be included in any computation. 
 Section 2.05 Increase in Revolving Credit Commitment . 
 a. The Borrower may request an increase in Revolving Credit Commitments from the existing Revolving Loan Lenders from time to time upon not less than 15 days written notice to Administrative Agent and the Revolving Loan Lenders, as long as (i) the requested increase is offered on the same terms as the existing Revolving Credit Commitments, (ii) such new Revolving Credit Commitments shall be available at any time prior to the Final Maturity Date, (iii) the Revolving Loan made pursuant to such Revolving Credit Commitments are used for the general corporate purposes of the Borrower (including in connection with Permitted Acquisitions), and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Loan Lenders consent in their sole discretion to such increase at the time of the request thereof (any Revolving Loans extended pursuant to this Section 2.05, Incremental Revolving Loans ). 
 b. Upon satisfaction of the criteria set forth in Section 2.05(a), Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the existing Revolving Loan Lenders of the requested increase and, within 3 Business Days thereafter, each existing Revolving Loan Lender shall notify Administrative Agent in writing if and to what extent such existing Revolving Loan Lenders commits to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment. Any existing Revolving Loan Lenders not responding within such period shall be deemed to have declined an increase. For the avoidance of doubt, no existing Revolving Loan Lender shall be obligated to participate in any extension of Incremental Revolving Loans. All such increased Revolving Credit Commitments among committing Revolving Loan Lenders in connection with Incremental Revolving Loans shall be allocated on a pro rata basis (in accordance with such Revolving Loan Lenders Pro Rata Shares of the current Revolving Credit Commitments) between such participating Revolving Loan Lenders (or on such other basis as the participating Revolving Loan Lenders agree in their sole discretion). The Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall be increased by the requested amount (or such lesser amount committed) on a date agreed upon by Administrative Agent, the participating Revolving Loan Lenders and the Borrower and all such Incremental Revolving Loans made shall be deemed a Revolving Loan hereunder. The Administrative Agent, the Borrower, and the existing Revolving Loan Lenders making new Revolving Loans shall execute and deliver such customary documents and agreements as Administrative Agent deems reasonably appropriate to evidence the increase in and allocations of Revolving Credit Commitments. On the effective date of any such increase, the outstanding Revolving Loans and other exposures under the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be reallocated among Revolving Loan Lenders, and settled by Administrative Agent as necessary, in accordance with Revolving Loan Lenders adjusted shares of such Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Section 2.06 Reduction of Commitment Prepayment of Loans . 
 51 

a. Reduction of Commitments . 
 i. Revolving Credit Commitments . The Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall terminate on the Final Maturity Date. The Borrower may reduce the Total Revolving Credit Commitment to an amount (which may be zero) not less than the sum of (A) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans then outstanding, and (B) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans not yet made as to which a Notice of Borrowing has been given by the Borrower under Section 2.02. Each such reduction shall be (1) in an amount which is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 (or by the full amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment in effect immediately prior to such reduction if such amount at that time is less than 1,000,000), (2) made by providing prior to 5 00 p.m. New York City time, not less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, (3) irrevocable and (4) accompanied by the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. Once reduced, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment may not be increased. Each such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall reduce the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender proportionately in accordance with its Pro Rata Share thereof. 
 ii. Term Loan . The Total Term Loan Commitment shall terminate at 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Effective Date. 
 b. Optional Prepayment . 
 i. Revolving Loans . The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, upon written notice delivered by 5 00 p.m. New York City time, ten Business Days prior to the proposed prepayment date, prepay the principal of any Revolving Loan, in whole or in part. Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(i) in connection with a reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(i) above shall be accompanied by the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 ii. Term Loan . The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, prepay the principal of the Term Loan, in whole or in part. Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(ii) shall be accompanied by the payment of (A) accrued interest to the date of such payment on the amount prepaid and (B) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Term Loan. Each such prepayment shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal due on the Term Loan in the inverse order of maturity. 
 iii. Termination of Agreement . The Borrower may, upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate this Agreement by paying to the Administrative Agent, in full in cash, the Obligations, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement. If the Borrower has sent a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iii), then the Lenders obligations to extend credit hereunder shall terminate and the Borrower shall be obligated to repay the Obligations, in full in cash, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement on the date set forth as the date of termination of this Agreement in such notice. 
 c. Mandatory Prepayment . 
 i. Within three (3) Business Days after the delivery to the Agents and the Lenders of audited annual financial statements pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), commencing 
 52 

with the delivery to the Agents and the Lenders of the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 or, if such financial statements are not delivered to the Agents and the Lenders on the date such statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), by the date three (3) Business Days after the date such statements are required to be delivered to the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to the result of (to the extent positive) (1) ECF Percentage of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year minus (2) the aggregate principal amount of all payments made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06(b) for such Fiscal Year (in the case of payments made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(i), only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments). 
 ii. Immediately upon any Disposition (excluding Dispositions which qualify as Permitted Dispositions under clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) or (j) of the definition of Permitted Disposition) by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such Disposition to the extent that the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (and not paid to the Administrative Agent as a prepayment of the Loans) shall exceed for all such Dispositions 250,000 in any Fiscal Year. Nothing contained in this Section 2.06(c)(ii) shall permit any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to make a Disposition of any property other than in accordance with Section 7.02(c)(ii). 
 iii. Immediately upon the receipt of Net Cash Proceeds (A) from the issuance or incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness), the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith or (B) upon an Equity Issuance (other than any Excluded Equity Issuances), the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 25 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith. The provisions of this Section 2.06(c)(iii) shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such issuance, incurrence or sale otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 iv. Immediately upon the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Extraordinary Receipts, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith. 
 v. Immediately upon receipt by the Borrower of the proceeds of any Permitted Cure Equity pursuant to Section 9.02, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 100 of such proceeds. 
 vi. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Net Cash Proceeds received by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a Disposition or the receipt of Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards that are required to be used to prepay the Obligations pursuant to Section 2.06(c)(ii) or Section 2.06(c)(iv), as the case may be, up to 250,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year of the Net Cash Proceeds from all such Dispositions and Extraordinary Receipts shall not be required to be so used to prepay the Obligations to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds are used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets (other than current assets) used in such Person s business, provided that, (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date such 
 53 

Person receives such Net Cash Proceeds, (B) the Borrower delivers a certificate to the Administrative Agent within five (5) days after such Disposition or loss, destruction or taking, as the case may be, stating that such Net Cash Proceeds shall be used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets used in such Person s business within a period specified in such certificate not to exceed 120 days after the date of receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (which certificate shall set forth estimates of the Net Cash Proceeds to be so expended) provided that such Net Cash Proceeds shall actually be reinvested within an additional 90 days thereafter, (C) such Net Cash Proceeds are deposited in an account subject to a Control Agreement, and (D) upon the earlier of (1) the expiration of the period specified in the relevant certificate furnished to the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (B) above or (2) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default, such Net Cash Proceeds, if not theretofore so used, shall be used to prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.06(c)(ii) or Section 2.06(c)(iv) as applicable . 
 d. Application of Payments . Each prepayment pursuant to subsections (c)(i), (c)(ii), (c)(iii), (c)(iv) and (c)(v) above shall be applied, first , to the Term Loan, until paid in full, and second , to the Revolving Loans (with a corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitments), until paid in full in cash. Each such prepayment of the Term Loan shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal of the Term Loan in the inverse order of maturity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, if the Administrative Agent has elected, or has been directed by the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders, to apply payments in respect of any Obligations in accordance with Section 4.03(b), prepayments required under Section 2.06(c) shall be applied in the manner set forth in Section 4.03(b). 
 e. Interest and Fees . Any prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest on the principal amount being prepaid to the date of prepayment, (ii) any Funding Losses payable pursuant to Section 2.09, (iii) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Loans to the extent required under Section 2.07(c) and (iv) if such prepayment would reduce the amount of the outstanding Loans to zero at a time when the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been terminated, such prepayment shall be accompanied by the payment of all fees accrued to such date pursuant to Section 2.07. 
 f. Cumulative Prepayments . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.06, payments with respect to any subsection of this Section 2.06 are in addition to payments made or required to be made under any other subsection of this Section 2.06. 
 g. Waivable Mandatory Prepayments . Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the Borrower are required to make any mandatory prepayment (a Waivable Mandatory Prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.06(c), not less than 12 00 noon (New York City time) two (2) Business Days prior to the date on which the Borrower are required to make such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment (the Required Prepayment Date ), the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of the amount of such prepayment, and the Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter notify each Lender of the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment and such Lender s option to refuse such amount. Each such Lender may exercise such option by giving written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of its election to do so on or before 12 00 noon (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the Required Prepayment Date (it being understood that any Lender that does not notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of its election to exercise such option on or before 12 00 noon (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the Required Prepayment Date shall be deemed to have elected, as of such date, not to exercise such option). On the Required Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent the amount of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment, which amount 
 54 

shall be applied (i) in an amount equal to that portion of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment payable to those Lenders that have elected not to exercise such option, to prepay the Loans of such Lenders (which prepayment shall be applied to prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.06(d)) and (ii) to the extent of any excess, to the Borrower for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 Section 2.07 Fees. 
 a. Reserved . 
 b. Unused Line Fee . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent an unused line fee (the Unused Line Fee for the account of each Revolving Loan Lender, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to 2 on the amount of the undrawn portion of the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which the Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments terminate. The Unused Line Fee shall accrue through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be due and payable in arrears on the such last day and on the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. 
 c. Applicable Premium . 
 i. Upon the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, the Applicable Premium. 
 ii. Any Applicable Premium payable in accordance with this Section 2.07(c) shall be presumed to be equal to the liquidated damages sustained by the Lenders as the result of the occurrence of the Applicable Premium Trigger Event and the Loan Parties agree that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. THE LOAN PARTIES EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING APPLICABLE PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCELERATION. 
 iii. The Loan Parties expressly agree that (A) the Applicable Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arm s length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel (B) the Applicable Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time payment is made (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Loan Parties giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Applicable Premium (D) the Loan Parties shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph (E) their agreement to pay the Applicable Premium is a material inducement to Lenders to provide the Commitments and make the Loans, and (F) the Applicable Premium represents a good faith, reasonable estimate and calculation of the lost profits or damages of the Agents and the Lenders and that it would be impractical and extremely difficult to ascertain the actual amount of damages to the Agents and the Lenders or profits lost by the Agents and the Lenders as a result of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event. 
 iv. Nothing contained in this Section 2.07(c) shall permit any prepayment of the Loans or reduction of the Commitments not otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 55 

d. Audit and Collateral Monitoring Fees . The Borrower acknowledges that pursuant to Section 7.01(f), representatives of the Agents may, upon reasonable advance notice, visit any or all of the Loan Parties and or conduct inspections, audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals, environmental site assessments and or examinations of any or all of the Loan Parties at any reasonable time and from time to time. The Borrower agrees to pay (i) 1,500 per day per examiner plus the examiner s out-of-pocket costs and reasonable expenses incurred in connection with all such visits, inspections, audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals, environmental site assessments and or examinations and (ii) the cost of all visits, inspections, audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals, environmental site assessments and or examinations conducted by a third party on behalf of the Agents). 
 e. Fee Letter . As and when due and payable under the terms of the Fee Letter, the Borrower shall pay the fees set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 Section 2.08 SOFR Option . 
 a. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, elect to have interest on all or a portion of the Loans be charged at a rate of interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR (the SOFR Option by notifying the Administrative Agent in writing prior to 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) Business Days prior to (i) the proposed borrowing date of a Loan (as provided in Section 2.02), (ii) in the case of the conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan, the commencement of the proposed Interest Period or (iii) in the case of the continuation of a SOFR Loan as a SOFR Loan, the last day of the then current Interest Period (the SOFR Deadline ). Notice of the Borrower s election of the SOFR Option for a permitted portion of the Loans pursuant to this Section 2.08(a) shall be made by delivery to the Administrative Agent of (A) a Notice of Borrowing (in the case of the initial making of a Loan) in accordance with Section 2.02 or (B) a notice in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto (a SOFR Notice prior to the SOFR Deadline. Promptly upon its receipt of each such SOFR Notice, the Administrative Agent shall provide a copy thereof to each of the Lenders. Each SOFR Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. 
 b. Interest on SOFR Loans shall be payable in accordance with Section 2.04(d). On the last day of each applicable Interest Period, unless the Borrower properly have exercised the SOFR Option with respect thereto, the interest rate applicable to such SOFR Loans automatically shall convert to the rate of interest then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder. At any time that a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower no longer shall have the option to request that any portion of the Loans bear interest at Adjusted Term SOFR and the Administrative Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to convert the interest rate on all outstanding SOFR Loans to the rate of interest then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder on the last day of the then current Interest Period. 
 c. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrower (i) shall have not more than three (3) SOFR Loans in effect at any given time, and (ii) only may exercise the SOFR Option for SOFR Loans of at least 500,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof. 
 d. The Borrower may prepay SOFR Loans at any time provided , however , that in the event that SOFR Loans are prepaid on any date that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, including as a result of any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.06(c) or any application of payments or proceeds of Collateral in accordance with Section 4.03 or Section 4.04 or for any other reason, including early termination of the term of this Agreement 
 56 

or acceleration of all or any portion of the Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, the Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders and their participants harmless against any and all Funding Losses in accordance with Section 2.09. 
 e. Reserved . 
 f. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. The parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy any applicable IRS guidance, including Treasury Regulation Section 1.1001-6 and any future guidance, to the effect that the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement will not result in a deemed exchange for U.S. federal income tax purposes of any Loan under this Agreement for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 g. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 h. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.08, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 i. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 j. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing 
 57 

of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Reference Rate Loans. 
 Section 2.09 Funding Losses . In connection with each SOFR Loan, the Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders harmless against any loss, cost, or expense incurred by any Agent or any Lender as a result of (a) the payment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default or any mandatory prepayment required pursuant to Section 2.06(c)), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default), or (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan on the date specified in any Notice of Borrowing or SOFR Notice delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, and expenses, collectively, Funding Losses ). Funding Losses shall, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, be deemed to equal the amount reasonably determined by such Agent or such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such SOFR Loan had such event not occurred, at Adjusted Term SOFR that would have been applicable thereto, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period therefor), minus (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Agent or such Lender would be offered were it to be offered, at the commencement of such period, Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period in the London interbank market. A certificate of an Agent or a Lender delivered to the Borrower setting forth any amount or amounts that such Agent or such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.09) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Section 2.10 Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any and all Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of any Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Taxes from or in respect of any such payment, (i) the applicable Withholding Agent shall make such deduction or withholding, (ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased by the amount (an Additional Amount necessary such that after making such deduction or withholding (including deductions and with Holdings applicable to Additional Amount payable under this Section 2.10) the applicable Recipient receives the amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 a. In addition, each Loan Party shall pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law any Other Taxes, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes by any Secured Party. 
 b. The Loan Parties hereby jointly and severally indemnify and agree to hold each Secured Party harmless from and against Indemnified Taxes (including, without limitation, Indemnified Taxes imposed on any amounts payable under this Section 2.10) paid or payable by such Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Secured Party and any expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. Such indemnification shall be paid within 10 days from 
 58 

the date on which any such Person makes written demand therefor specifying in reasonable detail the nature and amount of such Indemnified Taxes. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Secured Party (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) or on behalf of another Secured Party shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 c. (vi) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.10(d)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 i. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 A. any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 B. any Lender that is not a U.S. Person (a Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 1. in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 2. executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 3. in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.09(d)-1 hereto to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal 
 59 

Revenue Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or 
 4. to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.09(d)-2 or Exhibit 2.09(d)-3, IRS Form W-9, or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.09(d)-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 C. any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 D. if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 d. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.07(i) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to 
 60 

any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 e. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.10 (including by the payment of Additional Amounts pursuant to this Section 2.10), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.10 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph (f) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 f. The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 g. Promptly after any payment of Taxes by the Loan Parties to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.10, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 2.11 Increased Costs and Reduced Return . (a) If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law shall (i) subject such Secured Party, or any Person controlling such Secured Party to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to this Agreement or any Loan made by such Agent or such Lender (except for (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes), (ii) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against any Loan or against assets of or held by, or deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party or (iii) impose on such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party any other condition regarding this Agreement or any Loan, and the result of any event referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above shall be to increase the cost to such Secured Party of making any Loan, or agreeing to make any Loan, or to reduce any amount received or receivable by such Secured Party hereunder, then, upon demand by such Secured Party, the Borrower shall pay to such Secured Party such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such increased costs or reductions in amount. 
 61 

a. If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law either (i) affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party, and such Secured Party determines that the amount of such capital is increased as a direct or indirect consequence of any Loans made or maintained, such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s other obligations hereunder, or (ii) has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s capital to a level below that which such Secured Party or such controlling Person could have achieved but for such circumstances as a consequence of any Loans made or maintained, or any agreement to make Loans, or such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s other obligations hereunder (in each case, taking into consideration, such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s policies with respect to capital adequacy), then, upon demand by such Secured Party, the Borrower shall pay to such Secured Party from time to time such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such cost of maintaining such increased capital or such reduction in the rate of return on such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s capital. 
 b. All amounts payable under this Section 2.11 shall bear interest from the date that is 10 days after the date of demand by any Secured Party until payment in full to such Secured Party at the Reference Rate. A certificate of such Secured Party claiming compensation under this Section 2.11, specifying the event herein above described and the nature of such event shall be submitted by such Secured Party to the Borrower, setting forth the additional amount due and an explanation of the calculation thereof, and such Secured Party s reasons for invoking the provisions of this Section 2.11, and shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error. 
 c. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.11 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.11 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine (9) months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 d. The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 Section 2.12 Changes in Law Impracticability or Illegality . 
 a. Adjusted Term SOFR may be adjusted by the Administrative Agent with respect to any Lender on a prospective basis to take into account any additional or increased costs due to changes in applicable law occurring subsequent to the commencement of the then applicable Interest Period, including changes in tax laws (except to the extent such changes result in the Lender becoming liable for Indemnified Taxes or Excluded Taxes) and changes in the reserve requirements imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), which additional or increased costs would increase the cost of funding loans bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR. In any such event, the affected Lender shall give the Borrower and the Administrative Agent notice of such a determination and adjustment and the Administrative Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and, upon its receipt of the notice from the affected Lender, the Borrower may, by notice to such affected Lender (i) require such Lender to furnish to the Borrower a statement setting forth the basis for adjusting such Adjusted Term SOFR and the method for determining the amount of such 
 62 

adjustment, or (ii) repay the SOFR Loans with respect to which such adjustment is made (together with any amounts due under Section 2.10). 
 b. In the event that any change in market conditions or any law, regulation, treaty, or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation of application thereof, shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of any Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for such Lender to fund or maintain SOFR Loans or to continue such funding or maintaining, or to determine or charge interest rates at Adjusted Term SOFR, such Lender shall give notice of such changed circumstances to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and (i) in the case of any SOFR Loans of such Lender that are outstanding, the date specified in such Lender s notice shall be deemed to be the last day of the Interest Period of such SOFR Loans, and interest upon the SOFR Loans of such Lender thereafter shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder, and (ii) the Borrower shall not be entitled to elect the SOFR Option (including in any borrowing, conversion or continuation then being requested) until such Lender determines that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical to do so. 
 c. The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.12 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 ARTICLE III INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 
 ARTCILE IV APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS DEFAULTING LENDERS 
 Section 4.01 Payments Computations and Statements . (a) The Borrower will make each payment under this Agreement not later than 12 00 noon (New York City time) on the day when due, in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent s Accounts. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 12 00 noon (New York City time) on any Business Day, may, in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, be credited to the Loan Account on the next succeeding Business Day. All payments shall be made by the Borrower without set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, deduction or other defense to the Agents and the Lenders. Except as provided in Section 2.02, after receipt, the Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal ratably to the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Lenders and the Borrower hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account of the Borrower with any amount due and payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document. Each of the Lenders and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent shall have the right to make such charges whether or not any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or whether any of the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied. Any amount charged to the Loan Account of the Borrower shall be deemed a Revolving Loan hereunder made by the Revolving Loan Lenders to the Borrower, funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders and subject to Section 2.02 of this Agreement. The Lenders and the Borrower confirm that any charges which the Administrative Agent may so make to the Loan Account of 
 63 

the Borrower as herein provided will be made as an accommodation to the Borrower and solely at the Administrative Agent s discretion, provided that the Administrative Agent shall from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent, charge the Loan Account of the Borrower with any amount due and payable under any Loan Document. Whenever any payment to be made under any such Loan Document shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of interest or fees, as the case may be. All computations of fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fees hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes in the absence of manifest error. 
 a. If requested, the Administrative Agent shall provide the Borrower, after the end of a calendar month, a summary statement (in the form from time to time used by the Administrative Agent) of the opening and closing daily balances in the Loan Account of the Borrower during such month, the amounts and dates of all Loans made to the Borrower during such month, the amounts and dates of all payments on account of the Loans to the Borrower during such month and the Loans to which such payments were applied, the amount of interest accrued on the Loans to the Borrower during such month, and the amount and nature of any charges to the Loan Account made during such month on account of fees, commissions, expenses and other Obligations. All entries on any such statement shall be presumed to be correct and, 30 days after the same is sent, shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Section 4.02 Sharing of Payments . Except as provided in Section 2.02 hereof, if any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of any Obligation in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of similar obligations obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in such similar obligations held by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them provided , however , that (a) if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and each Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lender s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered and (b) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender and any payment of an amendment, consent or waiver fee to consenting Lenders pursuant to an effective amendment, consent or waiver with respect to this Agreement), or (ii) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans, other than to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all of its rights (including the Lender s right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 Section 4.03 Apportionment of Payments . Subject to Section 2.02 hereof 
 a. All payments of principal and interest in respect of outstanding Loans, all payments of fees (other than the fees set forth in Section 2.07 hereof) and all other payments in respect of any other Obligations, shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent among such of 
 64 

the Lenders as are entitled thereto, in proportion to their respective Pro Rata Shares or otherwise as provided herein or, in respect of payments not made on account of Loans, as designated by the Person making payment when the payment is made. 
 b. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and upon the direction of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders shall, apply all payments in respect of any Obligations, including without limitation, all proceeds of the Collateral, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, (i) first , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any fees, expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Agents until paid in full (ii) second , to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Collateral Agent Advances until paid in full (iii) third , to pay principal of the Collateral Agent Advances until paid in full (iv) fourth , ratably to pay the Revolving Loan Obligations in respect of any fees (other than any Applicable Premium), expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Revolving Loan Lenders until paid in full (v) fifth , ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Revolving Loans until paid in full (vi) sixth , ratably to pay principal of the Revolving Loans until paid in full (vii) seventh , ratably to pay the Term Loan Obligations in respect of any fees (other than any Applicable Premium), expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Term Loan Lenders until paid in full (viii) eighth , ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Term Loan until paid in full (ix) ninth , ratably to pay principal of the Term Loan until paid in full (x) tenth , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any Applicable Premium then due and payable to the Lenders until paid in full and (xi) eleventh , to the ratable payment of all other Obligations then due and payable. 
 c. For purposes of Section 4.03(b) paid in full means payment in cash of all amounts owing under the Loan Documents according to the terms thereof, including loan fees, service fees, professional fees, interest (and specifically including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding), default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, whether or not the same would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding. 
 d. In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 4.03 and other provisions contained in any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that both such priority provisions in such documents shall be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of Section 4.03 shall control and govern. 
 Section 4.04 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law 
 a. Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 12.02. 
 b. The Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to such Defaulting Lender any payments made by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for such Defaulting Lender s benefit, and, in the absence of such transfer to such Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall transfer any such payments to each other non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares (without giving effect to the Pro Rata Shares of such Defaulting Lender) (but only to the extent that such Defaulting Lender s Loans were funded by the other Lenders) or, if so directed by the Borrower and if no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and to the extent such Defaulting Lender s Loans were not funded by 
 65 

the other Lenders), retain the same to be re-advanced to the Borrower as if such Defaulting Lender had made such Loans to the Borrower. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender the amount of all such payments received and retained by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender. 
 c. Any such failure to fund by any Defaulting Lender shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle the Administrative Agent to replace the Defaulting Lender with one or more substitute Lenders, and the Defaulting Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder. Such notice to replace the Defaulting Lender shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given. Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Defaulting Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Defaulting Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever. If the Defaulting Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Defaulting Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07. 
 d. The operation of this Section shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitments of any Lender, to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to relieve or excuse the performance by the Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to the Administrative Agent or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender. 
 e. This Section shall remain effective with respect to such Lender until either (i) the Obligations under this Agreement shall have been declared or shall have become immediately due and payable or (ii) the non-Defaulting Lenders, the Agents, and the Borrower shall have waived such Defaulting Lender s default in writing, and the Defaulting Lender makes its Pro Rata Share of the applicable defaulted Loans and pays to the Agents all amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender in respect thereof provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS TO LOANS 
 Section 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective as of the Business Day (the Effective Date when each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied in a manner satisfactory to the Agents 
 a. Payment of Fees, Etc. The Borrower shall have paid on or before the Effective Date all fees, costs, expenses and taxes then due and payable pursuant to Section 2.07 and Section 12.04. 
 b. Representations and Warranties No Event of Default . The following statements shall be true and correct (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article 
 66 

VI and in each other Loan Document, certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant hereto or thereto on or prior to the Effective Date are true and correct on and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Effective Date or would result from this Agreement or the other Loan Documents becoming effective in accordance with its or their respective terms. 
 c. Legality . The making of the Loans on the Effective Date shall not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable to any Secured Party. 
 d. Delivery of Documents . The Collateral Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and, unless indicated otherwise, dated the Effective Date and, if applicable, duly executed by the Persons party thereto 
 i. the Security Agreement 
 ii. a UCC Filing Authorization Letter, together with evidence satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of the filing of appropriate financing statements on form UCC-1, in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests purported to be created by the Security Agreement 
 iii. the results of searches for any effective UCC financing statements, tax Liens or judgment Liens filed against any Loan Party or its property, (x) which results shall not show any such Liens (other than Permitted Liens acceptable to the Collateral Agent) or (y) shall be accompanied by evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent that the Liens indicated in all such financing statements and other filings (or similar document) have been released or will be released on the Effective Date concurrently with the funding of the Loans hereunder 
 iv. a Perfection Certificate 
 v. the Disbursement Letter 
 vi. the Fee Letter 
 vii. the Intercompany Subordination Agreement 
 viii. the Intercreditor Agreement, the AGS Subordination Agreement and the Exitus Subordination Agreement 
 ix. Reserved 
 x. Reserved 
 xi. the management rights letter, dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Agents, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the VCOC Management Rights Agreement 
 xii. a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Loan Party, certifying (A) as to copies of the Governing Documents of such Loan Party, together with all 
 67 

amendments thereto (including, without limitation, a true and complete copy of the charter, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or other publicly filed organizational document (or applicable equivalent) of each Loan Party certified as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date by an appropriate official of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party which shall set forth the same complete name of such Loan Party as is set forth herein and the organizational number of such Loan Party, if an organizational number is issued in such jurisdiction), (B) as to a copy of the resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party authorizing (1) the borrowings hereunder and the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is or will be a party, and (2) the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the execution and delivery of the other documents to be delivered by such Person in connection herewith and therewith, (C) the names and true signatures of the representatives of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document (in the case of the Borrower, including, without limitation, Notices of Borrowing, SOFR Notices and all other notices under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such Loan Party in connection herewith and therewith, together with evidence of the incumbency of such authorized officers and (D) as to the matters set forth in Section 5.01(b), 5.01(c), 5.01(e), 5.01(f), 5.01(j) and 5.01(k) 
 xiii. a certificate of the chief financial officer of Holdings (A) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations required to establish compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the Loans, with each of the financial covenants contained in Section 7.03 (as if the covenants applicable to the fiscal month ending April 30, 2022 applied on the Effective Date), (B) certifying that all United States federal and other material tax returns required to be filed by the Loan Parties have been filed and all taxes (other than the Unpaid Taxes) upon the Loan Parties or their properties, assets, and income (including real property taxes and payroll taxes) have been paid, (C) attaching a copy of the Financial Statements and the Projections described in Section 6.01(g)(ii) hereof and certifying as to the compliance with the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(g)(i) and Section 6.01(g)(ii) and (D) certifying that after giving effect to all Loans to be made on the Effective Date, all liabilities of the Loan Parties (other than any accounts payable that are past due and expressly permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(s)) are current 
 xiv. a certificate of the chief financial officer of Holdings, certifying on behalf of the Loan Parties, that the Loan Parties (on a consolidated basis), after giving effect to the Loans made on the Effective Date, are Solvent 
 xv. a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower certifying that (A) the attached copies of the Material Contracts as in effect on the Effective Date are true, complete and correct copies thereof and (B) such agreements remain in full force and effect and that none of the Loan Parties has breached or defaulted in any of its obligations under such agreements 
 xvi. a certificate of the appropriate official(s) of the jurisdiction of organization and, except to the extent such failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each jurisdiction of foreign qualification of each Loan Party, certifying as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date as to the subsistence in good standing of, and the payment of Taxes by, such Loan Party in such jurisdictions 
 68 

xvii. an opinion of (i) Mayer Brown LLP, New York, Delaware and California counsel to the Loan Parties, and (ii) Carlton Fields, P.A., Florida counsel to the Loan Parties, as to such matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request 
 xviii. evidence of the insurance coverage required by Section 7.01 and the terms of each Security Agreement and each Mortgage and such other insurance coverage with respect to the business and operations of the Loan Parties as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, together with evidence of the payment of all premiums due in respect thereof for such period as the Collateral Agent may request and 
 xix. evidence of the payment in full of all Indebtedness under the Existing First Lien Credit Facility (other than the Deferred Monroe Fees), together with (A) a termination and release agreement with respect to the Existing First Lien Credit Facility and all related documents, duly executed by the Loan Parties and the Existing First Lien Lenders, (B) a termination of security interest in Intellectual Property for each assignment for security recorded by the Existing First Lien Lenders at the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office and covering any intellectual property of the Loan Parties, and (C) UCC-3 termination statements for all UCC-1 financing statements filed by the Existing Lenders and covering any portion of the Collateral. 
 e. Material Adverse Effect . The Collateral Agent shall have determined, in its sole judgment, that no event or development shall have occurred since December 31, 2021 which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 f. Approvals . All consents, authorizations and approvals of, and filings and registrations with, and all other actions in respect of, any Governmental Authority or other Person required in connection with the making of the Loans, or the conduct of the Loan Parties business, or the consummation of any of the underlying transactions shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect. 
 g. Proceedings Receipt of Documents . All proceedings in connection with the making of the initial Loans and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and all documents incidental hereto and thereto, shall be satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and its counsel, and the Collateral Agent and such counsel shall have received all such information and such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as the Collateral Agent or such counsel may reasonably request. 
 h. Management Reference Checks . The Collateral Agent shall have received satisfactory reference checks for, and shall have had an opportunity to meet with, key management of each Loan Party. 
 i. Reserved . 
 j. Security Interests . The Loan Documents shall create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable first priority security interest in the Collateral secured thereby (subject only to Permitted Liens). 
 k. Litigation . There shall exist no claim, action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, shareholder or derivative litigation) pending or threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority which relates to the Loans or which, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, is reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 69 

l. Notice of Borrowing . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof. 
 m. Patriot Act Compliance . The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, a duly executed IRS Form W-9 (or other applicable tax form) of Holdings and the Borrower, and all documentation and other information with respect to the Loan Parties required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act, that has been reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date. 
 n. Meeting with Management . The Agents shall have had a meeting at Holdings corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Agents) at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Agents to discuss the financial condition and results of operation of Holdings and its Subsidiaries. 
 Section 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Loans . The obligation of any Agent or any Lender to make any Loan after the Effective Date is subject to the fulfillment, in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of each of the following conditions precedent 
 a. Payment of Fees, Etc. The Borrower shall have paid all fees, costs, expenses and material taxes then payable by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, Section 2.07 and Section 12.04 hereof. 
 b. Representations and Warranties No Event of Default . The following statements shall be true and correct, and the submission by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Borrowing with respect to each such Loan, and the Borrower s acceptance of the proceeds of such Loan, shall each be deemed to be a representation and warranty by each Loan Party on the date of such Loan that (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in each other Loan Document, certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant hereto or thereto on or prior to the date of such Loan are true and correct on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date), (ii) at the time of and after giving effect to the making of such Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the making of the Loan to be made, on such date and (iii) the conditions set forth in this Section 5.02 have been satisfied as of the date of such request. 
 c. Legality . The making of such Loan shall not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable to any Secured Party. 
 d. Notices . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof. 
 e. Proceedings Receipt of Documents . All proceedings in connection with the making of such Loan and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and all documents incidental hereto and thereto, shall be satisfactory to the Agents and their counsel, and the Agents and such counsel shall have received such other agreements, instruments, approvals, opinions and other documents, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, as any Agent may reasonably request. 
 70 

ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 6.01 Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Secured Parties as follows 
 a. Organization, Good Standing, Etc. Each Loan Party (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership duly organized or incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated and, in the case of the Borrower, to make the borrowings hereunder, and to execute and deliver each Loan Document to which it is a party, and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except (solely for the purposes of this subclause (iii)) where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 b. Authorization, Etc. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or will be a party, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action, (ii) do not and will not contravene (A) any of its Governing Documents, (B) any applicable Requirement of Law or (C) any Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Loan Document) upon or with respect to any of its properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to its operations or any of its properties. 
 c. Governmental Approvals . No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the due execution, delivery and performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or will be a party other than (x) those which have been provided or obtained on or prior to the Effective Date or (y) filings and recordings with respect to Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing or recordation, on the Effective Date. 
 d. Enforceability of Loan Documents . This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is or will be a party, when delivered hereunder, will be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. 
 e. Capitalization . On the Effective Date, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Effective Date, the authorized Equity Interests of Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries and the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries are as set forth on Schedule 6.01(e). All of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests of Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and the holders thereof are not entitled to any preemptive, first refusal or other similar rights. All Equity Interests of such Subsidiaries of Holdings are owned by Holdings free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens). Except as described on Schedule 6.01(e), there are no outstanding debt or equity 
 71 

securities of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries and no outstanding obligations of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for, or warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, or other obligations of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, directly or indirectly, any shares of Equity Interests of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 f. Litigation . Except as set forth in Schedule 6.01(f), there is no pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened action, suit or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its properties before any court or other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator that (i) if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) relates to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 g. Financial Statements . 
 i. The Financial Statements, copies of which have been delivered to each Agent and each Lender, fairly present the consolidated financial condition of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal periods ended on such respective dates, all in accordance with GAAP. All material indebtedness and other liabilities (including, without limitation, Indebtedness, liabilities for taxes, long-term leases and other unusual forward or long-term commitments), direct or contingent, of Holdings and its Subsidiaries are set forth in the Financial Statements. Since March 21, 2022, no event or development has occurred that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 ii. Holdings has heretofore furnished to each Agent and each Lender (A) projected quarterly financial information of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, and (B) projected annual financial information for the 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026 Fiscal Years, which projected financial statements shall be updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii). 
 h. Compliance with Law, Etc. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of (i) any of its Governing Documents, (ii) any Requirement of Law, or (iii) any material term of any Contractual Obligation (including, without limitation, any Material Contract) binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing thereunder. 
 i. ERISA . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i), (i) each Loan Party and each Employee Plan and Pension Plan is in compliance with all Requirements of Law in all material respects, including ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, (ii) no ERISA Event has occurred nor is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Employee Plan, Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (iii) copies of each agreement entered into with the PBGC, the U.S. Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Employee Plan or Pension Plan have been delivered to the Agents, and (iv) each Employee Plan and Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and the trust related thereto is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any material liability to the PBGC which remains outstanding other than the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due and which are unpaid with respect to a Pension Plan. There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened material claims, actions, proceedings or lawsuits (other 
 72 

than claims for benefits in the ordinary course) asserted or instituted against (A) any Employee Plan, Pension Plan, or their respective assets, (B) any fiduciary with respect to any Employee Plan or Pension Plan, or (C) any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any Employee Plan or Pension Plan. Except as required by Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code, no Loan Party maintains an employee welfare benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) that provides health benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of any Loan Party or has any obligation to provide any such benefits for any current employee after such employee s termination of employment. 
 j. Taxes, Etc. (i) All United States federal and other material Tax returns and other reports required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed by any Loan Party have been timely filed and (ii) all Taxes imposed upon any Loan Party or any property of any Loan Party which have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, except (A) the Unpaid Taxes and other unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount at any one time outstanding not in excess of 250,000, and (B) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 k. Regulations T, U and X . No Loan Party is or will be engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X), and no proceeds of any Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or for any purpose that violates, or is inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U and X. 
 l. Nature of Business . No Loan Party is engaged in any business other than as set forth on Schedule 6.01(l) hereto. 
 m. Adverse Agreements, Etc. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contractual Obligation or subject to any restriction or limitation in any Governing Document or any judgment, order, regulation, ruling or other requirement of a court or other Governmental Authority, which (either individually or in the aggregate) has, or in the future could reasonably be expected (either individually or in the aggregate) to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 n. Permits, Etc. Each Loan Party has, and is in compliance with, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations, including Environmental Permits, required for such Person lawfully to own, lease, manage or operate, or to acquire, each business and Facility currently owned, leased, managed or operated, or to be acquired, by such Person, except to the extent the failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No condition exists or event has occurred which, in itself or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would result in the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or non-renewal of any such permit, license, authorization, approval, entitlement or accreditation, including any such Environmental Permit, and there is no claim that any of the foregoing is not in full force and effect. 
 o. Properties . Each Loan Party has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use, all property and assets material to its business, free and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens. All such properties and assets are in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 
 73 

p. Employee and Labor Matters . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(p), (i) each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law in all material respects pertaining to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, wages and hours, and occupational safety and health, (ii) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary is party to any collective bargaining agreement, nor has any labor union been recognized as the representative of the employees of any Loan Party of Subsidiary, (iii) there is no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement, (iv) there has been no strike, work stoppage, slowdown, lockout, or other labor dispute pending or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, and (v) to the knowledge of each Loan Party, no labor organization or group of employees has made a pending demand for recognition or certification, and there are no representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a representation proceeding presently pending or threatened to be brought or filed, with the National Labor Relations Board or any other labor relations tribunal or authority. No Loan Party or Subsidiary has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act WARN or any similar Requirement of Law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied. All material payments due from any Loan Party or Subsidiary on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party or Subsidiary. 
 q. Environmental Matters . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(q) hereto, (i) no Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Environmental Law, (ii) each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has, and is in compliance with, all Environmental Permits for its respective operations and businesses, except to the extent any failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party (iii) there has been no Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials on, in, at, under or from any properties currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or a respective predecessor in interest or at any disposal or treatment facility which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or any respective predecessor in interest, which in any case of the foregoing could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party (iv) there are no pending or threatened Environmental Claims against, or Environmental Liability of, any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or any respective predecessor in interest that could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party (v) neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is performing or responsible for any Remedial Action that could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party and (vi) the Loan Parties have made available to the Collateral Agent and Lenders true and complete copies of all material environmental reports, audits and investigations in the possession or control of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the operations and business of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries. 
 r. Insurance . Each Loan Party maintains all insurance required by Section 7.01(h). Schedule 6.01(r) sets forth a list of all such insurance maintained by or for the benefit of each Loan Party on the Effective Date. 
 s. Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans shall be used to (a) refinance the Existing First Lien Credit Facility (excluding the payment of Deferred Monroe Fees) and other existing indebtedness of the Borrower, (b) pay fees and expenses in connection with the 
 74 

transactions contemplated hereby, (c) pay up to 9,000,000 of certain past-due accounts payable of the Loan Parties and (d) fund working capital of the Borrower. 
 t. Solvency . After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and before and after giving effect to each Loan, each Loan Party is, and the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis are, Solvent. No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party. 
 u. Intellectual Property . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(u), each Loan Party owns or licenses or otherwise has the right to use all Intellectual Property rights that are necessary for the operation of its business, without infringement upon or conflict with the rights of any other Person with respect thereto, except for such infringements and conflicts which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Set forth on Schedule 6.01(u) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of (i) each item of Registered Intellectual Property owned by each Loan Party (ii) each material work of authorship owned by each Loan party and which is not Registered Intellectual Property, and (iii) each Intellectual Property Contract to which each Loan Party is bound. No trademark or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party infringes upon or conflicts with any rights owned by any other Person, and no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or threatened. To the knowledge of each Loan Party, no patent, invention, device, application, principle or any statute, law, rule, regulation, standard or code pertaining to Intellectual Property is pending or proposed. 
 v. Material Contracts . Set forth on Schedule 6.01(v) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of all Material Contracts of each Loan Party, showing the parties and subject matter thereof and amendments and modifications thereto. Each such Material Contract (i) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto and all other parties thereto in accordance with its terms, (ii) has not been otherwise amended or modified, and (iii) is not in default due to the action of any Loan Party or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any other party thereto. 
 w. Investment Company Act . None of the Loan Parties is (i) an investment company or an affiliated person or promoter of, or principal underwriter of or for, an investment company , as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (ii) subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law that limits in any respect its ability to incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or a portion of the Obligations unenforceable. 
 x. Customers and Suppliers . There exists no actual or threatened termination, cancellation or limitation of, or modification to or change in the business relationship between (i) any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any material customer or any group thereof, on the other hand, or (ii) any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any material supplier or any group thereof, on the other hand, and there exists no present state of facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to give rise to or result in any such termination, cancellation, limitation, modification or change. 
 y. Senior Indebtedness, Etc. Each of the applicable Loan Parties has the power and authority to incur the Indebtedness provided for under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility and has duly authorized, executed and delivered the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility. The Existing Second Lien Credit Facility constitutes the legal, valid and binding 
 75 

obligation of Holdings and its Subsidiaries enforceable against Holdings and its Subsidiaries in accordance with its terms. The subordination provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement are and will be enforceable against the Existing Second Lien Lenders by the Secured Parties which have not effectively waived the benefits thereof. All Obligations, including, without limitation, those to pay principal of and interest (including post-petition interest) on the Loans and fees and expenses in connection therewith, constitute the Senior Credit Facility (as defined in the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility), and all such Obligations are entitled to the benefits of the subordination created by the Intercreditor Agreement. Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries acknowledges that the Agents and the Lenders are entering into this Agreement, and extending their Commitments, in reliance upon the subordination provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Section 6.01(y). 
 z. Sanctions Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money Laundering Laws . None of any Loan Party, any Subsidiary thereof, any of their respective directors, officers, or employees, shareholders or owners, nor any of their respective agents or Affiliates, (i) is a Sanctioned Person or currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) has assets located in a Sanctioned Country, (iii) conducts any business with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, (iv) directly or indirectly derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with, Sanctioned Persons, (v) is a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the USA Patriot Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision, or (vi) is a Person that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 or 312 of the USA Patriot Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Law. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance with all Sanctions, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws. Each Loan Party and each Affiliate, officer, employee or director acting on behalf of any Loan Party is (and is taking no action that would result in any such Person not being) in compliance with (A) all applicable OFAC rules and regulations, (B) all applicable United States of America, United Kingdom, United Nations, European Union, German, Canadian, Australian and all other internationally respected national autonomous sanctions, embargos and trade restrictions and (C) all applicable provisions of the USA Patriot Act. In addition, no Loan Party or any Subsidiary is engaged in any kind of activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that is subject to any sanctions administered by OFAC, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Germany, Canada, Australia or the United Nations. 
 aa. Anti-Bribery and Corruption . 
 i. Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, or any other Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party, has offered, promised, paid, given or authorized the payment or giving of any money or other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any Person, including without limitation, any employee, official or other Person acting on behalf of any Governmental Authority, or otherwise engaged in any activity that may violate any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 ii. Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, or any other Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party, has engaged in any activity that would breach any Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 76 

iii. To each Loan Party s knowledge and belief, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any court or other Governmental Authority against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or any of their directors, officers, employees or other Person acting on their behalf that relates to a potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Sanctions. 
 iv. The Loan Parties will not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of the Advances for any purpose that would breach the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. 
 bb. Full Diclosure . 
 i. Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Agents all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Agents (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and general information about Borrower s industry) in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading. 
 ii. Projections have been prepared on a reasonable basis and in good faith based on assumptions, estimates, methods and tests that are believed by the Loan Parties to be reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared and information believed by the Loan Parties to have been accurate based upon the information available to the Loan Parties at the time such Projections were furnished to the Lenders, and Holdings is not be aware of any facts or information that would lead it to believe that such Projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect it being understood that (A) Projections are by their nature subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Loan Parties control, (B) actual results may differ materially from the Projections and such variations may be material and (C) the Projections are not a guarantee of performance. 
 ARTICLE VII COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 
 Section 7.01 Affirmative Covenants . So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party will, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing 
 a. Reporting Requirements . Furnish to each Agent and each Lender 
 i. as soon as available, and in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first full fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, (x) internally prepared consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows as at the end of such fiscal month, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such fiscal month, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set 
 77 

forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, and (B) the Projections, all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of Holdings as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal month and the results of operations, retained earnings and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal month and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments (y) a report of key performance indicators during such fiscal month with respect to the top 25 customers, headcount and billable utilization, as reasonably identified by Holdings, for the business of Holdings and its Subsidiaries and any additional financial information as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and (z) a Compliance Certificate 
 ii. the following 
 A. as soon as available and in any event within forty five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Holdings and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first full fiscal quarter of Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of Holdings as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the results of operations and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such quarter and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments, and 
 B. no later than two (2) Business Days after the delivery of the financial information described in clause (A), a comparison of the financial information described in clause (A) to that in the Projections, and a report of key performance indicators during such fiscal quarter with respect to the top 25 customers, headcount and billable utilization, as reasonably identified by Holdings, for the business of Holdings and its Subsidiaries and any additional financial information as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent 
 iii. the following 
 A. as soon as available, and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by a report and an opinion, prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, of a Big Four firm or another independent certified public accountant of recognized standing selected by Holdings and satisfactory to the Agents (which report and opinion shall not include (1) any qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about the ability of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to continue as a going concern or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, or (2) any 
 78 

qualification which relates to the treatment or classification of any item and which, as a condition to the removal of such qualification, would require an adjustment to such item, the effect of which would be to cause any noncompliance with the provisions of Section 7.03), and 
 B. no later than two Business Days after the delivery of the financial information described in clause (A), a comparison of the financial information described in clause (A) to that in the Projections 
 iv. no later than two Business Days after the delivery of the financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), a Compliance Certificate 
 A. stating that an Authorized Officer of the Borrower has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and has made or caused to be made under his or her supervision a review of the condition and operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries during the period covered by such financial statements with a view to determining whether Holdings and its Subsidiaries were in compliance with all of the provisions of this Agreement and such Loan Documents at the times such compliance is required hereby and thereby, and that such review has not disclosed, and such Authorized Officer has no knowledge of, the occurrence and continuance during such period of an Event of Default or Default or, if an Event of Default or Default had occurred and continued or is continuing, describing the nature and period of existence thereof and the action which Holdings and its Subsidiaries propose to take or have taken with respect thereto, 
 B. in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), (1) attaching a schedule showing the calculation of the financial covenants specified in Section 7.03 and the calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio for the applicable period for purposes of determining the Applicable Margin in accordance with the terms of the definition thereof, (2) a calculation of the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such month, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, showing compliance with Section 7.03(c) and (3) including a discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the portion of the Fiscal Year then elapsed and discussing the reasons for any significant variations from the Projections for such period and commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, the figures for the corresponding period in the previous Fiscal Year, and 
 C. in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by (X) clause (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), attaching (1) the calculation of the Excess Cash Flow in accordance with the terms of Section 2.06(c)(i) and (2) confirmation that there have been no changes to the information contained in each of the Perfection Certificates delivered on the Effective Date or the date of the most recently updated Perfection Certificate delivered pursuant to this clause (iv) and or attaching an updated Perfection Certificate identifying any such changes to the information contained therein, and (Y) clause (ii) of this Section 7.01(a), attaching a summary of all material insurance coverage maintained as of the date thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and evidence that such insurance meets the requirements set forth in Section 7.01(h), each Security Agreement and each Mortgage (or stating that there has been no change in the information most recently provided pursuant to this clause (C)(Y)), together with such other related documents and information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require 
 v. as soon as available and in any event within 10 days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal month of 
 79 

Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, reports in form and detail satisfactory to the Agents and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower as being accurate and complete (but subject to final balance sheet adjustments) (A) listing all Accounts of the Loan Parties as of such day, which shall include the amount and age of each such Account, showing separately those which are more than 30, 60, 90 and 120 days old and a description of all Liens, set-offs, defenses and counterclaims with respect thereto, together with a reconciliation of such schedule with the schedule delivered to the Agents pursuant to this clause (v)(A) for the immediately preceding fiscal month, the name and mailing address of each Account Debtor with respect to each such Account and such other information as any Agent may request, and (B listing all accounts payable of the Loan Parties as of each such day which shall include the amount and age of each such account payable, the name and mailing address of each account creditor and such other information as any Agent may request , and (C listing all Inventory of the Loan Parties as of each such day, and containing a breakdown of such Inventory by type and amount, the cost and the current market value thereof (by location), the date of acquisition, the warehouse and production facility location and such other information as any Agent may request, all in detail and in form satisfactory to the Agents 
 vi. (A) on or prior to the date that the payment required under Section 2.03(b)(w) (together with all other Obligations required to be paid in connection with any such prepayment) has been received by the Lenders, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time), on the second and fourth Friday of each fiscal month (or if such day is not a Business Day, then the next preceding Business Day) commencing with March 10, 2023, and (B) anytime thereafter, as soon as available and in any event within 10 days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, in each case, reports in form and detail satisfactory to the Agents, and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower as being accurate and complete (but subject to final balance sheet adjustments), listing all accounts payable of the Loan Parties as of each such day which shall include the amount and age of each such account payable, the name and mailing address of each account creditor and such other information as any Agent may request 
 vii. (vi) as soon as available and in any event not later than 60 days prior to the end of each Fiscal Year (or in the case of the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, on or prior to November 30, 2022), a certificate of an Authorized Officer of Holdings (A) attaching Projections for Holdings and its Subsidiaries, supplementing and superseding the Projections previously required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement, prepared on a monthly basis and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, for the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year for Holdings and its Subsidiaries and (B) certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(ii)(ii) Section 6.01(bb)(ii) are true and correct with respect to the Projections 
 viii. (vii) promptly after submission to any Governmental Authority, all documents and information furnished to such Governmental Authority in connection with any investigation of any Loan Party other than (A) routine inquiries by such Governmental Authority and (B) inquiries made in the normal course of business 
 ix. (viii) as soon as possible, and in any event within three (3) days after the occurrence of an Event of Default or Default or the occurrence of any event or development that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the written statement of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default or other event or development having a Material Adverse Effect and the action which the affected Loan Party proposes to take with respect thereto 
 80 

x. (ix) as soon as possible and in any event (A) within five (5) Business Days after a Loan Party has knowledge of the occurrence (or future occurrence) of any ERISA Event, notice of such ERISA Event (in reasonable detail), and (B) within ten (10) Business Days after the filing thereof with the Internal Revenue Service, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to any Pension Plan, and (C) within ten (10) Business Days after any Loan Party sends notice of a plant closing or mass layoff (as defined in WARN) to employees, copies of each such notice sent by such Loan Party 
 xi. (x) promptly after the commencement thereof but in any event not later than five (5) days after service of process with respect thereto on, or the obtaining of knowledge thereof by, any Loan Party, notice of each action, suit or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority or other regulatory body or any arbitrator, in which the amount of damages claimed is 500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies) or more in the aggregate for all such actions, suits or proceedings 
 xii. (xi) as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after execution, receipt or delivery thereof, copies of any material notices that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with any Material Contract 
 xiii. (xii) as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after execution, receipt or delivery thereof, copies of any material notices that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with the sale or other Disposition of the Equity Interests of, or all or substantially all of the assets of, any Loan Party 
 xiv. (xiii) as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after the delivery thereof to Holdings Board of Directors, copies of all reports or other information so delivered in connection with a meeting of such Board of Directors (other than any such reports or other information that are subject to attorney-client or other legal privilege) provided that all such reports and other information is subject to Section 12.19 
 xv. (xiv) promptly after (A) the sending or filing thereof, copies of all statements, reports and other information any Loan Party sends to any holders of its Indebtedness or its securities or files with the SEC or any national (domestic or foreign) securities exchange (including, without limitation, any statements, reports, filings, agreements, or other information that relate to any Equity Issuance) and (B) the receipt thereof, a copy of any material notice received from any holder of its Indebtedness 
 xvi. (xv) promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all financial reports (including, without limitation, management letters), if any, submitted to any Loan Party by its auditors in connection with any annual or interim audit of the books thereof 
 xvii. (xvi) promptly upon request, any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its sole discretion, confirming the Borrower s compliance with Section 7.02(r) 
 xviii. (xvii) reserved 
 xix. (xviii) simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), if, as a result of any change in accounting principles and policies from those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements that is permitted by Section 7.02(q), the consolidated financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 
 81 

Section 7.01(a) will differ from the consolidated financial statements that would have been delivered pursuant to such subdivisions had no such change in accounting principles and policies been made, then, together with the first delivery of such financial statements after such change, one or more statements of reconciliation for all such prior financial statements in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents 
 xx. (xix) (A) (1) on or prior to the date that the payment required under Section 2.03(b)(w) (together with all other Obligations required to be paid in connection with any such prepayment) has been received by the Lenders, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time), on the second and fourth Friday of each fiscal month (or if such day is not a Business Day, then the next preceding Business Day) commencing with March 10, 2023, and (2) anytime thereafter, as soon as available and in any event within 10 days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, in each case, a calculation of the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such month, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and B)(1) as soon as available, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, (1) a calculation of the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such month, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and 2) a 13-week cash flow forecast of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents (the 13-Week Cash Flow and B 2 if the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries is less than 7,000,000 at any time during a week, then commencing on Wednesday of the following week and for every week thereafter until the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for each day in the prior week is greater than 7,000,000, (1) a calculation of the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the preceding week in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and (2) a 13-Week Cash Flow and 
 xxi. as soon as possible and in any event within one (1) day after receipt thereof by any Loan Party, copies of any reports or other work product prepared by the Financial Advisor or the Operational Advisor and 
 xxii. (xx) promptly upon request, such other information concerning the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of any Loan Party (including, without limitation, any Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance information) as any Agent may from time to time may reasonably request. 
 b. Additional Borrowers, Guarantors and Collateral Security . Cause 
 i. each Subsidiary of any Loan Party not in existence on the Effective Date (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary and or any Excluded Foreign Subsidiary), to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent promptly and in any event within 30 days after the formation, acquisition or change in status thereof, (A) a Joinder Agreement, pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall be made a party to this Agreement as a Borrower or Guarantor, (B) a supplement to the Security Agreement, together with (1) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of any Person owned by such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Security Agreement, (2) undated stock powers for such Equity Interests executed in blank with signature guaranteed, and (3) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, (C) to the extent required under the terms of this Agreement, one or more Mortgages creating on the real property of such Subsidiary a perfected, first priority Lien (in terms of priority, subject only to Permitted Liens) on such real property and such other Real Property Deliverables as may be required by the Collateral Agent with respect to each such real property, and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in order to create, perfect, establish the first priority of or otherwise protect any Lien purported to be covered by any such Security Agreement or Mortgage or otherwise to effect the intent that such Subsidiary shall become bound by all of the terms, 
 82 

covenants and agreements contained in the Loan Documents and that all property and assets of such Subsidiary shall become Collateral for the Obligations and 
 ii. each owner of the Equity Interests of any such Subsidiary to execute and deliver promptly and in any event within 30 days after the formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary a Pledge Amendment (as defined in the Security Agreement), together with (A) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Security Agreement, (B) undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of assignment for such Equity Interests executed in blank, (C) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents requested by the Collateral Agent. 
 c. Compliance with Laws Payment of Taxes . 
 i. Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Requirements of Law, judgments and awards (including any settlement of any claim that, if breached, could give rise to any of the foregoing). 
 ii. Pay, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay, in full before delinquency or before the expiration of any extension period, all Taxes imposed upon any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except (i) unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount at any one time not in excess of 250,000, and (ii) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP. 
 d. Preservation of Existence, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 e. Keeping of Records and Books of Account . Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, adequate records and books of account, with complete entries made to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 f. Inspection Rights . Permit, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to permit, the agents and representatives of any Agent at any time and from time to time during normal business hours and with reasonable notice to the Borrower, at the expense of the Borrower, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from its records and books of account, to visit and inspect its properties, to verify materials, leases, notes, accounts receivable, deposit accounts and its other assets, to conduct audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals or examinations and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with any of its directors, officers, managerial employees, independent accountants or any of its other representatives. In furtherance of the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby authorizes its independent accountants, and the independent accountants of each of its Subsidiaries, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of such Person (independently or together with representatives of such Person) with the agents and representatives of any Agent in accordance with this Section 7.01(f). 
 g. Maintenance of Properties, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and 
 83 

casualty excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder, except to the extent the failure to so maintain and preserve or so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 h. Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, cyber, hazard, flood, rent, worker s compensation and business interruption insurance) with respect to the Collateral and its other properties (including all real property leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering such risks as is (i) carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated, (ii) required by any Requirement of Law, (iii) required by any Material Contract and (iv) in any event in amount, adequacy and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. All policies covering the Collateral are to be made payable to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, as their interests may appear, in case of loss, under a standard non contributory lender or secured party clause and are to contain such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may require to fully protect the Lenders interest in the Collateral and to any payments to be made under such policies. All certificates of insurance are to be delivered to the Collateral Agent and the policies are to be premium prepaid, with the loss payable and additional insured endorsement in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, as their respective interests may appear, and such other Persons as the Collateral Agent may designate from time to time, and shall provide for not less than 30 days (10 days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to the Collateral Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation. If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries fails to maintain such insurance, the Collateral Agent may arrange for such insurance, but at the Borrower s expense and without any responsibility on the Collateral Agent s part for obtaining the insurance, the solvency of the insurance companies, the adequacy of the coverage, or the collection of claims. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the sole right, in the name of the Lenders, any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, to file claims under any insurance policies, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies. 
 i. Obtaining of Permits, Etc. Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business, in each case, except to the extent the failure to obtain, maintain, preserve or take such action could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 j. Environmental . 
 i. Keep the Collateral free of any Environmental Lien 
 ii. Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all Environmental Permits that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits 
 84 

iii. Take all commercially reasonable steps to prevent any Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials in violation of any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit at, in, on, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries 
 iv. Provide the Collateral Agent with written notice within ten (10) days of any of the following (A) discovery of any Release of a Hazardous Material or environmental condition at, in, on, under or from any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party, Subsidiary or predecessor in interest or any violation of Environmental Law or Environmental Permit that in any case could reasonably be expected to result in any material Environmental Claim or Environmental Liability (B) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against any Collateral or (C) an Environmental Claim or Environmental Liabilities and provide such reports, documents and information as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 k. Fiscal Year . Cause the Fiscal Year of Holdings and its Subsidiaries to end on December 31 of each calendar year unless the Agents consent to a change in such Fiscal Year (and appropriate related changes to this Agreement). 
 l. Landlord Waivers Collateral Access Agreements . At any time any Collateral with a book value in excess of 250,000 (when aggregated with all other Collateral at the same location) is located on any real property of a Loan Party located in the United States (whether such real property is now existing or acquired after the Effective Date) which is not owned by a Loan Party, or is stored on the premises of a bailee, warehouseman, or similar party, use its best efforts to obtain written subordinations or waivers or collateral access agreements, as the case may be, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 m. After Acquired Real Property . Upon the acquisition by it or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof of any interest (whether fee or leasehold) in any real property (wherever located) (each such interest being a New Facility with a Current Value (as defined below) in excess of 500,000 in the case of a fee interest immediately so notify the Collateral Agent, setting forth with specificity a description of the interest acquired, the location of the real property, any structures or improvements thereon and either an appraisal or such Loan Party s good-faith estimate of the current value of such real property (for purposes of this Section, the Current Value ). The Collateral Agent shall notify such Loan Party whether it intends to require a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables or landlord s waiver (pursuant to Section 7.01(l) hereof) with respect to such New Facility. Upon receipt of such notice requesting a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables) or landlord s waiver, the Person that has acquired such New Facility shall promptly furnish the same to the Collateral Agent. The Borrower shall pay all fees and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, and all title insurance charges and premiums, in connection with each Loan Party s obligations under this Section 7.01(m). 
 n. Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws Sanctions . 
 i. Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 ii. Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions. 
 85 

iii. Neither Loan Party nor, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee or any Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party will engage in any activity that would breach any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 iv. Promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any action, suit or investigations by any court or Governmental Authority in relation to an alleged breach of the Anti-Corruption Law. 
 v. Not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of any Loan for any purpose that would breach any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 vi. Each Loan Party and Affiliate, officer, employee or director, acting on behalf of the Loan Party is (and will take no action which would result in any such Person not being) in compliance with (A) all applicable OFAC rules and regulations, (B) all applicable United States of America, United Kingdom, United Nations, European Union, German, Canadian, Australian and all other reasonable internationally respected national autonomous sanctions, embargos and trade restrictions and (C) all applicable provisions of the USA Patriot Act. In addition, none of the activities or business of any Loan Party includes any kind of activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that is subject to any Sanctions. 
 vii. In order to comply with the know your customer borrower requirements of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, promptly provide to the Administrative Agent upon its reasonable request from time to time (A) information relating to individuals and entities affiliated with any Loan Party that maintain a business relationship with the Administrative Agent, and (B) such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such Loan Party in order to enable the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 o. Lender Meetings . Upon the request of any Agent or the Required Lenders (which request, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, shall not be made more than once during each fiscal quarter and shall not occur until after the earnings call for the most recently ended fiscal quarter), participate in a meeting with the Agents and the Lenders at Holding s corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders) at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders to discuss the financial condition and results of operation of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended fiscal quarter. Upon the request of any Agent or the Required Lenders, each of the Financial Advisor and or the Operational Advisor will attend and participate in such meetings. 
 p. Board Information Rights . The Administrative Agent shall be timely notified of the time and place of any regular or special meetings (regular meetings shall be held no less than once per quarter) and will be given written notice of all proposed actions to be taken by the Board of Directors (or any relevant committee thereof) of Holdings (or its direct or indirect parent holding company) and any of its Subsidiaries at such meeting as if the Administrative Agent were a member thereof. Such notice shall describe in reasonable detail the nature and substance of the matters to be discussed and or voted upon at such meeting (or the proposed actions to be taken by written consent without a meeting). The Administrative Agent shall have the right to, and shall, receive all information provided to the members of the Board of Directors or any similar group performing an executive oversight or similar function (or any relevant committee thereof) of Holdings (or its direct or indirect parent holding company) and any of its Subsidiaries in anticipation of or at such meeting (regular or special and whether telephonic or otherwise), in addition to copies of the records of the proceedings or minutes of 
 86 

such meeting, when provided to the members other than such information subject to attorney-client or other legal privilege provided that, the Administrative Agent shall keep such materials and information confidential in accordance with Section 12.19 of this Agreement. 
 q. Further Assurances . Take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, at its sole cost and expense, such agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent may require from time to time in order (i) to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) to subject to valid and perfected first priority Liens any of the Collateral or any other property of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, (iii) to establish and maintain the validity and effectiveness of any of the Loan Documents and the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens intended to be created thereby, and (iv) to better assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer and confirm unto each Secured Party the rights now or hereafter intended to be granted to it under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. In furtherance of the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Party (i) authorizes each Agent to execute any such agreements, instruments or other documents in such Loan Party s name and to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in any appropriate filing office, (ii) authorizes each Agent to file any financing statement required hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, in any appropriate filing office without the signature of such Loan Party, and (iii) ratifies the filing of any financing statement, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, filed without the signature of such Loan Party prior to the date hereof. 
 r. Post-Closing Matters . Execute and deliver the documents and comply with the requirements set forth on Schedule 7.01(r), in each case within the time limits specified on such schedule. 
 s. Financial Advisor Operational Advisor. On or before the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, (i) retain a financial advisor reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and Required Lenders (the Financial Advisor and (ii) retain an operational advisor reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and Required Lenders (the Operational Advisor ), in each case, on terms and with a scope of engagement reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent and Required Lenders. 
 t. Equity Proceeds. Notwithstanding anything to contrary contained in Section 2.06(c), until such time as the Loan Parties have prepaid the Term Loans in the amount set forth in Section 2.03(b)(w), immediately (and in any event, within three (3) Business Days) upon any Equity Issuance, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding amount of the Term Loans (plus all other Obligations due in connection with such prepayment) in an amount equal to not less than 80 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith. The provisions of this Section 7.01(t) shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such issuance, incurrence or sale otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 Section 7.02 Negative Covenants . So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing 
 a. Liens, Etc. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired file or suffer to exist under the Uniform Commercial Code or any Requirement of Law of any jurisdiction, a financing statement (or the 
 87 

equivalent thereof) that names it or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) other than, as to all of the above, Permitted Liens. 
 b. Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist, or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness. 
 c. Fundamental Changes Dispositions . 
 i.Wind-up, liquidate or dissolve, or merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any Person, including by means of a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do (or agree to do) any of the foregoing provided , however , that (x) any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party (other than the Borrower) may be merged into any Loan Party (other than Holdings or the Mexican Loan Parties), (y) any wholly-owned Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may be merged into another wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Loan Party, so long as (A) no other provision of this Agreement would be violated thereby, (B) such Loan Party gives the Agents at least 30 days prior written notice of such merger, consolidation or amalgamation accompanied by true, correct and complete copies of all material agreements, documents and instruments relating to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, including, without limitation, the certificate or certificates of merger or amalgamation to be filed with each appropriate Secretary of State (with a copy as filed promptly after such filing), (C) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or after giving effect to such transaction, (D) the Lenders rights in any Collateral, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of any Lien thereon, are not adversely affected by such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, and (E) the surviving Subsidiary, if any, if not already a Loan Party, is joined as a Loan Party hereunder pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and is a party to a Security Agreement and the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary is the subject of a Security Agreement, in each case, which is in full force and effect on the date of and immediately after giving effect to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, and (z) any winding-up, liquidation or dissolution contemplated as a party of Project Thunder may be done so long as (A) no other provision of this Agreement would be violated thereby, (B) such Loan Party gives the Agents at least 30 days prior written notice thereof (and provide the Agents copies of any certificate of dissolution as filed promptly after such filing), (C) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or after giving effect to such transaction, (D) the Lenders rights in any Collateral, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of any Lien thereon, are not adversely affected thereby and 
 ii.Make any Disposition, whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or any part of its business, property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (or agree to do any of the foregoing), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing provided , however , that any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries may make Permitted Dispositions. 
 d. Change in Nature of Business. Make or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, any change in the nature of its business as described in Section 6.01(l). 
 e. Loans, Advances, Investments, Etc. Make or commit or agree to make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries make or commit or agree to make, any Investment in any other Person except for Permitted Investments. 
 88 

f. Sale and Leaseback Transactions . Enter into, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, any Sale and Leaseback Transaction. 
 g. Reserved . 
 h. Restricted Payments . Make or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make any Restricted Payment other than Permitted Restricted Payments. 
 i. Federal Reserve Regulations . Permit any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan under this Agreement to be used for any purpose that would cause such Loan to be a margin loan under the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board. 
 j. Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate, except (i) transactions consummated in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof, and that are fully disclosed to the Agents prior to the consummation thereof, if they involve one or more payments by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of 100,000 for any single transaction or series of related transactions, (ii) transactions with another Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) (iii) transactions permitted by Section 7.02(e) and Section 7.02(h), (iv) sales of Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings to Affiliates of Holdings not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents and the granting of registration and other customary rights in connection therewith, (v) subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility and Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments, and (vi) reasonable and customary director and officer compensation (including bonuses and stock option programs), benefits and indemnification arrangements, in each case approved by the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary. 
 k. Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Subsidiaries . Create or otherwise cause, incur, assume, suffer or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (i) to pay dividends or to make any other distribution on any shares of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) to pay or prepay or to subordinate any Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) to make loans or advances to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) to transfer any of its property or assets to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing provided , however , that nothing in any of clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 7.02(k) shall prohibit or restrict compliance with 
 A. this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility 
 B. any agreement in effect on the date of this Agreement and described on Schedule 7.02(k), or any extension, replacement or continuation of any such agreement provided , that, any such encumbrance or restriction contained in such extended, replaced or continued agreement is no less favorable to the Agents and the Lenders than the encumbrance or restriction under or pursuant to the agreement so extended, replaced or continued 
 89 

C. any applicable law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, applicable currency control laws and applicable state corporate statutes restricting the payment of dividends in certain circumstances) 
 D. in the case of clause (iv), (1) customary restrictions on the subletting, assignment or transfer of any specified property or asset set forth in a lease, license, asset sale agreement or similar contract for the conveyance of such property or asset and (2) instrument or other document evidencing a Permitted Lien (or the Indebtedness secured thereby) from restricting on customary terms the transfer of any property or assets subject thereto 
 E. customary restrictions on dispositions of real property interests in reciprocal easement agreements 
 F. customary restrictions in agreements for the sale of assets on the transfer or encumbrance of such assets during an interim period prior to the closing of the sale of such assets or 
 G. customary restrictions in contracts that prohibit the assignment of such contract. 
 l. Limitations on Negative Pledges . Enter into, incur or permit to exist, or permit any Subsidiary to enter into, incur or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any agreement, instrument, deed, lease or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or that requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following (i) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.02(b) of this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (iii) any customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale or other disposition of assets or of a Subsidiary pending such sale or other disposition provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the assets or Subsidiary to be sold or disposed of and such sale or disposition is permitted hereunder, and (iv) customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment or sublet thereof. 
 m. Modifications of Indebtedness, Organizational Documents and Certain Other Agreements Etc . 
 i. Amend, modify or otherwise change (or permit the amendment, modification or other change in any manner of) any of the provisions of any of its or its Subsidiaries Indebtedness or of any instrument or agreement (including, without limitation, any purchase agreement, indenture, loan agreement or security agreement) relating to any such Indebtedness if such amendment, modification or change would shorten the final maturity or average life to maturity of, or require any payment to be made (other than any payment to be made in Equity Interests consisting of common stock) earlier than the date originally scheduled on, such Indebtedness, would increase the interest rate applicable to such Indebtedness, would add any covenant or event of default, would change the subordination provision, if any, of such Indebtedness, or would otherwise be adverse to the Lenders or the issuer of such Indebtedness in any material respect. 
 ii. except for the Obligations and the Unpaid Taxes, 
 90 

(A) make any voluntary or optional payment (including, without limitation, any payment of interest in cash that, at the option of the issuer, may be paid in cash or in kind), prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or other acquisition for value of any of its or its Subsidiaries Indebtedness, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility (including, without limitation, by way of depositing money or securities with the trustee therefor before the date required for the purpose of paying any portion of such Indebtedness when due), 
 (B) refund, refinance, replace or exchange any other Indebtedness for any such Indebtedness (other than with respect to Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness), 
 (C) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Existing Warrants, any Subordinated Indebtedness, or any Existing Earn-Out Obligations, or 
 (D) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Indebtedness as a result of any asset sale, change of control, issuance and sale of debt or equity securities or similar event, or give any notice with respect to any of the foregoing 
 provided , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
 (1) so long as, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase (x) the First Lien Leverage Ratio of Holdings and its Subsidiaries does not exceed 2.50 to 1.00 (in the case of clause (y) below, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the related Equity Issuance and the application of the proceeds thereof), (y) Holdings and its Subsidiaries are in compliance of each of the financial covenants contained in Section 7.03, and (z) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments, prepayments, repayments, repurchases or redemptions of 
 (x) the Existing Warrants in an aggregate amount not to exceed 3,000,000, and 
 (y) so long as such payment, prepayment, repayment, repurchase or redemption is made solely with the Net Cash Proceeds of any Equity Issuance, (i) subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility (including, without limitation, payments of principal of, interest on, and any other amount in respect of the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility), (ii) the AN Extend Earn-Out or (iii) any Subordinated Indebtedness, in each case, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 25 of the Net Cash Proceeds of such Equity Issuance (after giving effect to any mandatory prepayment under Section 2.06(c)(iii)), 
 (2) so long as, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment 
 91 

or repurchase (x) the First Lien Leverage Ratio of Holdings and its Subsidiaries does not exceed 3.00 to 1.00, (y) Holdings and its Subsidiaries are in compliance of each of the financial covenants contained in Section 7.03, and (z) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments of the Deferred Monroe Fees, 
 (3) the Existing Warrants, Subordinated Debt and Existing Earn-Out Obligations may be paid or prepaid solely with Equity Interests of Holdings (and not in cash), 
 (4) subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, payments, prepayments, repayments, repurchases or redemptions of the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility constituting Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments, and 
 (5) payments of the Exitus Renewal Fee . (which has been paid) 
 (6) so long as, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Exitus Subordination Agreement, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments under the Exitus Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,000,000 and 
 (7) so long as, (x) immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) prior to any such payments, the Loan Parties shall have repaid the Term Loan in the amounts required pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(w) and (x), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Exitus Subordination Agreement, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments under the Exitus Indebtedness after June 15, 2023 in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,580,000. 
 iii. amend, modify or otherwise change any of its Governing Documents (including, without limitation, by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation, or any agreement or arrangement entered into by it) with respect to any of its Equity Interests (including any shareholders agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to any of its Equity Interests, except any such amendments, modifications or changes or any such new agreements or arrangements pursuant to this clause (iii) that either individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that no such amendment, modification or change or new agreement or arrangement shall provide for any plan of division pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (or any similar statute or provision under applicable law) or 
 iv. agree to any amendment, modification or other change to or waiver of any of its rights under any Material Contract if such amendment, modification, change or waiver would be materially adverse to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the Agents and the Lenders. 
 n. Investment Company Act of 1940 . Engage in any business, enter into any transaction, use any securities or take any other action or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any 
 92 

of the foregoing, that would cause it or any of its Subsidiaries to become subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, by virtue of being an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company not entitled to an exemption within the meaning of such Act. 
 o. ERISA . (i) Cause or fail to prevent, or permit any of its ERISA Affiliates to cause or fail to prevent, an ERISA Event that individually or in the aggregate has, or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) adopt any employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA that provides benefits to employees after termination of employment other than as required by Section 601 of ERISA or other Requirements of Law. 
 p. Environmental . Permit the use, handling, generation, storage, treatment, Release or disposal of Hazardous Materials on, in, at, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by it or any of its Subsidiaries, except in compliance with Environmental Laws . 
 q. Accounting Methods . Modify or change, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to modify or change, its method of accounting or accounting principles from those utilized in the preparation of the Financial Statements (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP). 
 r. Sanctioned Persons Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws . 
 i. Conduct, nor permit any of its Subsidiaries to conduct, any business or engage in any transaction or deal with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, including the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to, from or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or 
 ii. Use, nor permit any of its Subsidiaries to use, directly or indirectly, any of the proceeds of any Loan, (A) to fund any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any other manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any Person (including by any Person participating in any Loan, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise), or (B) for the purpose of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 s. Accounts Payable . On and after the date that is 45 days after the Effective Date, have Have , or permit any of its Subsidiaries to have, any accounts payable that are more than 60 days past due in an aggregate amount greater than or equal to (i) at any time on or prior to March 24, 2023, 5,000,000, (ii) at any time after March 24, 2023 but on or prior to April 15, 2023, 3,000,000 and (iii) at any time thereafter, 1,300,000. 
 Section 7.03 Financial Covenants . So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing 
 a. Revenue . Permit Revenue of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below to be less than the amount set forth opposite such date 
 93 

Fiscal Month End Revenue June 30, 2022 150,000,000 September 30, 2022 150,000,000 December 31, 2022 150,000,000 March 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 150,000,000 
 
 b. First Lien Leverage Ratio . Permit the First Lien Leverage Ratio for any period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for ending on which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below to be greater than the ratio set forth opposite such date 
 Fiscal Quarter End First Lien Leverage Ratio December March 31, 2022 2023 
 4.00 6.38 1.00 
 April 30, 2023 6.60 1.00 March May 31, 2023 
 3.75 6.20 1.00 
 June 30, 2023 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter 
 3.50 6.00 1.00 
 July 31, 2023 5.28 1.00 August 31, 2023 4.51 1.00 September 30, 2023 4.12 1.00 October 31, 2023 3.50 1.00 November 30, 2023 3.14 1.00 December 31, 2023 4.63 1.00 January 31, 2024 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 3 50 1.00 
 
 c. Liquidity . Permit Liquidity to be (i) less than 5,000,000 1,000,000 at any time on and after the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the Effective Date. or prior to 
 94 

March 24, 2023, (ii) less than 2,000,000 at any time after March 24, 2023 but on or prior to April 15, 2023 and (iii) less than 7,000,000 at any time thereafter. 
 d. LTM EBITDA. Unless the Loan Parties shall have prepaid the Term Loan in the principal amounts required pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(w) (together with all other Obligations required to be paid in connection with any such prepayment) on or prior to April 15, 2023, each Loan Party shall not permit the Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below to be less than the amount set forth opposite such date 
 Fiscal Month End Consolidated EBITDA March 31, 2023 9,953,000 April 30, 2023 9,627,000 May 31, 2023 10,238,000 June 30, 2023 10,607,000 July 31, 2023 12,023,000 August 31, 2023 14,055,000 September 30, 2023 15,415,000 October 31, 2023 18,117,000 November 30, 2023 20,224,000 December 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 13,707,000 

ARTICLE VIII CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 
 Section 8.01 Cash Management Arrangements . (a) The Loan Parties shall (i) establish and maintain cash management services of a type and on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agents at one or more of the banks set forth on Schedule 8.01 (each a Cash Management Bank and (ii) except as otherwise provided under Section 8.01(b), deposit or cause to be deposited promptly, and in any event no later than the next Business Day after the date of receipt thereof, all proceeds in respect of any Collateral, all Collections (of a nature susceptible to a deposit in a bank account) and all other amounts received by any Loan Party 
 95 

(including payments made by Account Debtors directly to any Loan Party) into a Cash Management Account. 
 a. Subject to Section 7.01(r), the Loan Parties shall, with respect to each Cash Management Account (other than Excluded Accounts), deliver to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement with respect to such Cash Management Account. The Loan Parties shall not maintain, and shall not permit any of their Domestic Subsidiaries to maintain, cash, Cash Equivalents or other amounts in any deposit account or securities account (other than Excluded Accounts), unless the Collateral Agent shall have received a Control Agreement in respect of each such Cash Management Account provided that, the total amount of cash, Cash Equivalents or other amounts in any deposit account or securities account of any Foreign Subsidiary not subject to a Control Agreement shall not exceed, at any time on and after the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the Effective Date, 2,000,000. 
 b. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in a Control Agreement with respect to a Cash Management Account, all amounts received in such Cash Management Account shall at the Administrative Agent s direction be wired each Business Day into the Administrative Agent s Accounts, except that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent will not direct the Cash Management Bank to transfer funds in such Cash Management Account to the Administrative Agent s Accounts. 
 c. So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may amend Schedule 8.01 to add or replace a Cash Management Bank or Cash Management Account provided , however , that (i) such prospective Cash Management Bank shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Agent shall have consented in writing in advance to the opening of such Cash Management Account with the prospective Cash Management Bank, and (ii) prior to the time of the opening of such Cash Management Account, each Loan Party and such prospective Cash Management Bank shall have executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement. Each Loan Party shall close any of its Cash Management Accounts (and establish replacement cash management accounts in accordance with the foregoing sentence) promptly and in any event within 30 days of notice from the Collateral Agent that the creditworthiness of any Cash Management Bank is no longer acceptable in the Collateral Agent s reasonable judgment, or that the operating performance, funds transfer, or availability procedures or performance of such Cash Management Bank with respect to Cash Management Accounts or the Collateral Agent s liability under any Control Agreement with such Cash Management Bank is no longer acceptable in the Collateral Agent s reasonable judgment. 
 ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 9.01 Events of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (each, an Event of Default 
 a. the Borrower shall fail to pay, when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), (i) any interest on any Loan, any Collateral Agent Advance, or any fee, indemnity or other amount payable under this Agreement (other than any portion thereof constituting principal of the Loans) or any other Loan Document, and such failure continues for a period of three (3) Business Days or (ii) all or any portion of the principal of the Loans 
 96 

b. any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or by any officer of the foregoing under or in connection with any Loan Document or under or in connection with any certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant to any Loan Document shall have been incorrect in any material respect (or in any respect if such representation or warranty is qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof) when made or deemed made 
 c. any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in (i) Section 7.01(a), 7.01(b), Section 7.01(c), Section 7.01(d), Section 7.01(f), Section 7.01(h), Section 7.01(k), Section 7.01(m), Section 7.01(o), Section 7.01(r), Section 7.01(t), Section 7.02, Section 7.03 or Article VIII, or (ii) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in any Security Agreement to which it is a party or any Mortgage to which it is a party and such failure, in the case of this clause (c)(ii) shall remain unremedied for two (2) Business Days 
 d. any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document to be performed or observed by it and, except as set forth in subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 9.01, such failure, if capable of being remedied, shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of the date a senior officer of any Loan Party has knowledge of such failure and the date written notice of such default shall have been given by any Agent to such Loan Party 
 e. (i) Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) any principal, interest or other amount payable in respect of Indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement), which Indebtedness is in an aggregate amount at least equal to 500,000 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, under the Existing Second Lien Facility), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness, or any other default under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness, or any other event, shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness or any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof 
 f. Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries (i) shall institute any proceeding or voluntary case seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, (ii) shall be generally not paying its debts as such debts become due or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, (iii) shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iv) shall take any action to authorize or effect any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (f) 
 g. any proceeding shall be instituted against Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, and either such proceeding 
 97 

shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 30 days (or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, 60 days) or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against any such Person or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur 
 h. any material provision of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party intended to be a party thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Loan Party that is party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Loan Party or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Loan Party shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document 
 i. any Security Agreement, any Mortgage or any other security document, after delivery thereof pursuant hereto, shall for any reason fail or cease to create a valid and perfected and, except to the extent permitted by the terms hereof or thereof, first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on any Collateral purported to be covered thereby 
 j. one or more judgments, orders or awards (or any settlement of any litigation or other proceeding that, if breached, could result in a judgment, order or award) for the payment of money exceeding 500,000 in the aggregate (except to the extent fully covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has been notified and has not denied coverage) shall be rendered against Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries and remain unsatisfied and (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon any such judgment, order, award or settlement or (ii) there shall be a period of 10 consecutive days (or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, a period of 30 consecutive days) after entry thereof during which (A) a stay of enforcement thereof is not be in effect or (B) the same is not vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal 
 k. Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries is enjoined, restrained or in any way prevented by the order of any court or any Governmental Authority from conducting, or otherwise ceases to conduct for any reason whatsoever, all or any material part of its business for more than 15 days 
 l. any material damage to, or loss, theft or destruction of, any Collateral, whether or not insured, or any strike, lockout, labor dispute, embargo, condemnation, act of God or public enemy, or other casualty which causes, for more than 15 consecutive days, the cessation or substantial curtailment of revenue producing activities at any facility of any Loan Party, if any such event or circumstance could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 m. the loss, suspension or revocation of, or failure to renew, any license or permit now held or hereafter acquired by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, if such loss, suspension, revocation or failure to renew could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 n. the indictment, or the threatened indictment of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any senior officer thereof under any criminal statute, or commencement or threatened commencement of criminal or civil proceedings against Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any senior officer thereof, pursuant to which statute or proceedings the penalties 
 98 

or remedies sought or available include forfeiture to any Governmental Authority of any material portion of the property of Holdings or any such Subsidiary or any property that such senior officer holds in his or her capacity as an officer 
 o. (i) there shall occur one or more ERISA Events that individually or in the aggregate results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in excess of 500,000, or (ii) there exists any fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4068 of ERISA upon the property or rights to property of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates 
 p. (i) there shall occur and be continuing any Event of Default (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in the documents evidencing or governing the Existing Second Lien Facility (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Default or Event of Default thereunder that does not constitute a Default or Event of Default hereunder) or any other Subordinated Indebtedness, (ii) any of the Obligations for any reason shall cease to be Senior Indebtedness or Designated Senior Indebtedness (or any comparable terms) under, and as defined in the documents evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness, (iii) any Indebtedness other than the Obligations shall constitute Designated Senior Indebtedness (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, the documents evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness, (iv) any holder of Subordinated Indebtedness shall fail to perform or comply with any of the subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing such Subordinated Indebtedness, or (v) the subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable Subordinated Indebtedness or 
 q. a Change of Control shall have occurred 
 then, and in any such event, the Collateral Agent may, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, (i) terminate or reduce all Commitments, whereupon all Commitments shall immediately be so terminated or reduced, (ii) other than with respect to (A) the Event of Default under Section 9.01(a) occurring solely as a result of the failure to make the principal payments required pursuant to Sections 2.03(b)(w), (x) and (y), or (B) the Event of Default under Section 9.01(e) occurring solely as a result of the Loan Parties failure to pay the principal payments required under the Exitus Indebtedness (but, in the case of this clause (B), only for so long as the lenders under the Exitus Indebtedness have not accelerated or otherwise begun to exercise remedies with respect to such Exitus Indebtedness), declare all or any portion of the Loans then outstanding to be accelerated and due and payable, whereupon all or such portion of the aggregate principal of all Loans, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall become due and payable immediately, together with the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, with respect to the Commitments so terminated and the Loans so repaid, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Loan Party and (iii) exercise any and all of its other rights and remedies under applicable law, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents provided , however , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in subsection (f) or (g) of this Section 9.01 with respect to any Loan Party, without any notice to any Loan Party or any other Person or any act by any Agent or any Lender, all Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Loans then outstanding, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts due under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Applicable Premium, if any, shall be accelerated and become due and payable automatically and 
 99 

immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by each Loan Party. 
 Section 9.02 Cure Right . In the event that Holdings fails to comply with the requirements of the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.03(a) or 7.03(b), during the period from the date that is 60 days prior to and until the expiration of the 10th Business Days after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered with respect to the applicable fiscal quarter hereunder, Holdings shall have the right to (a) issue Permitted Cure Equity for cash or otherwise receive cash contributions to the capital of Holdings or (b) incur Additional Second Lien Indebtedness, and to have all of such cash contributions and Additional Second Lien Indebtedness deemed, for purposes of said Sections, to be both Revenue and EBITDA for such fiscal quarter (and for the avoidance of doubt, only for such fiscal quarter), including for purposes of calculating compliance with such Sections as of the last day of any subsequent fiscal quarter (the Cure Right provided that (i) such proceeds are actually received by Holdings during the period from the date that is 60 days prior to and until the expiration of the 10th Business Days after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered with respect to such fiscal quarter hereunder, (ii) the Cure Right shall not be exercised more than five (5) times during the term of the Loans, (iii) the Cure Right shall not be exercised in consecutive fiscal quarters, (iv) such proceeds shall be applied to prepay the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(c)(v) and (v) each such Permitted Cure Equity or Additional Second Lien Indebtedness shall be designated at the time of issuance or incurrence for application under the Cure Right pursuant to this Section 9.02. If, after giving effect to the treatment of such cash contributions or Additional Second Lien Indebtedness as Revenue and EBITDA, Holdings is in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Sections 7.03(a) and 7.03(b), Holdings shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of each such Section as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply on such date, and the applicable breach or default of such Section 7.03(a) and or Section 7.03(b) that had occurred shall be deemed cured for purposes of this Agreement. The parties hereby acknowledge that this Section may not be relied on for purposes of calculating any financial ratios other than as applicable to Sections 7.03(a) and 7.03(b). 
 ARTICLE X AGENTS 
 Section 10.01 Appointment . Each Lender (and each subsequent maker of any Loan by its making thereof) hereby irrevocably appoints, authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to perform the duties of each such Agent as set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, including (i) to receive on behalf of each Lender any payment of principal of or interest on the Loans outstanding hereunder and all other amounts accrued hereunder for the account of the Lenders and paid to such Agent, and, subject to Section 2.02 of this Agreement, to distribute promptly to each Lender its Pro Rata Share of all payments so received (ii) to distribute to each Lender copies of all material notices and agreements received by such Agent and not required to be delivered to each Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, provided that the Agents shall not have any liability to the Lenders for any Agent s inadvertent failure to distribute any such notices or agreements to the Lenders (iii) to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Obligations, the Loans, and related matters and to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Collateral and related matters (iv) to execute or file any and all financing or similar statements or notices, amendments, renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written 
 100 

agreements with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (v) to make the Loans and Collateral Agent Advances, for such Agent or on behalf of the applicable Lenders as provided in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (vi) to perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and remedies of the Lenders with respect to the Loan Parties, the Obligations, or otherwise related to any of same to the extent reasonably incidental to the exercise by such Agent of the rights and remedies specifically authorized to be exercised by such Agent by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (vii) to incur and pay such fees necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions and powers pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (viii) subject to Section 10.03, to take such action as such Agent deems appropriate on its behalf to administer the Loans and the Loan Documents and to exercise such other powers delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof or the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the power to give or to refuse to give notices, waivers, consents, approvals and instructions and the power to make or to refuse to make determinations and calculations) and (ix) to act with respect to all Collateral under the Loan Documents, including for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of the Loans), the Agents shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), and such instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) shall be binding upon all Lenders and all makers of Loans provided , however , the Agents shall not be required to take any action which, in the reasonable opinion of any Agent, exposes such Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law. 
 Section 10.02 Nature of Duties Delegation . (a) The Agents shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents. The duties of the Agents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. The Agents shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, express or implied, is intended to or shall be construed to impose upon the Agents any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document except as expressly set forth herein or therein. Each Lender shall make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Loan Parties in connection with the making and the continuance of the Loans hereunder and shall make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and the value of the Collateral without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties, and neither the Agents nor any of their Related Parties shall have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into their possession before the initial Loan hereunder or at any time or times thereafter, provided that, upon the reasonable request of a Lender, each Agent shall provide to such Lender any documents or reports delivered to such Agent by the Loan Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If any Agent seeks the consent or approval of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) to the taking or refraining from taking any action hereunder, such Agent shall send notice thereof to each Lender. Each Agent shall promptly notify each Lender any time that the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) have instructed such Agent to act or refrain from acting pursuant hereto. 
 101 

a. Each Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any of its Related Parties or any other trustee, co-agent or other Person (including any Lender). Any such Related Party, trustee, co-agent or other Person shall benefit from this Article X to the extent provided by the applicable Agent. 
 Section 10.03 Rights, Exculpation, Etc. The Agents and their Related Parties shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by them under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents (i) may treat the payee of any Loan as the owner thereof until the Collateral Agent receives written notice of the assignment or transfer thereof, pursuant to Section 12.07 hereof, signed by such payee and in form satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (ii) may consult with legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to any Agent or counsel to the Loan Parties), independent public accountants, and other experts selected by any of them and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by any of them in accordance with the advice of such counsel or experts (iii) make no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, certificates, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents on the part of any Person, the existence or possible existence of any Default or Event of Default, or to inspect the Collateral or other property (including, without limitation, the books and records) of any Person (v) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto and (vi) shall not be deemed to have made any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Agents be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. The Agents shall not be liable for any apportionment or distribution of payments made in good faith pursuant to Section 4.03, and if any such apportionment or distribution is subsequently determined to have been made in error, and the sole recourse of any Lender to whom payment was due but not made shall be to recover from other Lenders any payment in excess of the amount which they are determined to be entitled. The Agents may at any time request instructions from the Lenders with respect to any actions or approvals which by the terms of this Agreement or of any of the other Loan Documents the Agents are permitted or required to take or to grant, and if such instructions are promptly requested, the Agents shall be absolutely entitled to refrain from taking any action or to withhold any approval under any of the Loan Documents until they shall have received such instructions from the Required Lenders. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against any Agent as a result of such Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents). 
 Section 10.04 Reliance . Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notices, statements, certificates, orders or other documents or any telephone message believed by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person, and with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and its duties hereunder or thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it. 
 102 

Section 10.05 Indemnification . To the extent that any Agent or any Related Party of the foregoing is not reimbursed and indemnified by any Loan Party, and whether or not such Agent has made demand on any Loan Party for the same, the Lenders will, within five (5) days of written demand by such Agent, reimburse such Agent and such Related Parties for and indemnify such Agent and such Related Parties from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, client charges and expenses of counsel or any other advisor to such Agent and such Related Parties), advances or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent and the Related Parties in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent and such Related Parties under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, in proportion to each Lender s Pro Rata Share, including, without limitation, advances and disbursements made pursuant to Section 10.08 provided , however , that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, advances or disbursements for which there has been a final non-appealable judicial determination that such liability resulted from such Agent s or such Related Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.05 shall survive the payment in full of the Loans and the termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 10.06 Agents Individually . With respect to its Pro Rata Share of the Total Commitment hereunder and the Loans made by it, each Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or maker of a Loan. The terms Lenders or Required Lenders or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include each Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender or one of the Required Lenders. Each Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with the Borrower as if it were not acting as an Agent pursuant hereto without any duty to account to the other Lenders. 
 Section 10.07 Successor Agent . (a) Any Agent may at any time give at least 30 days prior written notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent. If no such successor Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent. Whether or not a successor Agent has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 a. With effect from the Resignation Effective Date, (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by such Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such retiring Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as a successor Agent shall have been appointed as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s Agent s appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. After the retiring Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of 
 103 

this Article, Section 12.04 and Section 12.15 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while the retiring Agent was acting as Agent. 
 Section 10.08 Collateral Matters . 
 a. The Collateral Agent may from time to time make such disbursements and advances Collateral Agent Advances which the Collateral Agent, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable to preserve, protect, prepare for sale or lease or dispose of the Collateral or any portion thereof, to enhance the likelihood or maximize the amount of repayment by the Borrower of the Loans and other Obligations or to pay any other amount chargeable to the Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, costs, fees and expenses as described in Section 10.18 and Section 12.04. The Collateral Agent Advances shall be repayable on demand and be secured by the Collateral and shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Reference Rate Loans. The Collateral Agent Advances shall constitute Obligations hereunder which may be charged to the Loan Account in accordance with Section 4.01. The Collateral Agent shall notify each Lender and the Borrower in writing of each such Collateral Agent Advance, which notice shall include a description of the purpose of such Collateral Agent Advance. Without limitation to its obligations pursuant to Section 10.05, each Lender agrees that it shall make available to the Collateral Agent, upon the Collateral Agent s demand, in Dollars in immediately available funds, the amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of each such Collateral Agent Advance. If such funds are not made available to the Collateral Agent by such Lender, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to recover such funds on demand from such Lender, together with interest thereon for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Collateral Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for three (3) Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate. 
 b. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Collateral Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien granted to or held by the Collateral Agent upon any Collateral upon termination of the Total Commitment and payment and satisfaction of all Loans and all other Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) in accordance with the terms hereof or constituting property being sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of any Loan Party s business or otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or constituting property in which the Loan Parties owned no interest at the time the Lien was granted or at any time thereafter or if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Lenders in accordance with Section 12.02. Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 10.08(b). 
 c. Without in any manner limiting the Collateral Agent s authority to act without any specific or further authorization or consent by the Lenders (as set forth in Section 10.08(b)), each Lender agrees to confirm in writing, upon request by the Collateral Agent, the authority to release Collateral conferred upon the Collateral Agent under Section 10.08(b). Upon receipt by the Collateral Agent of confirmation from the Lenders of its authority to release any particular item or types of Collateral, and upon prior written request by any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders upon such Collateral provided , however , that (i) the Collateral Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Collateral Agent s opinion, would expose the Collateral Agent to liability or create any obligations or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Obligations 
 104 

or any Lien upon (or obligations of any Loan Party in respect of) all interests in the Collateral retained by any Loan Party. 
 d. Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Loan Parties, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that (i) no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral under any Loan Document or to enforce any Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with the terms thereof, (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and (iii) the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Agents and the Lenders (but not any other Agent or any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral to be sold (A) at any public or private sale, (B) at any sale conducted by the Collateral Agent under the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the Uniform Commercial Code), (C) at any sale or foreclosure conducted by the Collateral Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with applicable law or (D) any sale conducted pursuant to the provisions of any Debtor Relief Law (including Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code), to use and apply all or any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale. 
 e. The Collateral Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any Lender to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by the Loan Parties or is cared for, protected or insured or has been encumbered or that the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document has been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected or enforced or is entitled to any particular priority, or to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to the Collateral Agent in this Section 10.08 or in any other Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission or event related thereto, the Collateral Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion, given the Collateral Agent s own interest in the Collateral as one of the Lenders and that the Collateral Agent shall have no duty or liability whatsoever to any other Lender, except as otherwise provided herein. 
 Section 10.09 Agency for Perfection . Each Agent and each Lender hereby appoints each other Agent and each other Lender as agent and bailee for the purpose of perfecting the security interests in and liens upon the Collateral in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, can be perfected only by possession or control (or where the security interest of a secured party with possession or control has priority over the security interest of another secured party) and each Agent and each Lender hereby acknowledges that it holds possession of or otherwise controls any such Collateral for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders as secured party. Should the Administrative Agent or any Lender obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or in accordance with the Collateral Agent s instructions. In addition, the Collateral Agent shall also have the power and authority hereunder to appoint such other sub-agents as may be necessary or required under applicable state law or otherwise to perform its duties and enforce its rights with respect to the Collateral and under the Loan Documents. Each Loan Party by its execution and delivery of this Agreement hereby consents to the foregoing. 
 105 

Section 10.10 No Reliance on any Agent s Customer Identification Program . Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on any Agent to carry out such Lender s, Affiliate s, participant s or assignee s customer identification program, or other requirements imposed by the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations issued thereunder, including the regulations set forth in 31 C.F.R. 1010.100(yy), (iii), 1020.100, and 1020.220 (formerly 31 C.F.R. 103.121), as hereafter amended or replaced CIP Regulations ), or any other Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of the Loan Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Loan Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby (1) any identity verification procedures, (2) any recordkeeping, (3) comparisons with government lists, (4) customer notices or (5) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or other regulations issued under the USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender, Affiliate, participant or assignee subject to Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act will perform the measures necessary to satisfy its own responsibilities under the CIP Regulations. 
 Section 10.11 No Third Party Beneficiaries . The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 
 Section 10.12 No Fiduciary Relationship . It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Document (or any other similar term) with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 Section 10.13 Reports Confidentiality Disclaimers . By becoming a party to this Agreement, each Lender 
 a. is deemed to have requested that each Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after it becomes available, a copy of each field audit or examination report with respect to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a Report prepared by or at the request of such Agent, and each Agent shall so furnish each Lender with each such Report, 
 b. expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Agents (i) do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any Reports, and (ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Reports, 
 c. expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that any Agent or other party performing any audit or examination will inspect only specific information regarding Holdings and its Subsidiaries and will rely significantly upon Holdings and its Subsidiaries books and records, as well as on representations of their personnel, 
 d. agrees to keep all Reports and other material, non-public information regarding Holdings and its Subsidiaries and their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans in a confidential manner in accordance with Section 12.19, and 
 e. without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees (i) to hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or fail to take or any conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any 
 106 

loans or other credit accommodations that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrower, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a loan or loans of the Borrower, and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend and hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including, attorneys fees and costs) incurred by any such Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 
 Section 10.14 Collateral Custodian. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default, the Collateral Agent or its designee may at any time and from time to time employ and maintain on the premises of any Loan Party a custodian selected by the Collateral Agent or its designee who shall have full authority to do all acts necessary to protect the Agents and the Lenders interests. Each Loan Party hereby agrees to, and to cause its Subsidiaries to, cooperate with any such custodian and to do whatever the Collateral Agent or its designee may reasonably request to preserve the Collateral. All costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent or its designee by reason of the employment of the custodian shall be the responsibility of the Borrower and charged to the Loan Account. 
 Section 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement . Each Lender hereby grants to the Collateral Agent all requisite authority to enter into or otherwise become bound by, and to perform its obligations and exercise its rights and remedies under and in accordance with the terms of, the Intercreditor Agreement and to bind the Lenders thereto by the Collateral Agent s entering into or otherwise becoming bound thereby, and no further consent or approval on the part of any Lender is or will be required in connection with the performance by the Collateral Agent of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Section 10.16 Collateral Agent May File Proofs of Claim 
 a. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether any Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 b. to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Secured Parties (including any claim for the compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Secured Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 c. to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Secured Party to make such payments to the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Collateral Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Secured Parties, to pay to the Collateral Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 
 107 

Section 10.17 Erroneous Distribution . If all or any part of any payment or other distribution by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, Lender, or other Person is determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion to have been made in error as determined by the Administrative Agent (any such distribution, an Erroneous Distribution ), then the Borrower, Lender, or other Person shall forthwith on written demand (accompanied by a reasonably detailed calculation of such Erroneous Distribution) repay to the Administrative Agent the amount of such Erroneous Distribution received by such Person. Any determination by the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, that all or a portion of any distribution to the Borrower, a Lender, or other Person was an Erroneous Distribution shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Borrower, Lender, and other potential recipient of an Erroneous Distribution hereunder waives any claim of discharge for value and any other claim of entitlement to, or in respect of, any Erroneous Distribution. 
 ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 
 Section 11.01 Guaranty . Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally and unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, whether for principal, interest (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding of the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such Insolvency Proceeding) fees, commissions, expense reimbursements, indemnifications or otherwise (such obligations, to the extent not paid by the Borrower, being the Guaranteed Obligations ), and agrees to pay any and all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the Secured Parties in enforcing any rights under the guaranty set forth in this Article XI. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor s liability shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by the Borrower to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of an Insolvency Proceeding involving the Borrower. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Guaranteed Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations. In no event shall the obligation of any Guarantor hereunder exceed the maximum amount such Guarantor could guarantee under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 Section 11.02 Guaranty Absolute. Each Guarantor jointly and severally guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto. Each Guarantor agrees that this Article XI constitutes a guaranty of payment when due and not of collection and waives any right to require that any resort be made by any Agent or any Lender to any Collateral. The obligations of each Guarantor under this Article XI are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce such obligations, irrespective of whether any action is brought against any Loan Party or whether any Loan Party is joined in any such action or actions. The liability of each Guarantor under this Article XI shall be irrevocable, absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now or hereafter have in any way relating to, any or all of the following 
 a. any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto 
 108 

b. any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any increase in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or otherwise 
 c. any taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations 
 d. the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Guarantor may have at any time against any Person, including, without limitation, any Secured Party 
 e. any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate, limited liability company or partnership structure or existence of any Loan Party or 
 f. any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation by the Secured Parties that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party or any other guarantor or surety. 
 This Article XI shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Secured Parties or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 
 Section 11.03 Waiver . Each Guarantor hereby waives (i) promptness and diligence, (ii) notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Article XI and any requirement that the Secured Parties exhaust any right or take any action against any Loan Party or any other Person or any Collateral, (iii) any right to compel or direct any Secured Party to seek payment or recovery of any amounts owed under this Article XI from any one particular fund or source or to exhaust any right or take any action against any other Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, (iv) any requirement that any Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right to take any action against any Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, and (v) any other defense available to any Guarantor. Each Guarantor agrees that the Secured Parties shall have no obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Guarantor or against, or in payment of, any or all of the Obligations. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated herein and that the waiver set forth in this Section 11.03 is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. Each Guarantor hereby waives any right to revoke this Article XI, and acknowledges that this Article XI is continuing in nature and applies to all Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future. 
 Section 11.04 Continuing Guaranty Assignments . This Article XI is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the later of the cash payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI and the Final Maturity Date, (b) be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Secured Parties and their successors, pledgees, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any Lender may pledge, assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any 
 109 

portion of its Commitments, its Loans owing to it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted such Lender herein or otherwise, in each case as provided in Section 12.07. 
 Section 11.05 Subrogation . No Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Loan Party or any other guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor s obligations under this Article XI, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Secured Parties against any Loan Party or any other guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Loan Party or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI shall have been paid in full in cash and the Final Maturity Date shall have occurred. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the later of the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI and the Final Maturity Date, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XI, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Guaranteed Obligations or other amounts payable under this Article XI thereafter arising. If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to the Secured Parties of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XI shall be paid in full in cash and (iii) the Final Maturity Date shall have occurred, the Secured Parties will, at such Guarantor s request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from such payment by such Guarantor. 
 Section 11.06 Contribution . All Guarantors desire to allocate among themselves, in a fair and equitable manner, their obligations arising under this Article XI. Accordingly, in the event any payment or distribution is made on any date by a Guarantor under this Article XI such that its Aggregate Payments exceeds its Fair Share as of such date, such Guarantor shall be entitled to a contribution from each of the other Guarantors in an amount sufficient to cause each Guarantor s Aggregate Payments to equal its Fair Share as of such date. Fair Share means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the ratio of (i) the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to such Guarantor, to (ii) the aggregate of the Fair Share Contribution Amounts with respect to all Guarantors multiplied by, (b) the aggregate amount paid or distributed on or before such date by all Guarantors under this Article XI in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. Fair Share Contribution Amount means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, the maximum aggregate amount of the obligations of such Guarantor under this Article XI that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any comparable applicable provisions of state law provided , solely for purposes of calculating the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to any Guarantor for purposes of this Section 11.06, any assets or liabilities of such Guarantor arising by virtue of any rights to subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification or any rights to or obligations of contribution hereunder shall not be considered as assets or liabilities of such Guarantor. Aggregate Payments means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (A) the aggregate amount of all payments and distributions 
 110 

made on or before such date by such Guarantor in respect of this Article XI(including, without limitation, in respect of this Section 11.06), minus (B) the aggregate amount of all payments received on or before such date by such Guarantor from the other Guarantors as contributions under this Section 11.06. The amounts payable as contributions hereunder shall be determined as of the date on which the related payment or distribution is made by the applicable Guarantor. The allocation among Guarantors of their obligations as set forth in this Section 11.06 shall not be construed in any way to limit the liability of any Guarantor hereunder. Each Guarantor is a third party beneficiary to the contribution agreement set forth in this Section 11.06. 
 ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 12.01 Notices, Etc. 
 a. Notices Generally . All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, or telecopier. In the case of notices or other communications to any Loan Party, Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below (or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section 12.01) 
 AgileThought, Inc. 
 222 Urban Towers 
 Suite 1650 E 
 Irving, TX 75039 Attention Chief Financial Officer Telephone 1(877)5149180 Email amit.singh agilethought.com 

with a copy to 
 Mayer Brown LLP 
 1221 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, New York 10020-1001 Attention David Duffee Juan Pablo Moreno P. Telephone (212) 506-2630 506-2443 
 Email DDuffee mayerbrown.com JMoreno mayerbrown.com 
 
 AgileThought, Inc. 222 Urban Towers 
 Suite 1650 E 
 Irving, TX 75039 Attention Chief Legal Officer Telephone 1(877)5149180 Email diana.abril agilethought.com 

111 

if to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to it at the following address 
 Blue Torch Finance LLC c o Blue Torch Capital LP 150 East 58 th Street, 18 th Floor New York, New York 10155 Email BlueTorchAgency alterdomus.com 
 with a copy to 
 SEI Blue Torch Capital Loan Ops 
 1 Freedom Valley Drive 
 Oaks, Pennsylvania 19456 
 Telecopier (469) 709-1839 
 Email bluetorch.loanops seic.com 
 
 in each case, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to 
 Ropes & Gray LLP 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Attention Leonard Klingbaum and Nell Ethridge 
 Telephone 212-596-9747 Email leonard.klingbaum ropesgray.com nell.ethridge ropesgray.com 
 Telecopier 646-728-2694 
 
 All notices or other communications sent in accordance with this Section 12.01, shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or three (3) Business Days after the deposit thereof in the mail provided , that (i) notices sent by overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received and (ii) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient), provided , further that notices to any Agent pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until received by such Agent. 
 b. Electronic Communications . 
 i. Each Agent and the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Agents, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Agents that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. 
 ii. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s 
 112 

receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (B) notices or communications posted to an internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (A), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (A) and (B) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 Section 12.02 Amendments, Etc . No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (excluding the Fee Letter), and no consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed (a) in the case of an amendment, consent or waiver to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or granting a new Lien for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders or extending an existing Lien over additional property, by the Agents and the Borrower, (b) in the case of any other waiver or consent, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (c) in the case of any other amendment, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 i. increase the Commitment of any Lender, reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Loans payable to any Lender, reduce the amount of any fee payable for the account of any Lender, or postpone or extend any scheduled date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest or fees on, the Loans payable to any Lender, in each case, without the written consent of such Lender 
 ii. increase the Total Commitment without the written consent of each Lender 
 iii. change the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans that is required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder without the written consent of each Lender 
 iv. amend the definition of Required Lenders or Pro Rata Share without the written consent of each Lender 
 v. release all or a substantial portion of the Collateral (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), subordinate any Lien granted in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, or release the Borrower or any Guarantor (except in connection with a Disposition of the Equity Interests thereof permitted by Section 7.02(c)(ii)), in each case, without the written consent of each Lender provided , that the Required Lenders may elect to release all or a substantial portion of the Collateral without the requirement to obtain the written consent of each Lender if such release is in connection with (x) an exercise of remedies by the Collateral Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders pursuant to Section 9.01 or (y) any Disposition of all or a substantial portion of the Collateral by one or more of the Loan Parties with the consent of the Required Lenders after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default so long as such Disposition is conducted in a commercially reasonable manner as if such Disposition were a disposition of collateral by a secured creditor in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or 
 113 

vi. amend, modify or waive Section 4.02, Section 4.03 or this Section 12.02 of this Agreement without the written consent of each Lender. 
 b. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 12.02(a) 
 i. no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Agent, affect the rights or duties of such Agent (but not in its capacity as a Lender) under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents 
 ii. any amendment, waiver or consent to any provision of this Agreement (including Sections 4.01 and 4.02) that permits any Loan Party, any Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of Holdings) or any of their respective Affiliates to purchase Loans on a non-pro rata basis, become an eligible assignee pursuant to Section 12.07 and or make offers to make optional prepayments on a non-pro rata basis shall require the prior written consent of the Required Lenders rather than the prior written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby 
 iii. any Control Agreement, Guaranty, Mortgage, Security Agreement, collateral access agreement, landlord waiver or other agreement or document purporting to create or perfect a security interest in any of the Collateral (a Collateral Document may be amended, waived or otherwise modified with the consent of the applicable Agent and the applicable Loan Party without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender or any other Person if such amendment, modification, supplement or waiver is delivered in order (A) to comply with local Requirements of Law (including foreign law or regulatory requirements) or advice of local counsel, (B) to cure any ambiguity, inconsistency, omission, mistake or defect or (C) to cause such Collateral Document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an ambiguity, inconsistency, omission, mistake or defect, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document (other than a Collateral Document), then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision any amendment, waiver or modification pursuant to this paragraph shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof 
 iv. no consent of any Loan Party shall be required to change any order of priority set forth in Section 2.06(d) and Section 4.03 
 v. the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may enter into an amendment to this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.08(g) to reflect an alternate service or index rate and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable and 
 vi. no Defaulting Lender, Loan Party, Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of Holdings) or any of their respective Affiliates that is a Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent under the Loan Documents and any Loans held by such Person for purposes hereof shall be automatically deemed to be voted pro rata according to the Loans of all other Lenders in the aggregate (other than such Defaulting Lender, Loan Party, Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of Holdings) or Affiliate). 
 c. If any action to be taken by the Lenders hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all of the Lenders or any Lender affected thereby, and a Lender other than the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates and Related Funds (the Holdout Lender fails to give its consent, authorization, or agreement, then the Collateral Agent, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior irrevocable notice to the Holdout 
 114 

Lender, may permanently replace the Holdout Lender with one or more substitute lenders (each, a Replacement Lender ), and the Holdout Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder. Such notice to replace the Holdout Lender shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given. Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender and each Replacement Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Holdout Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever. If the Holdout Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Holdout Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07. Until such time as the Replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and obligations of the Holdout Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Holdout Lender shall remain obligated to make its Pro Rata Share of Loans. 
 Section 12.03 No Waiver Remedies, Etc . No failure on the part of any Agent or any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right under any Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies of the Agents and the Lenders provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law. The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under any Loan Document against any party thereto are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by the Agents and the Lenders to exercise any of their rights under any other Loan Document against such party or against any other Person. 
 Section 12.04 Expenses Taxes Attorneys Fees . The Borrower will pay on demand, all costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of each Agent (and, in the case of clauses (b) through (m) below, each Lender), regardless of whether the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, including, without limitation, reasonable fees, costs, client charges and expenses of counsel for each Agent (and, in the case of clauses (b) through (m) below, each Lender), accounting, due diligence, periodic field audits, physical counts, valuations, investigations, searches and filings, monitoring of assets, appraisals of Collateral, the rating of the Loans, title searches and reviewing environmental assessments, miscellaneous disbursements, examination, travel, lodging and meals, arising from or relating to (a) the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the preparation of any additional Loan Documents pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or the review of any of the agreements, instruments and documents referred to in Section 7.01(f)), (b) any requested amendments, waivers or consents to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents whether or not such documents become effective or are given, (c) the preservation and protection of the Agents or any of the Lenders rights under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (d) the defense of any claim or action asserted or brought against any Agent or any Lender by any Person that arises from or relates to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Agents or the Lenders claims against any Loan Party, or any and all matters in connection therewith, (e) the commencement or defense of, or intervention in, any court proceeding arising from or related to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (f) the filing of any petition, complaint, answer, motion or other pleading by any Agent or any Lender, or the taking of any action in respect of the Collateral or other security, in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (g) the protection, collection, lease, sale, taking possession of or liquidation of, any Collateral or other security in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (h) any attempt to enforce any Lien or security interest in any Collateral or other security in connection with this Agreement or any 
 115 

other Loan Document, (i) any attempt to collect from any Loan Party, (j) any Environmental Claim, Environmental Liability or Remedial Action arising from or in connection with the past, present or future operations of, or any property currently, formerly or in the future owned, leased or operated by, any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor in interest, (k) any Environmental Lien, (l) the rating of the Loans by one or more rating agencies in connection with any Lender s Securitization, or (m) the receipt by any Agent or any Lender of any advice from professionals with respect to any of the foregoing. Without limitation of the foregoing or any other provision of any Loan Document (x) the Borrower agrees to pay all broker fees that may become due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (y) if the Borrower fail to perform any covenant or agreement contained herein or in any other Loan Document, any Agent may itself perform or cause performance of such covenant or agreement, and the expenses of such Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be reimbursed on demand by the Borrower. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 12.04 shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and discharge of any Liens granted under the Loan Documents. 
 Section 12.05 Right of Set-off . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any Agent or any Lender may, and is hereby authorized to, at any time and from time to time, without notice to any Loan Party (any such notice being expressly waived by the Loan Parties) and to the fullest extent permitted by law, set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other Indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all obligations of the Loan Parties either now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of set-off, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.04 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of set-off. Each Agent and each Lender agrees to notify such Loan Party promptly after any such set-off and application made by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under this Section 12.05 are in addition to the other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) which the Agents and the Lenders may have under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents of law or otherwise. 
 Section 12.06 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 12.07 Assignments and Participations . 
 a. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party and each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns provided , however , that none of the Loan Parties may assign or transfer any of its rights hereunder or under the other Loan Documents without the prior written consent of each Lender and any such assignment without the Lenders prior written consent shall be null and void. 
 116 

b. Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (c) below, each Lender may assign to one or more other lenders or other entities all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to 
 i. all or a portion of its Term Loan Commitment and any Term Loan made by it with the written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) and each Agent, and 
 ii. all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment and the Revolving Loans made by it with the written consent the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) and each Agent 
 provided , however , that no written consent of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent shall be required (A) in connection with any assignment by a Lender to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender or (B) if such assignment is in connection with any merger, consolidation, sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or any substantial portion of the business or loan portfolio of such Lender provided further, that under this Section 12.07(b), the consent of the Borrower shall not be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 c. Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 i. Each such assignment shall be in an amount which is at least 5,000,000 or a multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or the remainder of such Lender s Commitment) (except such minimum amount shall not apply to an assignment by a Lender to (A) a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender or (B) a group of new Lenders, each of whom is an Affiliate or Related Fund of each other to the extent the aggregate amount to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least 5,000,000 or a multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof) 
 ii. The parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for its acceptance, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with any promissory note subject to such assignment and such parties shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, a processing and recordation fee of 5,000 (except the payment of such fee shall not be required in connection with an assignment by a Lender to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender) and all documentation and other information that such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering or terrorist financing rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and 
 iii. No such assignment shall be made to (A) any Loan Party, any Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of Holdings) or any of their respective Affiliates or (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B). 
 d. Upon such execution, delivery and acceptance, from and after the recordation date of each Assignment and Acceptance on the Register, , (A) the assignee thereunder shall become a Lender hereunder and, in addition to the rights and obligations hereunder held by it immediately prior to such effective date, have the rights and obligations hereunder that have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance and (B) the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance 
 117 

covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto). 
 e. By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto (ii) the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the performance or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other documents and information it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon the assigning Lender, any Agent or any Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (v) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Agents to take such action as agents on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Agents by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental hereto and thereto and (vi) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 f. The Administrative Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain, or cause to be maintained at one of its offices, a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitments of, and the principal amount of the Loans (and stated interest thereon)owing to each Lender from time to time. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior written notice. 
 g. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a completed Assignment and Acceptance, and subject to any consent required from the Borrower, Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 12.07(b) (which consent of the applicable Agent and Borrower must be evidenced by such Agent s or Borrower s execution of an acceptance to such Assignment and Acceptance), the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment, record the information contained therein in the Register (as adjusted to reflect any principal payments on or amounts capitalized and added to the principal balance of the Loans and or Commitment reductions made subsequent to the effective date of the applicable assignment, as confirmed in writing by the corresponding assignor and assignee in conjunction with delivery of the assignment to the Administrative Agent) and provide to the Collateral Agent a copy of the fully executed Assignment and Acceptance. 
 h. A Loan (and the note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each note shall expressly so provide). Any assignment or sale of all or part of a Loan (and the note, if 
 118 

any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register or the Register, together with the surrender of the note, if any, evidencing the same duly endorsed by (or accompanied by a written instrument of assignment or sale duly executed by) the holder of such note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s), one or more new notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s). 
 i. If any Lender sells participations in a Loan, such Lender shall, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of the Borrower, maintain, or cause to be maintained, a register, on which it enters the name of all participants in the Loans held by it and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of the Loan that is the subject of the participation (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under the Code or Treasury Regulations, including without limitation, Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. A Loan (and the note, if any, evidencing the same) may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation on the Participant Register (and each note shall expressly so provide). Any participation of such Loan (and the note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register. The Participant Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 j. Any Person who purchases or is assigned or participates in any portion of such Loan shall comply with Section 2.10(d). 
 k. Each Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans made by it) provided , that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement (including without limitation, its Commitments hereunder) and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and the Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (iii) a participant shall not be entitled to require such Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder except (A) action directly effecting an extension of the maturity dates or decrease in the principal amount of the Loans, (B) action directly effecting an extension of the due dates or a decrease in the rate of interest payable on the Loans or the fees payable under this Agreement, or (C) actions directly effecting a release of all or a substantial portion of the Collateral or any Loan Party (except as set forth in Section 10.08 of this Agreement or any other Loan Document). The Loan Parties agree that each participant shall be entitled to the benefit of Section 2.10 and Section 2.11 of this Agreement with respect to its participation in any portion of the Commitments and the Loans as if it were a Lender provided that a participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.10 or Section 2.11 with respect to its participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the participant acquired the applicable participation. 
 l. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including 
 119 

any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or loans made to, or other indebtedness issued by, such Lender pursuant to a securitization transaction (including any structured warehouse credit facility, collateralized loan obligation transaction or similar facility or transaction, and including any further securitization of the indebtedness or equity issued under such a transaction) (a Securitization provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. The Loan Parties shall cooperate with such Lender and its Affiliates to effect a Securitization, including, without limitation, by providing such information as may be reasonably requested by such Lender in connection with the rating of its Loans or any Securitization. 
 Section 12.08 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement. The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document mutatis mutandis . 
 Section 12.09 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 Section 12.10 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE. 
 a. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS AND IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY ANY MEANS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO THE BORROWER AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.01, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 10 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. THE LOAN PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND 
 120 

IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE JURISDICTION OR LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY LOAN PARTY HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. 
 b. Each Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against any Agent, any Lender or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof. 
 Section 12.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, ETC . EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM CONCERNING ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR UNDER ANY AMENDMENT, WAIVER, CONSENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR OTHER AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH IN THE FUTURE MAY BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR ARISING FROM ANY FINANCING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION, PROCEEDINGS OR COUNTERCLAIM SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. EACH LOAN PARTY CERTIFIES THAT NO OFFICER, REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS. EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 Section 12.12 Consent by the Agents and Lenders . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein to the contrary or in any other Loan Document, if the consent, approval, satisfaction, determination, judgment, acceptance or similar action (an Action of any Agent or any Lender shall be permitted or required pursuant to any provision hereof or any provision of any other agreement to which any Loan Party is a party and to which any Agent or any Lender has succeeded thereto, such Action shall be required to be in writing and may be withheld or denied by such Agent or such Lender, in its sole discretion, with or without any reason, and without being subject to question or challenge on the grounds that such Action was not taken in good faith. 
 Section 12.13 No Party Deemed Drafter . Each of the parties hereto agrees that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement. 
 Section 12.14 Reinstatement Certain Payments . If any claim is ever made upon any Secured Party for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received by such 
 121 

Secured Party in payment or on account of any of the Obligations, such Secured Party shall give prompt notice of such claim to each other Agent and Lender and the Borrower, and if such Secured Party repays all or part of such amount by reason of (i) any judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative body having jurisdiction over such Secured Party or any of its property, or (ii) any good faith settlement or compromise of any such claim effected by such Secured Party with any such claimant, then and in such event each Loan Party agrees that (A) any such judgment, decree, order, settlement or compromise shall be binding upon it notwithstanding the cancellation of any Indebtedness hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or the termination of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and (B) it shall be and remain liable to such Secured Party hereunder for the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never originally been received by such Secured Party. 
 Section 12.15 Indemnification Limitation of Liability for Certain Damages. 
 a. In addition to each Loan Party s other Obligations under this Agreement, each Loan Party agrees to, jointly and severally, defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless each Secured Party and all of their respective Related Parties (collectively called the Indemnitees from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fees, reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses) incurred by such Indemnitees, whether prior to or from and after the Effective Date, whether direct, indirect or consequential, as a result of or arising from or relating to or in connection with any of the following (i) the negotiation, preparation, execution or performance or enforcement of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, of any Environmental Claim or any other document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) any Agent s or any Lender s furnishing of funds to the Borrower under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the management of any such Loans or the Borrower s use of the proceeds thereof, (iii) the Agents and the Lenders relying on any instructions of the Borrower or the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of the Borrower as herein provided, (iv) any matter relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or by any document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or (v) any claim, including any Environmental litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to or arising out of any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto (collectively, the Indemnified Matters provided, however, that the Loan Parties shall not have any obligation to any Indemnitee under this subsection (a) for any Indemnified Matter caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 b. The indemnification for all of the foregoing losses, damages, fees, costs and expenses of the Indemnitees set forth in this Section 12.15 are chargeable against the Loan Account. To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, pay and hold harmless set forth in this Section 12.15 may be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public policy, each Loan Party shall, jointly and severally, contribute the maximum portion which it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law, to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Matters incurred by the Indemnitees. 
 c. No Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Indemnitees, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by any applicable legal requirement) arising out of, in connection with, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof or any 
 122 

act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, and each Loan Party hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue upon any such claim or seek any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. 
 d. The indemnities and waivers set forth in this Section 12.15 shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and discharge of any Liens granted under the Loan Documents. 
 e. Section 12.15 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 Section 12.16 Records . The unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans, the interest rate or rates applicable to such unpaid principal and interest, the duration of such applicability, the Commitments, and the accrued and unpaid fees payable pursuant to Section 2.07 hereof, shall at all times be ascertained from the records of the Agents, which shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 
 Section 12.17 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender and when the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.01 hereof have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Agents, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender, and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Loan Parties shall not have the right to assign their rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of each Agent and each Lender, and any assignment by any Lender shall be governed by Section 12.07 hereof. 
 Section 12.18 Highest Lawful Rate . It is the intention of the parties hereto that each Agent and each Lender shall conform strictly to usury laws applicable to it. Accordingly, if the transactions contemplated hereby or by any other Loan Document would be usurious as to any Agent or any Lender under laws applicable to it (including the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York or any other jurisdiction whose laws may be mandatorily applicable to such Agent or such Lender notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement), then, in that event, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement entered into in connection with or as security for the Obligations, it is agreed as follows (i) the aggregate of all consideration which constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender that is contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received by such Agent or such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or agreements or otherwise in connection with the Obligations shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, any excess shall be canceled automatically and if theretofore paid shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, to the Borrower) and (ii) in the event that the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated by reason of any Event of Default under this Agreement or otherwise, or in the event of any required or permitted prepayment, then such consideration that constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender may never include more than the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, and excess interest, if any, provided for in this Agreement or otherwise shall, subject to the last sentence of this Section 12.18, be canceled automatically by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, as of the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or such Lender to the Borrower). All sums paid or agreed to be paid to any Agent or any Lender for the use, forbearance or detention of sums due hereunder shall, to the extent permitted by law 
 123 

applicable to such Agent or such Lender, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full term of the Loans until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of any Loans hereunder does not exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law. If at any time and from time to time (x) the amount of interest payable to any Agent or any Lender on any date shall be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender pursuant to this Section 12.18 and (y) in respect of any subsequent interest computation period the amount of interest otherwise payable to such Agent or such Lender would be less than the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender, then the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender in respect of such subsequent interest computation period shall continue to be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender until the total amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender shall equal the total amount of interest which would have been payable to such Agent or such Lender if the total amount of interest had been computed without giving effect to this Section 12.18. 
 For purposes of this Section 12.18, the term applicable law shall mean that law in effect from time to time and applicable to the loan transaction between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Lenders, on the other, that lawfully permits the charging and collection of the highest permissible, lawful non-usurious rate of interest on such loan transaction and this Agreement, including laws of the State of New York and, to the extent controlling, laws of the United States of America. 
 The right to accelerate the maturity of the Obligations does not include the right to accelerate any interest that has not accrued as of the date of acceleration. 
 Section 12.19 Confidentiality . Each Agent and each Lender agrees (on behalf of itself and its Related Parties) to use reasonable precautions to keep confidential, in accordance with its customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature and in accordance with safe and sound practices of comparable commercial finance companies, any non-public information supplied to it by the Loan Parties pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents which is identified in writing by the Loan Parties as being confidential at the time the same is delivered to such Person (and which at the time is not, and does not thereafter become, publicly available or available to such Person from another source not known to be subject to a confidentiality obligation to such Person not to disclose such information), provided that nothing herein shall limit the disclosure by any Agent or any Lender of any such information (i) to its Affiliates, its Related Parties or the Related Parties of any Person described in clause (ii) or (iii) below) (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made either will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential in accordance with this Section 12.19 or is subject to other customary confidentiality obligations) (ii) to any other party hereto (iii) to any assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) or any party to a Securitization, so long as such assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) or party to a Securitization agrees, in writing, to be bound by or is otherwise subject to customary confidentiality obligations (including, without limitation, confidentiality provisions similar in substance to this Section 12.19) (iv) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or judicial process or as otherwise requested by any Governmental Authority (v) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization, any examiner, auditor or accountant or any nationally recognized rating agency (vi) in connection with any litigation to which any Agent or any Lender is a party (vii) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder (viii) to any other Person if such information is general portfolio information that does not identity the Loan Parties, or (ix) with the consent of the Borrower. In addition, the Agents and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this 
 124 

Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. 
 Section 12.20 Public Disclosure . Each Loan Party agrees that neither it nor any of its Affiliates will now or in the future issue any press release or other public disclosure using the name of an Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of such Agent or such Lender, except to the extent that such Loan Party or such Affiliate is required to do so under applicable law (in which event, such Loan Party or such Affiliate will consult with such Agent or such Lender before issuing such press release or other public disclosure). Each Loan Party hereby authorizes each Agent and each Lender, after consultation with the Borrower, to advertise the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangements entered into among the parties hereto, as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate, including, without limitation, on a home page or similar place for dissemination of information on the Internet or worldwide web, or in announcements commonly known as tombstones, in such trade publications, business journals, newspapers of general circulation and to such selected parties as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate. 
 Section 12.21 Integration . This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof. 
 Section 12.22 USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the entities composing the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of each such entity and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the entities composing the Borrower in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. Each Loan Party agrees to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver at its sole cost and expense, such instruments and documents as any Lender may reasonably require from time to time in order to enable such Lender to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 125 

ANNEX B 
 Material Contracts 

</EX-10.32 4>

<EX-10.32 5>
 12
 ex10325btsupplementalagree.htm
 EX-10.32 5

Document 
 Exhibit 10.32.5 

 AN GLOBAL LLC 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd, Suite 1650E 
 Irving, Texas 75039 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 Blue Torch Finance LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent under the Financing Agreement referenced below 
 150 East 58 th Street, 39 th Floor 
 New York, New York 10155 
 Re Amendment No. 4 - Supplemental Agreement 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to that certain Amendment No. 4 to Financing Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2023 (the Amendment ), and that certain Waiver to Financing Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2023, which amends, and, as applicable, waives certain provisions of, that certain Financing Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including pursuant to the Amendment, the Financing Agreement ), by and among AgileThought, Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), AN Global LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), each subsidiary of Holdings listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto (each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors ), the lenders from time to time party thereto (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), Blue Torch Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Blue Torch ), as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), and Blue Torch, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and together with the Collateral Agent, each an Agent and collectively, the Agents ). Capitalized terms used herein but not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Financing Agreement. 
 
 The Loan Parties have requested that the Agents and the Lenders modify certain terms of the Amendment and, consequently, the Financing Agreement. Pursuant to this letter agreement (this Letter Agreement ), the Agents and the Lenders party hereto (constituting the Required Lenders) are willing to modify such terms of the Amendment and, consequently, the Financing Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth herein in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged. 
 
 Subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement, and in reliance upon the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained herein, the Agents and Lenders signatory hereto (constituting the Required Lenders) hereby agree to the modifications (collectively, the Modifications such that, after giving effect to this Letter Agreement, the Financing Agreement shall be effective in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 
 Each Loan Party hereby reaffirms the terms and conditions of the Financing Agreement and the Amendment (each, as modified by the Modifications), including, for the avoidance of doubt, the conditions subsequent to effectiveness of the Amendment set forth in Section 5 therein (it being understood that time is of the essence with respect to such conditions). 

As consideration for the accommodations provided by the Agents and the Lenders to the Loan Parties in connection with the provision of the Modification, the Borrower hereby agrees to pay, and upon effectiveness of this Letter Agreement, is deemed to have paid, to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, an amendment fee equal to 500,000 (the Modification Fee ), which Modification Fee shall be paid in kind by capitalizing such Modification Fee and adding such capitalized amount to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans on the date hereof. The Modification Fee (i) has been fully earned on the date hereof, (ii) is non-refundable when paid, and (iii) constitutes part of the Obligations. 
 
 Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Letter Agreement constitutes a Loan Document under the Financing Agreement. Accordingly, it shall be an immediate Event of Default under the Financing Agreement if any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in this Letter Agreement. 
 
 This Letter Agreement shall become effective only upon satisfaction in full, in a manner satisfactory to the Agents, of the following conditions precedent (the first date upon which all such conditions shall have been satisfied being hereinafter referred to as the Effective Date 
 
 (1) Except for Section 6.1(h)(iii) of the Financing Agreement as a result of past due balances in respect of the specific Material Contracts set forth on Annex B attached to the Amendment, the representations and warranties contained in Article VI of the Financing Agreement and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date) 
 (2) After giving effect to this Letter Agreement, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Effective Date or result from this Letter Agreement becoming effective in accordance with its terms and 
 (3) The Borrower shall have paid on or before the date hereof, the Modification Fee. 
 This Letter Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. Sections 12.10 and 12.11 Consent to Jurisdiction Services of Process and Venue and Waiver of Jury Trial, Etc. of the Financing Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis . 
 
 Any provision of this Letter Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 The contents of this Letter Agreement are confidential. Except as required by law, statute, rule, regulation or valid judicial process, this Letter Agreement (or its contents) shall not be disclosed or displayed or its contents otherwise disclosed to any third Person (other than to your directors, officers, executive-level employees, attorneys and legal and financial advisors) without the prior written consent of the Agents and the Required Lenders. 

signature pages follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date set forth on the first page hereof. 
 
 BORROWER 
 AN GLOBAL LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 Supplemental Agreement 

GUARANTORS 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AGILETHOUGHT, LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Manager 4TH SOURCE, LLC By s Diana Abril Name Diana Abril Title Manager IT GLOBAL HOLDINGS LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 4TH SOURCE HOLDING CORP. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 

QMX INVESTMENT HOLDINGS USA, INC. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AGS ALPAMA GLOBAL SERVICES USA, LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President ENTREPIDS TECHNOLOGY INC. By s Diana Abril Name Diana Abril Title Secretary 4TH SOURCE MEXICO, LLC By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President AN USA By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President 

AGILETHOUGHT DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, S.A.P.I. DE C.V. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title President By s Mauricio Gardu o Name Mauricio Gardu o Title Attorney-in-fact AGILETHOUGHT M XICO, S.A. DE C.V. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Attorney-in-fact By s Mauricio Gardu o Name Mauricio Gardu o Title Attorney-in-fact 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 Supplemental Agreement 

COLLATERAL AGENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT BLUE TORCH FINANCE LLC , as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent 
 By Blue Torch Capital LP, its managing member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title CEO 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 Supplemental Agreement 

LENDERS BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND II LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its 
 general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member SWISS CAPITAL BTC OL PRIVATE DEBT FUND L.P. By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda in his capacity as authorized signatory of Blue Torch Capital LP, as agent and attorney-in-fact for Swiss Capital BTC OL Private Debt Fund L.P. 
 BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND III LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its 
 general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC HOLDINGS FUND II, LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities Fund II LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 Supplemental Agreement 

BTC HOLDINGS SBAF FUND LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF Fund LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC HOLDINGS KRS FUND LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS Fund LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES SBAF FUND LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SBAF GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 

BLUE TORCH CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES KRS FUND LP 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities KRS GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC OFFSHORE HOLDINGS FUND II-B LLC 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities Master Fund II LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BTC OFFSHORE HOLDINGS FUND II-C LLC 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities Master Fund II LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP II LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 
 
 BTC OFFSHORE HOLDINGS FUND III LLC 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities Master Fund III LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP III LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its managing member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member 

BTC HOLDINGS SC FUND LLC 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SC Master Fund LP, its sole member 
 By Blue Torch Credit Opportunities SC GP LLC, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member BLUE TORCH OFFSHORE CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND II LP 
 By Blue Torch Offshore Credit Opportunities GP II LP, its general partner 
 By KPG BTC Management LLC, its sole member 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Managing Member SWISS CAPITAL BTC OL PRIVATE DEBT OFFSHORE SP 
 A SEGREGATED PORTFOLIO OF SWISS CAPITAL PRIVATE DEBT (OFFSHORE) FUNDS SPC 
 By s Kevin Genda Name Kevin Genda Title Authorized Signatory of Blue Torch Capital LP in its capacity as investment manager to SWISS CAPITAL BTC OL PRIVATE DEBT OFFSHORE SP 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 4 Supplemental Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 
 Conformed Financing Agreement 

FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of May 27, 2022 
 by and among 
 AGILETHOUGHT, INC., 
 as Holdings, 
 AN GLOBAL LLC, 
 as the Borrower, 
 EACH OTHER SUBSIDIARY OF HOLDINGS LISTED AS A GUARANTOR ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO, as Guarantors, 
 THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, as Lenders, 
 and 
 BLUE TORCH FINANCE LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 

Table of Contents 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS CERTAIN TERMS 1 
 Section 1.01 Definitions 1 
 Section 1.02 Terms Generally 46 
 Section 1.03 Certain Matters of Construction 47 
 Section 1.04 Accounting and Other Terms 47 
 Section 1.05 Time References 48 
 Section 1.06 Obligation to Make Payments in Dollars 48 
 ARTICLE II THE LOANS 48 
 Section 2.01 Commitments 49 
 Section 2.02 Making the Loans 49 
 Section 2.03 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 52 
 Section 2.04 Interest 53 
 Section 2.05 Increase in Revolving Credit Commitment. 54 
 Section 2.06 Reduction of Commitment Prepayment of Loans 55 
 Section 2.07 Fees 58 
 Section 2.08 SOFR Option 60 
 Section 2.09 Funding Losses 63 
 Section 2.10 Taxes 63 
 Section 2.11 Increased Costs and Reduced Return 67 
 Section 2.12 Changes in Law Impracticability or Illegality 68 
 ARTICLE III INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 69 
 ARTICLE IV APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS DEFAULTING LENDERS 69 
 Section 4.01 Payments Computations and Statements 69 
 Section 4.02 Sharing of Payments 70 
 Section 4.03 Apportionment of Payments 70 
 Section 4.04 Defaulting Lenders 71 
 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS TO LOANS 72 
 Section 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness 72 
 Section 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Loans 76 
 ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 77 
 Section 6.01 Representations and Warranties 77 
 ARTICLE VII COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 84 
 Section 7.01 Affirmative Covenants 84 
 Section 7.02 Negative Covenants 94 
 Section 7.03 Financial Covenants 100 
 ARTICLE VIII CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 101 
 Section 8.01 Cash Management Arrangements 101 
 ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT 102 
 Section 9.01 Events of Default 102 
 Section 9.02 Cure Right 105 
 ARTICLE X AGENTS 106 
 Section 10.01 Appointment 106 
 Section 10.02 Nature of Duties Delegation 107 
 i 

133103192_8 

Section 10.03 Rights, Exculpation, Etc. 108 
 Section 10.04 Reliance 108 
 Section 10.05 Indemnification 109 
 Section 10.06 Agents Individually 109 
 Section 10.07 Successor Agent 109 
 Section 10.08 Collateral Matters 110 
 Section 10.09 Agency for Perfection 112 
 Section 10.10 No Reliance on any Agent s Customer Identification Program 112 
 Section 10.11 No Third Party Beneficiaries 112 
 Section 10.12 No Fiduciary Relationship 112 
 Section 10.13 Reports Confidentiality Disclaimers 112 
 Section 10.14 Collateral Custodian 113 
 Section 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement 113 
 Section 10.16 Collateral Agent May File Proofs of Claim 114 
 Section 10.17 Erroneous Distribution 114 
 ARTICLE XI GUARANTY 114 
 Section 11.01 Guaranty 115 
 Section 11.02 Guaranty Absolute 115 
 Section 11.03 Waiver 116 
 Section 11.04 Continuing Guaranty Assignments 116 
 Section 11.05 Subrogation 116 
 Section 11.06 Contribution 117 
 ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS 118 
 Section 12.01 Notices, Etc. 118 
 Section 12.02 Amendments, Etc. 120 
 Section 12.03 No Waiver Remedies, Etc. 122 
 Section 12.04 Expenses Taxes Attorneys Fees 122 
 Section 12.05 Right of Set-off 123 
 Section 12.06 Severability 124 
 Section 12.07 Assignments and Participations. 124 
 Section 12.08 Counterparts 127 
 Section 12.09 GOVERNING LAW 128 
 Section 12.10 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE 128 
 Section 12.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, ETC. 129 
 Section 12.12 Consent by the Agents and Lenders 129 
 Section 12.13 No Party Deemed Drafter 129 
 Section 12.14 Reinstatement Certain Payments 129 
 Section 12.15 Indemnification Limitation of Liability for Certain Damages 130 
 Section 12.16 Records 131 
 Section 12.17 Binding Effect 131 
 Section 12.18 Highest Lawful Rate 131 
 Section 12.19 Confidentiality 132 
 Section 12.20 Public Disclosure 133 
 Section 12.21 Integration 133 
 Section 12.22 USA PATRIOT Act 133 

ii 

133103192_8 

SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 
 Schedule 1.01(A) Lenders and Lenders Commitments 
 Schedule 1.01(B) Facilities 
 Schedule 1.01(C) Permitted Intercompany Investments 
 Schedule 1.01(D) Historical EBITDA 
 Schedule 6.01(e) Capitalization Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 6.01(f) Litigation 
 Schedule 6.01(i) ERISA 
 Schedule 6.01(j) Unpaid Taxes 
 Schedule 6.01(l) Nature of Business 
 Schedule 6.01(p) Employee and Labor Matters 
 Schedule 6.01(q) Environmental Matters 
 Schedule 6.01(r) Insurance 
 Schedule 6.01(u) Intellectual Property 
 Schedule 6.01(v) Material Contracts 
 Schedule 7.01(r) Post-Closing Matters 
 Schedule 7.02(a) Existing Liens 
 Schedule 7.02(b) Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 7.02(c) Project Thunder 
 Schedule 7.02(e) Existing Investments 
 Schedule 7.02(j) Affiliate Transactions 
 Schedule 7.02(k) Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions 
 Schedule 8.01 Cash Management Accounts 
 
 Exhibit A Form of Joinder Agreement 
 Exhibit B Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
 Exhibit C Form of Notice of Borrowing 
 Exhibit D Form of SOFR Notice 
 Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit 2.09(d) Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 
 iii 

133103192_8 

FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 Financing Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, by and among AgileThought, Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), AN Global LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), each subsidiary of Holdings listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages hereto (together with each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a Guarantor hereunder, each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors ), the lenders from time to time party hereto (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), Blue Torch Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Blue Torch ), as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), and Blue Torch, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and together with the Collateral Agent, each an Agent and collectively, the Agents ). 
 RECITALS 
 The Borrower has asked the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrower consisting of (a) a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of 55,000,000, and (b) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 3,000,000 at any time outstanding. The proceeds of the term loan and any loans made under the revolving credit facility shall be used (i) to refinance existing indebtedness of the Borrower, (ii) to pay up to 9,000,000 of certain past-due accounts payable of the Loan Parties, (iii) for general working capital purposes and (iv) to pay fees and expenses related to this Agreement. The Lenders are severally, and not jointly, willing to extend such credit to the Borrower subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 In consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS CERTAIN TERMS 
 Section 1.01 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below 
 Account or Accounts is defined in the UCC. 
 Account Debtor means, with respect to any Person, each debtor, customer or obligor in any way obligated on or in connection with any Account of such Person. 
 Acquisition means the acquisition (whether by means of a merger, amalgamation, consolidation or otherwise) of Equity Interests of any Person or all or substantially all of the assets of (or any division or business line of) any Person. 
 Action has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.12. 
 Additional Amount has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.10(a). 
 Additional Second Lien Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) that is secured on a junior basis to the Obligations, the terms of which (including, without limitation, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, defaults and other 
 
 133103192_8 

material terms) are satisfactory to the Agents and the Required Lenders and which is subject to an intercreditor agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and the Required Lenders. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment. 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Administrative Agent s Accounts means one or more accounts designated by the Administrative Agent at a bank designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time as the accounts into which the Loan Parties shall make all payments to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 10 or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of members of the Board of Directors of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Agent or any Lender be considered an Affiliate of any Loan Party. 
 Agent and Agents have the respective meanings specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Aggregate Payments has the meaning specified therefor in Section 11.06. 
 Agreement means this Financing Agreement, including all amendments, restatements, modifications and supplements and any exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, and shall refer to this Agreement as the same may be in effect at the time such reference becomes operative. 
 AGS Indebtedness means Indebtedness in the aggregate principal amount of 673,000 pursuant to that certain Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of June 24, 2021 by Holdings in favor of AGS Group LLC. 
 AGS Subordination Agreement means that certain Subordination Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2021, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, the Administrative Agent (as successor to the administrative agent under the Existing First Lien Credit Facility) and AGS Group LLC, with respect to the AGS Indebtedness, as said agreement may be supplemented by an agreement in which AGS Group LLC confirms the subordination provided thereby with respect to the Obligations. 
 Amendment No. 1 means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Financing Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2022, between Holdings, the Borrower, the other Guarantors party thereto, the Agents and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means August 10, 2022. 
 Amendment No. 4 Effective Date means March 7, 2023. 
 AN Extend Earn-Out means certain earn-out payments owed by AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. and Holdings to certain Persons that were sellers of AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. in respect of the sale 
 2 

of AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. in an amount equal to 1,750,333 (as of March 31, 2022), together with interest thereon. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all Requirements of Law concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), the UK Bribery Act of 2010, and the anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations of those jurisdictions in which the Loan Parties do business. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means all Requirements of Law concerning or relating to terrorism or money laundering, including, without limitation, the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. 1956-1957), the USA PATRIOT Act and the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311-5332 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959) and the rules and regulations thereunder, and any law prohibiting or directed against the financing or support of terrorist activities e.g. , 18 U.S.C. 2339A and 2339B). 
 Applicable Margin means, as of any date of determination, with respect to the interest rate of any Revolving Loan or the Term Loan (or any portion thereof), (x) with respect to any Reference Rate Loan, 8.00 per annum and (y) with respect to any SOFR Loan, 9.00 per annum. 
 Applicable Premium means 
 (a) as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (c), (d) or (e) of the definition thereof 
 (i) during the period from and after the Effective Date up to and including the date that is the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Effective Date (the First Period ), an amount equal to 3.00 times the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event 
 (ii) during the period after the First Period up to and including the date that is the twenty-four (24) month anniversary of the Effective Date (the Second Period ), an amount equal to 2.00 times the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event 
 (iii) during the period after the Second Period up to and including the date that is the thirty-six (36) month anniversary of the Effective Date (the Third Period ), an amount equal to 1.00 times the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and 
 (iv) thereafter, zero 
 (b) as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (a) of the definition thereof 
 (i) during the First Period, an amount equal to 3.00 times the amount of the permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitments on such date 
 3 

(ii) during the Second Period, an amount equal to 2.00 times the amount of the permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitments on such date 
 (iii) during the Third Period, an amount equal to 1.00 times the amount of the permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitments on such date and 
 (iii) thereafter, zero 
 (c) as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (b) of the definition thereof 
 (i) during the First Period, an amount equal to 3.00 times the amount of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans being paid on such date 
 (ii) during the Second Period, an amount equal to 2.00 times the amount of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans being paid on such date 
 (iii) during the Third Period, an amount equal to 1.00 times the amount of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans being paid on such date and 
 (iii) thereafter, zero. 
 Applicable Premium Trigger Event means 
 (a) any permanent reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 9.01 
 (b) any payment by any Loan Party of all, or any part, of the principal balance of any Term Loan for any reason (including, without limitation, any optional prepayment or mandatory prepayment other than (x) any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.06(c)(i) or Section 2.06(c)(iv) and (y) any regularly scheduled amortization payment made pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(z)) whether before or after (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default, or (ii) the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding, and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any reason) of the Obligations 
 (c) the acceleration of the Obligations for any reason, including, without limitation, acceleration in accordance with Section 9.01, including as a result of the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding 
 (d) the satisfaction, release, payment, restructuring, reorganization, replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the Obligations in any Insolvency Proceeding, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of a distribution of any kind in any Insolvency Proceeding to any Agent, for the account of the Lenders in full or partial satisfaction of the Obligations or 
 (e) the termination of this Agreement for any reason. 
 Assignment and Acceptance means an assignment and acceptance entered into by an assigning Lender and an assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in accordance with Section 12.07 hereof and substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto or such other form acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 4 

Assignment of Business Interruption Insurance Policy means that certain Assignment of Business Interruption Insurance Policy as Collateral Security, dated as of the date hereof, made by Holdings in favor of the Collateral Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 Authorized Officer means, with respect to any Person, the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or other financial officer performing similar functions, secretary, president or executive vice president of such Person. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Availability means, at any time, the difference between (a) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time and any successor statute or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and a replacement of the applicable Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 2.08(f), then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.08(f). 
 Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders as the replacement Benchmark in their reasonable discretion provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Reference Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published 
 5 

component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative. 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified date to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark or (b) all Available Tenors of such Benchmark are or will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. 
 Blue Torch has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 
 Board of Directors means with respect to (a) any corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) a partnership, the board of directors of the general partner of the partnership, (c) a limited liability company, the managing member or members, any controlling committee or board of directors of such company, the manager or board of managers, the sole member or the managing member thereof, and (d) any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required to close provided that for purposes of determining the borrowing, payment or continuation of, or determination of interest rate on, SOFR Loans, Business Day shall exclude any day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of (a) the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period that in accordance with GAAP are or should be included in property, plant and equipment or in a similar fixed asset account on its balance sheet, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, including all Capitalized Lease Obligations, obligations under synthetic leases and capitalized software costs that are paid or due and payable during such period and (b) to the extent not covered by clause (a) above, the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period to acquire by purchase or otherwise the business or fixed assets of, or the Equity Interests of, any other Person. 
 6 

Capitalized Lease means, with respect to any Person, any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property by such Person as lessee that is required under GAAP to be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person. 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person, obligations of such Person and its Subsidiaries under Capitalized Leases, and, for purposes hereof, the amount of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case, maturing within six months from the date of acquisition thereof (b) commercial paper, maturing not more than 270 days after the date of issue rated P 1 by Moody s or A 1 by Standard & Poor s (c) certificates of deposit maturing not more than 270 days after the date of issue, issued by commercial banking institutions and money market or demand deposit accounts maintained at commercial banking institutions, each of which is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 (d) repurchase agreements having maturities of not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition which are entered into with major money center banks included in the commercial banking institutions described in clause (c) above and which are secured by readily marketable direct obligations of the United States Government or any agency thereof (e) money market accounts maintained with mutual funds having assets in excess of 2,500,000,000, which assets are primarily comprised of Cash Equivalents described in another clause of this definition and (f) marketable tax exempt securities rated A or higher by Moody s or A+ or higher by Standard & Poor s, in each case, maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof. 
 Cash Management Accounts means the bank accounts of each Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) maintained at one or more Cash Management Banks listed on Schedule 8.01 hereto. 
 Cash Management Bank has the meaning specified therefor in Section 8.01(a). 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Change of Control means each occurrence of any of the following 
 a. the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than a Permitted Holder of beneficial ownership of more than 33 of the aggregate outstanding voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of Holdings 
 7 

b. during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors of Holdings (together with any new directors whose election by such Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of Holdings was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors of Holdings then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of such period, or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of Holdings 
 c. (i) Holdings shall cease to have beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 100 of the aggregate voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of the Borrower and (ii) Holdings shall cease to have beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 100 (or such lesser percentage as may be set forth on Schedule 6.01(e)) of the aggregate voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (other than in connection with any transaction permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(c)(i)), free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens) or 
 d. a Change of Control (or any comparable term or provision) under or with respect to any of the Equity Interests or Indebtedness of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility. 
 Collateral means all of the property and assets and all interests therein and proceeds thereof now owned or hereafter acquired by any Person upon which a Lien is granted or purported to be granted by such Person as security for all or any part of the Obligations. 
 Collateral Agent has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Collateral Agent Advances has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.08(a). 
 Collections means all cash, checks, notes, instruments, and other items of payment (including insurance proceeds, proceeds of cash sales, rental proceeds, and tax refunds). 
 Commitments means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and Term Loan Commitment. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit E, duly executed by an Authorized Officer of Holdings. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA shall mean, for any period, the Consolidated EBITDA for such period plus or minus, as applicable, to the extent a Permitted Acquisition or a Disposition of assets by Holdings or its Subsidiaries has been consummated during such period, the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to such Permitted Acquisition or such Disposition, as the case may be (but only that 
 8 

portion of the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the portion of such period that occurred prior to the date of consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or such Disposition, as the case may be). 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, with respect to any Person for any period 
 (a) the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period, plus 
 (b) without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such period 
 (i) any provision for United States federal income taxes or other taxes measured by net income (including any potential surcharges related to the timing difference of the provisional tax payments and the annual tax payments that would otherwise been paid as a tax expense), 
 (ii) Consolidated Net Interest Expense, 
 (iii) any loss from extraordinary items or non-recurring items provided that the aggregate amount of all addbacks pursuant to this clause (iii), together with all addbacks for non-recurring items pursuant to clause (viii)(B) below, shall not exceed 5 of Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings in any period, 
 (iv) any non-cash loss related to fair value adjustments (including with respect to the Existing Warrants), 
 (v) any depreciation and amortization expense, 
 (vi) any aggregate net loss on the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business, and 
 (vii) any other non-cash expenditure, charge or loss for such period (other than any non-cash expenditure, charge or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts and Inventory), 
 (viii) non-recurring cash restructuring expenses and other transaction expenses (including in connection with Project Thunder) in an aggregate amount (A) for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, not to exceed 3,000,000, and (B) for any subsequent period, not to exceed (together with all addbacks for non-recurring items pursuant to clause (iii)(B) above), 5 of Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings for the most recently concluded fiscal quarter for which financial statements were delivered or were required to be delivered in accordance with Section 7.01(a)(ii), 
 (ix) any non-cash losses relating to currency translation adjustments when converting the results of Foreign Subsidiaries to Dollars for such period, 
 (x) the actual amount of reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs, and expenses paid during such period in connection with the negotiation, execution, and delivery of (A) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (B) amendments to the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility in connection with this Agreement, in each case, to the extent such amounts are invoiced and paid on or prior to 
 9 

the Effective Date (or within 120 days thereafter) provided that the aggregate amount of all addbacks for non-recurring items pursuant to this clause (x) shall not exceed 5,250,000, 
 (xi) any additional addbacks satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, minus 
 (c) without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent included in the calculation of such Consolidated Net Income for such period 
 (i) any credit for United States federal income taxes or other taxes measured by net income, 
 (ii) any gain from extraordinary items, 
 (iii) any aggregate net gain from the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business, 
 (iv) any other non-cash gain, including any reversal of a charge referred to in clause (b)(vi) above by reason of a decrease in the value of any Equity Interest 
 in each case, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consolidated EBITDA for any period set forth on Schedule 1.01(D) shall be deemed equal to the amount for such period set forth on Schedule 1.01(D) . 
 Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any Person, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period provided , however , that (I) the following shall be excluded (a) the net income of any other Person in which such Person or one of its Subsidiaries has a joint interest with a third-party (which interest does not cause the net income of such other Person to be consolidated into the net income of such Person), except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions paid to such Person or Subsidiary , (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of such Person that is, on the last day of such period, subject to any restriction or limitation on the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions, to the extent of such restriction or limitation , and (c) the net income of any other Person arising prior to such other Person becoming a Subsidiary of such Person or merging or consolidating into such Person or its Subsidiaries . and (II) the following shall be added to consolidated net income (loss) of such Person only to the extent that, in calculating consolidated net income (without regard to this clause (II)) such amounts were deducted from consolidated net income (w) the Waiver and Amendment Fee (as such term is defined in the agreement referred to in clause (y) of the definition of Fee Letter) (x) the amount of the Failed Payment Fees (as such term is defined in the agreement referred to in clause (y) of the Fee Letter) actually paid and added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans (as of the date when paid and added) and (y) the additional fee of 500,000 paid by the Borrower on March 9, 2023 and added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans on such date. 
 Consolidated Net Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) gross interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP (including, without limitation, interest expense paid to Affiliates of such Person), less (b) the sum of (i) interest income for such period and (ii) gains for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in interest income above and to the extent not 
 10 

deducted in the calculation of gross interest expense), plus (c) the sum of (i) losses for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense) and (ii) the upfront costs or fees for such period associated with Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense), in each case, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP. 
 Contingent Indemnity Obligations means any Obligation constituting a contingent indemnification obligation of any Loan Party, in each case, to the extent (a) such obligation has not accrued and is not yet due and payable and (b) no claim has been made with respect thereto. 
 Contingent Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intending to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, (a) the direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement, and (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof provided , however , that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include any product warranties extended in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation with respect to which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability with respect thereto (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control Agreement means, with respect to any deposit account, any securities account, commodity account, securities entitlement or commodity contract, an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, among the Collateral Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such account is maintained or with which such entitlement or contract is carried and the Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) maintaining such account, effective to grant control (as defined under the applicable UCC) over such account to the Collateral Agent. 
 Controlled Investment Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person that (a) directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person and (b) is organized by such Person primarily for the purpose of making equity or debt investments in one or more companies. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 
 11 

Cure Right has the meaning specified in Section 9.02. 
 Current Value has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(m). 
 Debtor Relief Law means the Bankruptcy Code and any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief law of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time in effect. 
 Default means an event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 Deferred Monroe Fees means fees owed to Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC in respect of fees accrued prior to the Effective Date under the Existing First Lien Credit Agreement in an amount equal to 3,448,385. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Lender. 
 12 

Disbursement Letter means a disbursement letter, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, by and among the Loan Parties, the Agents, the Lenders and the other Persons party thereto, and the related funds flow memorandum describing the sources and uses of all cash payments in connection with the transactions contemplated to occur on the Effective Date. 
 Disposition means any transaction, or series of related transactions, pursuant to which any Person or any of its Subsidiaries sells (including, without limitation, any sale leaseback transaction), assigns, transfers, leases, licenses (as licensor) or otherwise disposes of any property or assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any other Person, in each case, whether or not the consideration therefor consists of cash, securities or other assets owned by the acquiring Person. For purposes of clarification, Disposition shall include (a) the sale or other disposition for value of any contracts, (b) any disposition of property through a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, or (c) the early termination or modification of any contract resulting in the receipt by any Loan Party of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event (other than payments in the ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts due through the date of termination or modification). 
 Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends or distributions in cash, or (d) is convertible into or exchangeable for (i) Indebtedness or (ii) any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case of clauses (a) through (d), prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date. 
 Dollar , Dollars and the symbol each means lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state or commonwealth thereof or under the laws of the District of Columbia. 
 Earn-out Obligations means seller notes, earn-outs or other obligations (other than customary purchase price adjustments and indemnification obligations) in connection with an Acquisition. 
 ECF Percentage means, for the fiscal year of Holdings ending on December 31, 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter, (i) 50.0 if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 2.50 1.00 as of the last day of such fiscal year, and (ii) 25.0 if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than 2.50 1.00 as of the last day of such fiscal year. 
 Effective Date has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.01. 
 Employee Plan means an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), regardless of whether subject to ERISA, that any Loan Party maintains, sponsors or contributes to or is obligated to contribute to. 
 13 

Environmental Claim means any action, suit, complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter or other communication, from any Person or Governmental Authority relating to or arising out of any threatened, alleged or actual (a) violation of, non-compliance with, or liability under, any Environmental Law, or (b) the manufacture, use, handling, processing, distribution, labeling, generation, transportation, storage, treatment, Release, threatened Release, disposal or arranging for the disposal of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Law means any Requirement of Law relating to, regulating or governing (i) the pollution or protection of the environment, any environmental media, natural resources, human health or safety, or (ii) the manufacture, use, handling, processing, distribution, labeling, generation, transportation, storage, treatment, Release, threatened Release, disposal or arranging for the disposal of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Liability means all liabilities (contingent or otherwise, known or unknown), monetary obligations, losses (including monies paid in settlement), damages, natural resource damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, costs, client charges and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest arising directly or indirectly as a result of, from, or based upon (a) any Environmental Claim, (b) any actual, alleged or threatened violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit, (c) any actual, alleged or threatened Release of, or exposure to, Hazardous Materials, (d) any Remedial Action, (e) any adverse environmental condition or (f) any contract, agreement or other arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed contractually or by operation of law with respect to any of the foregoing clauses (a)-(e). 
 Environmental Lien means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority arising out of any Environmental Liability. 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, license, authorization, approval, registration or entitlement required by or issued pursuant to any Environmental Law or by any Governmental Authority pursuant to Environmental Law. 
 Equity Interests means (a) all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting and (b) all securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable. 
 Equity Issuance means either (a) the sale or issuance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any shares of its Equity Interests or (b) the receipt by Holdings of any cash capital contributions. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute of similar import, and regulations thereunder, in each case, as in effect from time to time. References to sections of ERISA shall be construed also to refer to any successor sections. 
 14 

ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of which such Person is a member and which would be deemed to be a controlled group or under common control within the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c) (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code or Sections 4001(a)(14) or 4001(b)(1) of ERISA. 
 ERISA Event means (a) the occurrence of a Reportable Event with respect to any Pension Plan (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standards of Section 412 or 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 or 303 of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA) or the failure to make a contribution or installment required under Section 412 or Section 430(j) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan (c) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (d) a determination that any Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, in critical or endangered status under Section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 305 of ERISA (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of an amendment to a Pension Plan as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA (f) the withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (g) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition that might constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan (h) the imposition of liability on any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069(a) of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA (i) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan or the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is insolvent pursuant to Section 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA (j) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on any Loan Party of material fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Sections 4975 or 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code or under Section 409, Section 502(c), (i) or (l), or Section 4071 of ERISA in respect of any Employee Plan or Pension Plan (k) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent, upon any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates (l) the assertion of a claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Employee Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in connection with any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (m) receipt from the Internal Revenue Service of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any such Pension Plan (or such other Employee Plan) to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (n) the imposition on any Loan Party of any material fine, excise tax or penalty with respect to any Employee Plan, Pension Plan, or Multiemployer Plan resulting from any noncompliance with any Requirements of Law (o) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan or (p) the occurrence of any Foreign Plan Event. 
 Erroneous Distribution has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.18. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01. 
 15 

Excess Cash Flow means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, less (b) the sum of, without duplication, (i) all cash principal payments (excluding any principal payments made pursuant to Section 2.06(c)) on the Loans made during such period (but, in the case of the Revolving Loans, only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), and all cash principal payments on Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement) of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries during such period to the extent such other Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement (but, in the case of revolving loans, only to the extent that the revolving credit commitment in respect thereof is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), (ii) all cash payment made in respect of Existing Earn-Out Obligations to the extent such payment is permitted by this Agreement, and all cash payments made in respect of Permitted Future Earn-Out Obligations, (iii) all Consolidated Net Interest Expense to the extent paid or payable in cash during such period, (iv) the cash portion of Capital Expenditures made by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period to the extent permitted to be made under this Agreement (excluding Capital Expenditures to the extent financed through the incurrence of Indebtedness or through an Equity Issuance), (v) all scheduled loan servicing fees and other similar fees in respect of Indebtedness of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries paid in cash during such period, to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement, (vi) income taxes paid in cash by such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, (vii) provisions for income and franchise taxes payable by such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, (viii) Tax Distributions, (ix) all cash expenses, cash charges, cash losses and other cash items that were added back in the determination of Consolidated EBITDA for such period and (x) the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the end of such period over Working Capital at the beginning of such period (or minus the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the beginning of such period over Working Capital at the end of such period). 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Excluded Account means (a) any deposit account specifically and exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of any Loan Party s employees and (b) any Petty Cash Accounts. 
 Excluded Equity Issuance means (a) in the event that Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries forms any Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement, the issuance by such Subsidiary of Equity Interests to Holdings or such Subsidiary, as applicable, (b) the issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings to any Person that is an equity holder of Holdings prior to such issuance (an Equity Holder so long as such Equity Holder did not acquire any Equity Interests of Holdings so as to become an Equity Holder concurrently with, or in contemplation of, the issuance of such Equity Interests to such Equity Holder, (c) the issuance of Equity Interests of Holdings to directors, officers and employees of Holdings and its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock option plans (or other employee incentive plans or other compensation arrangements) approved by the Board of Directors of Holdings, and (d) the issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of Holdings to its parent or member in connection with the contribution by such parent or member to such Subsidiary of the proceeds of an issuance described in clauses (a) (c) above. 
 Excluded Foreign Subsidiary means any Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Mexican Loan Party as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 
 16 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason not to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time the guarantee of such Guarantor becomes effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.10, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.10(d) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Executive Order No. 13224 means the Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced. 
 Existing Earn-Out Obligations means the Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.02(b)(ii), including, for the avoidance of doubt, the AN Extend Earn-Out. 
 Existing First Lien Credit Facility means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2019 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof) by and among the Loan Parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC, as administrative agent and lead arranger. 
 Existing First Lien Lenders means the lenders party to the Existing First Lien Credit Facility. 
 Existing Second Lien Collateral Agent means GLAS Americas LLC. 
 Existing Second Lien Credit Facility means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021 (as (i) amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement dated as of December 9, 2021, (ii) amended by that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement dated as of March 30, 2022, (iii) amended by that certain Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement dated as of the date of this Agreement, (iv) amended by that certain Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2022, (v) amended by that certain Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement dated as of November 22, 2022, (vi) amended by that certain Amendment No. 6 to the Credit Agreement dated as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and that certain Waiver to Credit Agreement dated as of the 
 17 

Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, and (vii) further amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement) by and among the Loan Parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto, the Existing Second Lien Collateral Agent, as collateral agent and GLAS USA LLC, as administrative agent. 
 Existing Second Lien Lenders means the lenders party to the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility. 
 Existing Warrants means warrants for Class A ordinary shares of Holdings that have been issued prior to the Effective Date to the Existing First Lien Lenders. 
 Exitus Indebtedness means Indebtedness in the aggregate principal amount of 1,580,000 pursuant to that certain Simple Loan Facility Agreement and related promissory note, in each case, dated as of July 26, 2021 by AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. de C.V. in favor of Exitus Capital, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 Exitus Obligor means AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. 
 Exitus Renewal Fee means certain renewal fees with respect to the Exitus Indebtedness, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 444,000 in the aggregate. 
 Exitus Subordination Agreement means that certain Subordination Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2021, by and among the Administrative Agent (as successor to the administrative agent under the Existing First Lien Credit Facility), Holdings, the Borrower, AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. de C.V. and Exitus Capital, S.A.P.I. de C.V., as said agreement may be supplemented by an agreement in which Exitus Capital, S.A.P.I. de C.V. confirms the subordination provided thereby with respect to the Obligations. 
 Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of proceeds described in Section 2.06(c)(ii) or (iii) hereof or proceeds of Indebtedness), including, without limitation, (a) foreign, United States, state or local tax refunds, (b) pension plan reversions, (c) proceeds of insurance (other than to the extent such insurance proceeds are (i) immediately payable to a Person that is not Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law or with Contractual Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business or (ii) received by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any out-of-pocket costs incurred or made by such Person prior to the receipt thereof directly related to the event resulting from the payment of such proceeds), (d) judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action, (e) condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), (f) indemnity payments (other than to the extent such indemnity payments are (i) immediately payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) received by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any costs previously incurred or any payment previously made by such Person) and (g) any purchase price adjustment received in connection with any purchase agreement. 
 Facility means the real property identified on Schedule 1.01(B) and any New Facility hereafter acquired by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the land on which each such facility is located, all buildings and other improvements thereon, and all fixtures located thereat or used in connection therewith. 
 18 

Fair Share Contribution Amount has the meaning specified therefor in Section 11.06. 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code and any fiscal, tax or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
 FCPA has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 Fee Letter means, collectively, (x) the fee letter, dated as of May 27, 2022, among the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, and (y) the fee letter, dated as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 
 Final Maturity Date means the earlier of (a) January 1, 2025, and (b) May 1, 2023 provided that, this clause (b) shall not apply if (i) Requisite Shareholder Approval (as defined in the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility) has been obtained or is deemed to have been obtained, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility, on or prior to May 1, 2023 or (ii) the Outstanding Obligations due to the Tranche B-1 Lender and the Tranche B-2 Lender (each as defined under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility) have been converted into Conversion Payment Shares (as defined in the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility) on or before June 15, 2023. If any such date in this definition is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day shall be deemed to be the Final Maturity Date hereunder. 
 Financial Advisor has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(s)(i). 
 Financial Statements means (a) the audited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the Fiscal Year then ended, and (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholder s equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter then ended. 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries for any period, the ratio of (a) all Indebtedness described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) in the definition thereof of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such period that is secured by a Lien on assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of such date which is pari passu with or senior to the 
 19 

Liens securing the Obligations as of such date (other than Indebtedness under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility) to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period . , provided that for the purpose of calculating such ratio, the foregoing clause (a) shall exclude (x) the amount of the Failed Payment Fees (as such term is defined in the agreement referred to in clause (y) of the Fee Letter) actually paid and added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans (as of the date when paid and added), and (y) the additional fee of 500,000 paid by the Borrower on March 9, 2023 and added to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans on such date. 
 First Period has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Applicable Premium . 
 Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of a Fiscal Year. 
 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending on December 31 of each year. 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to 1.00 per annum. 
 Foreign Plan means any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained, sponsored or contributed to, or for which there is an obligation to contribute to, by any Loan Party that is subject to any Requirements of Laws other than, or in addition to, the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the laws of the District of Columbia. 
 Foreign Plan Event means, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (a) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any Requirement of Law, or in excess of the amount that would be permitted absent a waiver from a Governmental Authority, (b) the failure to make any required contribution or payment under any Requirement of Law within the time permitted by any Requirement of Law for such contributions or payments, (c) the receipt of a notice from a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Plan, (d) the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary under any law on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein, or (e) the occurrence of any transaction with respect to a Foreign Plan that is prohibited under any Requirement of Law and that could reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or the imposition on any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any material fine, excise tax or penalty with respect to a Foreign Plan resulting from any noncompliance with any Requirement of Law. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Holdings that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Funding Losses has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States, applied on a consistent basis, provided that for the purpose of Section 7.03 hereof and the definitions used therein, GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date hereof and consistent with those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements, provided , further , that if there occurs after the date of this Agreement any change in GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any covenant contained in Section 7.03 hereof, the Collateral Agent and the 
 20 

Borrower shall negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenant with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and the Borrower after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the date of this Agreement and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, the covenants in Section 7.03 hereof shall be calculated as if no such change in GAAP has occurred. 
 Governing Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, and the operating agreement or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents) (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture, declaration or other applicable agreement or documentation evidencing or otherwise relating to its formation or organization, governance and capitalization and (d) with respect to any of the entities described above, any other agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation, incorporation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation, incorporation or organization. 
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any foreign, Federal, state, territory, provincial, city, town, municipality, county, local or other political subdivision thereof or thereto and any department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality, agency or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified therefor in Section 11.01. 
 Guarantor means (a) Holdings, and each other Subsidiary of Holdings listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages hereto, and (b) each other Person which guarantees, pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or otherwise, all or any part of the Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, no Excluded Foreign Subsidiary or Immaterial Subsidiary shall be a Guarantor. 
 Guaranty means (a) the guaranty of each Guarantor party hereto contained in Article XI hereof and (b) each other guaranty, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by any other Guarantor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders guaranteeing all or part of the Obligations. 
 Hazardous Material means any element, material, substance, waste, compound or chemical that is defined, listed or otherwise classified as a contaminant, pollutant, toxic or hazardous substance, hazardous waste, universal waste, special waste, or solid waste or is otherwise characterized by words of similar import under any Environmental Law or that is regulated under, or for which liability or standards of care are imposed, pursuant to any Environmental Law, including, without limitation, petroleum, polychlorinated biphenyls asbestos-containing materials, lead or lead-containing materials, urea formaldehyde-containing materials, radioactive materials, radon, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and mold. 
 Hedging Agreement means any interest rate, foreign currency, commodity or equity swap, collar, cap, floor or forward rate agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or currency, commodity or equity values (including, without limitation, any option with respect to any of the foregoing and any combination of the foregoing 
 21 

agreements or arrangements), and any confirmation executed in connection with any such agreement or arrangement. 
 Highest Lawful Rate means, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, the maximum non-usurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the Obligations under laws applicable to such Agent or such Lender which are currently in effect or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be in effect and which allow a higher maximum non-usurious interest rate than applicable laws now allow. 
 Holdout Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(c). 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that, as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of Holdings, when taken together with all other Immaterial Subsidiaries, have not, in the aggregate, contributed greater than 3 of the Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended or greater than 3 of the total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as shown on the most recent balance sheet of Holdings delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(ii) or (iii) provided that, if at any time the aggregate amount of that portion of Consolidated EBITDA of all Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties exceeds 3 of Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings and its Subsidiaries or greater than 3 of the total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any such period, the Borrower shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries as Loan Parties to cause that portion of Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings generated by Immaterial Subsidiaries to equal or be less than 3 of EBITDA and the portion of total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries to equal or be less than 3 , and Holdings shall cause all such Subsidiaries so designated to become a Guarantor and deliver all applicable Loan Documents in accordance with Section 7.01(b)(i). 
 Incremental Revolving Loan has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.05(a). 
 Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables or other accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business and not outstanding for more than 90 days after the date such payable was created and any earn-out, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation until such obligation appears in the liabilities section of the balance sheet of such Person) (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments or upon which interest payments are customarily made (d) all reimbursement, payment or other obligations and liabilities of such Person created or arising under any conditional sales or other title retention agreement with respect to property used and or acquired by such Person, even though the rights and remedies of the lessor, seller and or lender thereunder may be limited to repossession or sale of such property (e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person (f) all obligations and liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of such Person, in respect of letters of credit, acceptances and similar facilities (g) all obligations and liabilities, calculated on a basis satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and in accordance with accepted practice, of such Person under Hedging Agreements (h) all monetary obligations under any receivables factoring, receivable sales or similar transactions and all monetary obligations under any synthetic lease, tax ownership operating lease, off-balance sheet financing or similar financing (i) all Contingent Obligations (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests and (k) all obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (j) of this definition of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien upon property owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness. The Indebtedness of any Person 
 22 

shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership of or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer. 
 Indemnified Matters has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15. 
 Insolvency Proceeding means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of any Debtor Relief Law. 
 Intellectual Property has the meaning specified therefor in the Security Agreement. 
 Intellectual Property Contracts means all agreements concerning Intellectual Property, including without limitation license agreements, technology consulting agreements, confidentiality agreements, co-existence agreements, consent agreements and non-assertion agreements. 
 Intercompany Subordination Agreement means an Intercompany Subordination Agreement made by Holdings and its Subsidiaries in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Loan Parties, the Collateral Agent and the Existing Second Lien Collateral Agent. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to each SOFR Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such Term SOFR Loan (or the continuation of a SOFR Loan or the conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan) and ending three months thereafter provided , however , that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended (subject to clauses (c)-(e) below) to the next succeeding Business Day, (b) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon the Term SOFR Reference Rate from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires, (c) any Interest Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (d) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month that is one or three months after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable, and (e) the Borrower may not elect an Interest Period which will end after the Final Maturity Date. 
 Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Inventory means, with respect to any Person, all goods and merchandise of such Person leased or held for sale or lease by such Person, including, without limitation, all raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods, and all packaging, supplies and materials of every nature used or usable in 
 23 

connection with the shipping, storing, advertising or sale of such goods and merchandise, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and all such other property the sale or other disposition of which would give rise to an Account or cash. 
 Investment means, with respect to any Person, (a) any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees, advances or other extensions of credit (excluding Accounts arising in the ordinary course of business), capital contributions or acquisitions of Indebtedness (including, any bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities), Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line of such other Person), (b) the purchase or ownership of any futures contract or liability for the purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract, or (c) any investment in any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A, duly executed by a Subsidiary of a Loan Party made a party hereto pursuant to Section 7.01(b). 
 Lease means any lease, sublease or license of, or other agreement granting a possessory interest in, real property to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as lessor, lessee, sublessor, sublessee, licensor or licensee. 
 Lender has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, pledge, lien (statutory or otherwise), security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security or preferential arrangement of any nature, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, any Capitalized Lease and any collateral assignment, deposit arrangement or financing lease intended as, or having the effect of, security. 
 Liquidity means Availability plus Qualified Cash. 
 Loan means the Term Loan or any Revolving Loan made by an Agent or a Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Article II hereof. 
 Loan Account means an account maintained hereunder by the Administrative Agent on its books of account at the Payment Office, and with respect to the Borrower, in which the Borrower will be charged with all Loans made to, and all other Obligations incurred by, the Borrower. 
 Loan Document means this Agreement, the Assignment of Business Interruption Insurance Policy, any Control Agreement, the Disbursement Letter, the Fee Letter, any Guaranty, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the AGS Subordination Agreement, the Exitus Subordination Agreement, any Joinder Agreement, any Mortgage, any Security Agreement, any UCC Filing Authorization Letter, the VCOC Management Rights Agreement, any landlord waiver, any collateral access agreement, any Perfection Certificate and any other agreement, instrument, certificate, report and other document executed and delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or otherwise evidencing or securing any Loan or any other Obligation, in each case, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, renewed or replaced from time to time. 
 Loan Party means the Borrower and any Guarantor. 
 24 

Material Adverse Effect means any event, development, state of facts, change, circumstance, occurrence, condition or effect that, either individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on any of (a) the operations, assets, liabilities, financial condition or prospects of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties to perform any of their obligations under any Loan Document, (c) the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (d) the rights and remedies of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or (e) the validity, perfection or priority of a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on Collateral having a fair market value in excess of 250,000. 
 Material Contract means, with respect to any Person, (a) each contract listed on Schedule 6.01(v), (b) each contract or agreement to which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries is a party involving aggregate consideration payable to or by such Person or such Subsidiary of 250,000 or more in any Fiscal Year (other than purchase orders in the ordinary course of the business of such Person or such Subsidiary and other than contracts that by their terms may be terminated by such Person or Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business upon less than 60 days notice without penalty or premium), and (c) each other contract or agreement as to which the breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Mexican Loan Parties means AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. and AgileThought Mexico, S.A. de C.V.. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Mortgage means a mortgage (including, without limitation, a leasehold mortgage), deed of trust or deed to secure debt, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, securing the Obligations and delivered to the Collateral Agent. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has contributed, or has been obligated to contribute, to at any time during the preceding six calendar years. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means, with respect to, any issuance or incurrence of any Indebtedness, any Equity Issuance, any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts by any Person or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of cash received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Person or such Subsidiary, in connection therewith after deducting therefrom only (a) in the case of any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards, the amount of any Indebtedness secured by any Permitted Lien on any asset (other than Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such asset) which is required to be, and is, repaid in connection therewith (other than Indebtedness under this Agreement), (b) reasonable expenses related thereto incurred by such Person or such Subsidiary in connection therewith, (c) transfer taxes paid to any taxing authorities by such Person or such Subsidiary in connection therewith, and (d) net income taxes to be paid in connection therewith (after taking into account any tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), in each case, to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are (i) actually paid to a Person that, except in the case of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, is not an Affiliate of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) properly attributable to such transaction or to the asset that is the subject thereof. 
 25 

New Facility has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(m). 
 Notice of Borrowing has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(a). 
 Obligations means all present and future indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities of each Loan Party to the Agents and the Lenders arising under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, whether or not the right of payment in respect of such claim is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured, unsecured, and whether or not such claim is discharged, stayed or otherwise affected by any proceeding referred to in Section 9.01. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of each Loan Party under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation (irrespective of whether a claim therefor is allowed in an Insolvency Proceeding) to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, premiums (including the Applicable Premium), attorneys fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by such Person under the Loan Documents, and (b) the obligation of such Person to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Agent or any Lender (in its sole discretion) may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Person. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
 Operational Advisor has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(s)(ii). 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(i). 
 Payment Office means the Administrative Agent s office located at 150 East 58 th Street, 18 th Floor, New York, New York 10155, or at such other office or offices of the Administrative Agent as may be designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 
 Pension Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA that is subject to Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA maintained, sponsored or contributed to, or for which there is an obligation to contribute to, by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates at any time during the preceding six calendar years. 
 26 

Perfection Certificate means a certificate in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent providing information with respect to the property of each Loan Party. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by a Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) to the extent that each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied 
 (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition 
 (b) to the extent the Acquisition will be financed in whole or in part with the proceeds of any Loan, the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 shall have been satisfied 
 (c) the Borrower shall have furnished to the Agents at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition (i) an executed term sheet and or commitment letter (setting forth in reasonable detail the terms and conditions of such Acquisition) and, at the request of any Agent, such other information and documents that any Agent may request, including, without limitation, executed counterparts of the respective agreements, instruments or other documents pursuant to which such Acquisition is to be consummated (including, without limitation, any related management, non-compete, employment, option or other material agreements), any schedules to such agreements, instruments or other documents and all other material ancillary agreements, instruments or other documents to be executed or delivered in connection therewith, (ii) pro forma financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries after the consummation of such Acquisition, (iii) a certificate of the chief financial officer of Holdings, demonstrating on a pro forma basis compliance, as at the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internally prepared financial statements are available, with all covenants set forth in Section 7.03 hereof after the consummation of such Acquisition, and (iv) copies of such other agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent shall reasonably request 
 (d) the agreements, instruments and other documents referred to in paragraph (c) above shall provide that (i) neither the Loan Parties nor any of their Subsidiaries shall, in connection with such Acquisition, assume or remain liable in respect of any Indebtedness of the Seller or Sellers, or other obligation of the Seller or Sellers (except for Permitted Indebtedness), and (ii) all property to be so acquired in connection with such Acquisition shall be free and clear of any and all Liens, except for Permitted Liens (and if any such property is subject to any Lien not permitted by this clause (ii) then concurrently with such Acquisition such Lien shall be released) 
 (e) such Acquisition shall be effected in such a manner so that the acquired assets or Equity Interests are owned either by a Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) or a wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiary of a Loan Party and, if effected by merger or consolidation involving a Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties), such Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person 
 (f) the Loan Parties shall have Liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 10,000,000 immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the proposed Acquisition 
 (g) the assets being acquired or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired did not have negative Consolidated EBITDA during the 12 consecutive month period most recently concluded prior to the date of the proposed Acquisition 
 27 

(h) the assets being acquired, or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired, are useful in or engaged in, as applicable, the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries or a business reasonably related thereto 
 (i) the assets being acquired are located within the United States or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located within the United States 
 (j) such Acquisition shall be consensual and shall have been approved by the board of directors of the Person whose Equity Interests or assets are proposed to be acquired and shall not have been preceded by an unsolicited tender offer for such Equity Interests by, or proxy contest initiated by, Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or an Affiliate thereof 
 (k) any such Domestic Subsidiary (and its equityholders) shall execute and deliver the agreements, instruments and other documents required by Section 7.01(b) on or prior to the date of the consummation of such Acquisition and 
 (l) the Purchase Price payable in respect of any single Acquisition or series of related Acquisitions shall not exceed an amount equal to 15 of Revenue of the Borrower for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended prior to the date of such Acquisition. 
 Permitted Cure Equity means Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings. 
 Permitted Disposition means 
 (a) sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) licensing, on a non-exclusive basis, Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) leasing or subleasing assets in the ordinary course of business 
 (d) (i) the lapse of Registered Intellectual Property of Holdings and its Subsidiaries to the extent not economically desirable in the conduct of their business or (ii) the abandonment of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), (A) with respect to copyrights, such copyrights are not material revenue generating copyrights, and (B) such lapse is not materially adverse to the interests of the Secured Parties 
 (e) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property 
 (f) any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property 
 (g) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, transfers of assets (i) from Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to a Loan Party (other than Holdings or the Mexican Loan Parties), and (ii) from any Subsidiary of Holdings that is not a Loan Party (or is the Mexican Loan Parties) to any other Subsidiary of Holdings 
 (h) Permitted Factoring Dispositions 
 28 

(i) Disposition of obsolete or worn-out equipment in the ordinary course of business, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, for all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, 250,000 in any Fiscal Year and 
 (j) Disposition of property or assets not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through (i) above for cash in the ordinary course of business for not less than the fair market value of such property or assets, in an aggregate amount not to exceed, for all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, 500,000 in any Fiscal Year 
 provided that the Net Cash Proceeds of such Dispositions are paid to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06(c)(ii) or applied as provided in Section 2.06(c)(vi). 
 Permitted Factoring Dispositions means any Disposition of Accounts via a factoring, reverse factoring or confirming arrangement to any Person that is not an Affiliate of any Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, so long as the aggregate face value of all such Accounts that have been so factored, reversed factored or confirmed and not been paid by the account debtor thereof shall not exceed 1,500,000 at any one time outstanding. 
 Permitted Future Earn-out Obligations means, collectively, the aggregate outstanding amount of all Earn-out Obligations incurred after the Effective Date (other than, for avoidance of doubt, the Existing Earn-out Obligations), whether payable in Equity Interests or cash or Cash Equivalents, so long as (a) such Earn-out Obligations are incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, and (b) the aggregate outstanding amount of all such Earn-out Obligations payable in cash does not exceed 10,000,000 and the holders of such Earn-out Obligations have agreed to subordinate their claims with respect thereto to the prior payment of the Obligations pursuant to a subordination agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Permitted Holder means each of (i) Macfran S.A. de C.V., (ii) Invertis LLC., (iii) Diego Zavala, (iv) Mauricio Rioseco, (v) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the trust No. F 17938-6 (Credit Suisse), (vi) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the trust No. F 17937-8 (Credit Suisse), (vii) Banco Nacional de M xico, S.A., Member of Grupo Financiero Banamex, Divisi n Fiduciaria, in its capacity as trustee of the irrevocable trust for the issuance of senior bonds No. F 173183 (Nexxus), (viii) Nexxus Capital Private Equity Fund, VI, LP, (ix) Mauricio Gardu o Gonz lez Elizondo, (x) Rodrigo Franco Hern ndez, (xi) MZM Estrategia, S.A.P.I. de C.V., (xii) Isabelle Richard, (xiii) Georgina Rojas Aboumrad, (xiv) Alejandro Rojas Domene, (xv) Miguel Angel Ambrosi Herrera, (xvi) Banco Invex, S.A., Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Invex Grupo Financiero acting as trustee pursuant to the Contrato de Fideicomiso Irrevocable de Emisi n de Cert. Burs tiles Fid. de Desarrollo N.F2416 (LIV Mexico Growth IV N.F2416) and (xvii) LIV Mexico Growth Fund IV, L.P. 
 Permitted Indebtedness means 
 (a) any Indebtedness owing to any Agent or any Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
 (b) any other Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.02(b), and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness 
 29 

(c) Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness 
 (d) Permitted Intercompany Investments 
 (e) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, surety, statutory, and appeal bonds 
 (f) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing, or providing financing for, property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to the Loan Parties, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the period in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such period 
 (g) the incurrence by any Loan Party of Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements that are incurred for the bona fide purpose of hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Party s operations and not for speculative purposes 
 (h) Indebtedness incurred in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including so-called procurement cards or P-cards or other similar cash management services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (i) contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions 
 (j) Indebtedness of a Person whose assets or Equity Interests are acquired by Holdings or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250,000 at any one time outstanding provided , that such Indebtedness (i) is either Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness or a Capitalized Lease with respect to equipment or mortgage financing with respect to a Facility, (ii) was in existence prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition, and (iii) was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition 
 (k) unsecured Indebtedness of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries that is incurred on the date of the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition solely for the purpose of consummating such Permitted Acquisition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) such unsecured Indebtedness is not incurred for working capital purposes, (iii) such unsecured Indebtedness does not mature prior to the date that is 12 months after the Final Maturity Date, (iv) such unsecured Indebtedness does not amortize until 12 months after the Final Maturity Date, (v) such unsecured Indebtedness does not provide for the payment of interest thereon in cash or Cash Equivalents prior to the date that is 12 months after the Final Maturity Date, and (vi) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders 
 (l) the Existing Earn-Out Obligations 
 (m) Permitted Future Earn-Out Obligations 
 (n) Subordinated Indebtedness 
 30 

(o) Indebtedness under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility (and any refinancing thereof to the extent permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement), in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 23,000,000, plus the aggregate amount of interest on such Indebtedness that is capitalized or accrued in accordance with the terms of the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility provided that such Indebtedness is subject to, and permitted by, the Intercreditor Agreement 
 (p) Indebtedness arising from Permitting Factoring Dispositions 
 (q) the AGS Indebtedness provided that such Indebtedness is subject to, and permitted by, the AGS Subordination Agreement 
 (r) the Exitus Indebtedness provided that such Indebtedness is subject to, and permitted by, the Exitus Subordination Agreement 
 (s) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, the Unpaid Taxes 
 (t) PPP Indebtedness, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 312,041 
 (u) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit issued by third party financial institutions, so long as the maximum aggregate face amount of such letters of credit shall not exceed 2,000,000 at any time and 
 (v) other unsecured Indebtedness owed to any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed 4,000,000 at any time. 
 Permitted Intercompany Investments means Investments made by (a) a Loan Party to or in another Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties), (b) a Loan Party to or in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or to the Mexican Loan Parties) so long as either (i) such Investment is made in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) the aggregate amount of all Investments made pursuant to this clause (b)(ii) does not exceed 500,000 at any one time outstanding, (c) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or that is the Mexican Loan Parties) to or in another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or to the Mexican Loan Parties), and (d) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (or the Mexican Loan Parties) to or in a Loan Party (including the Investments listed on Schedule 1.01(C)), so long as, in the case of a loan or advance, the parties thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement. 
 Permitted Investments means 
 a. Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents 
 b. Investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business 
 c. advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business 
 d. Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an Account Debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries 
 31 

e. Investments existing on the date hereof, as set forth on Schedule 7.02(e) hereto, but not any increase in the amount thereof as set forth in such Schedule or any other modification of the terms thereof 
 f. Permitted Intercompany Investments and 
 g. Permitted Acquisitions. 
 Permitted Liens means 
 (a) Liens securing the Obligations 
 (b) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges the payment of which is not required under Section 7.01(c)(ii) 
 (c) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted, and a reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made therefor 
 (d) Liens described on Schedule 7.02(a), provided that any such Lien shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Effective Date and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (e) purchase money Liens on equipment acquired or held by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its business to secure Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness so long as such Lien only (i) attaches to such property and (ii) secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire such property or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof 
 (f) deposits and pledges of cash securing (i) obligations incurred in respect of workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits, (ii) the performance of bids, tenders, leases, contracts (other than for the payment of money) and statutory obligations or (iii) obligations on surety or appeal bonds, but only to the extent such deposits or pledges are made or otherwise arise in the ordinary course of business and secure obligations not past due 
 (g) with respect to any Facility, easements, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not (i) secure obligations for the payment of money or (ii) materially impair the value of such property or its use by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the normal conduct of such Person s business 
 (h) Liens of landlords and mortgagees of landlords (i) arising by statute or under any Lease or related Contractual Obligation entered into in the ordinary course of business, (ii) on fixtures and movable tangible property located on the real property leased or subleased from such landlord, or (iii) for amounts not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP 
 32 

(i) the title and interest of a lessor or sublessor in and to personal property leased or subleased (other than through a Capitalized Lease), in each case extending only to such personal property 
 (j) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business 
 (k) judgment liens (other than for the payment of taxes, assessments or other governmental charges) securing judgments and other proceedings not constituting an Event of Default under Section 9.01(j) 
 (l) rights of set-off or bankers liens upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such deposit accounts in the ordinary course of business 
 (m) Liens granted in the ordinary course of business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (n) Liens assumed by Holdings or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition that secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness and 
 (o) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by any Loan Party in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to a Permitted Acquisition 
 (p) Liens on cash collateral securing Indebtedness and obligations relating thereto that is permitted, and not securing any obligations in excess of the amount that is permitted, under clause (u) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (q) Liens securing the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility, to the extent subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and 
 (r) other Liens granted to any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in the ordinary course of business, so long as such Liens secure obligations in an aggregate outstanding amount that does not exceed 100,000 at any time 
 provided that, other than any Liens Securing the Obligations, in no event shall any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party grant a Lien on (x) any property of any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is organized under the law of Mexico, or (y) any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is organized under the law of Mexico unless, in each such case, such Lien secures the Obligations and (subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement) obligations under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility. 
 
 Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations) incurred to finance the acquisition of any fixed assets secured by a Lien permitted under clause (e) of the definition of Permitted Liens provided that 
 (a) such Indebtedness is incurred within 30 days after such acquisition, 
 33 

(b) such Indebtedness when incurred shall not exceed the purchase price of the asset financed and 
 (c) the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed 750,000 at any time outstanding. 
 Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means the extension of maturity, refinancing or modification of the terms of Indebtedness so long as 
 (a) after giving effect to such extension, refinancing or modification, the amount of such Indebtedness is not greater than the amount of Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to such extension, refinancing or modification (other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto) 
 (b) such extension, refinancing or modification does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity (measured as of the extension, refinancing or modification) of the Indebtedness so extended, refinanced or modified 
 (c) such extension, refinancing or modification is pursuant to terms that are not less favorable to the Loan Parties and the Lenders than the terms of the Indebtedness (including, without limitation, terms relating to the collateral (if any) and subordination (if any)) being extended, refinanced or modified 
 (d) the Indebtedness that is extended, refinanced or modified is not recourse to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is liable on account of the obligations other than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended 
 (e) such extension, refinancing or modification shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the assets that secured such Indebtedness being extended, refinanced or modified or, if applicable, shall be unsecured and 
 (f) such extension, refinancing or modification shall not (if secured) have a Lien priority greater than such Indebtedness being extended, refinanced or modified. 
 Permitted Restricted Payments means any of the following Restricted Payments made by 
 (a) any Loan Party to Holdings in amounts necessary to pay taxes and other customary expenses as and when due and owing by Holdings in the ordinary course of its business as a public holding company (including salaries and related reasonable and customary expenses incurred by employees of Holdings), so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the making of such payment, 
 (b) any Loan Party to any other Loan Party (other than Holdings and the Mexican Loan Parties), 
 (c) any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party (or that is the Mexican Loan Parties) to any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, 
 34 

(d) Holdings to pay dividends in the form of common Equity Interests, and 
 (e) Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments constituting Restricted Payments. 
 Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments means, collectively, the Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments, as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Permitted Specified Liens means Permitted Liens described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens, and, solely in the case of Section 7.01(b)(i), including clauses (g), (h) and (i) of the definition of Permitted Liens. 
 Person means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, joint venture or other enterprise or entity or Governmental Authority. 
 Petty Cash Accounts means Cash Management Accounts with deposits at any time in an aggregate amount not in excess of 50,000 for any one account and 150,000 in the aggregate for all such accounts. 
 Post-Default Rate means a rate of interest per annum equal to the rate of interest otherwise in effect from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement plus 2.00 , or, if a rate of interest is not otherwise in effect, interest at the highest rate specified herein for any Loan then outstanding prior to an Event of Default plus 2.00 . 
 PPP Indebtedness means, collectively, certain Indebtedness pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program of the Small Business Administration (a) between Bank of America, as lender, and AgileThought, LLC, as borrower, in the original aggregate principal amount of 310,000, (b) between Bank of America, as lender, and AN USA LLC, as borrower, in the original aggregate principal amount of 42,000 and (c) between Bank of America, as lender, and AGS Alpama Global Services LLC, as borrower, in the original aggregate principal amount of 8,000. 
 Pro Rata Share means, with respect to 
 (a) a Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (A) such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, by (B) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, provided , that, if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances) and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances), 
 (b) a Lender s obligation to make the Term Loan and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) such Lender s Term Loan Commitment, by (ii) the Total Term Loan Commitment, provided that if the Total Term Loan Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s portion of the Term Loan and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, and 
 35 

(c) all other matters (including, without limitation, the indemnification obligations arising under Section 10.05), the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the sum of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and the unpaid principal amount of such Lender s portion of the Term Loan, by (ii) the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, provided , that, if such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances) and if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances). 
 Projections means financial projections of Holdings and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(g)(ii), as updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii). 
 Project Thunder means the fundamental changes described on Schedule 7.02(c). 
 Purchase Price means, with respect to any Acquisition, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate consideration, whether cash, property or securities (including, without limitation, the fair market value of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries issued in connection with such Acquisition), paid or delivered by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration, including, without limitation, in the form of seller financing, royalty payments, payments allocated towards non-compete covenants, payments to principals for consulting services or other similar payments) in connection with such Acquisition, plus (b) the aggregate amount of liabilities of the acquired business (net of current assets of the acquired business) that would be reflected on a balance sheet (if such were to be prepared) of Holdings and its Subsidiaries after giving effect to such Acquisition, plus (c) the aggregate amount of all transaction fees, costs and expenses incurred by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Acquisition. 
 Qualified Cash means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash on-hand of the Loan Parties (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) maintained in deposit accounts in the name of a Loan Party in the United States as of such date, which deposit accounts are, subject to Section 7.01(r), subject to Control Agreements. 
 Qualified Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Real Property Deliverables means each of the following agreements, instruments and other documents in respect of each Facility, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (a) a Mortgage duly executed by the applicable Loan Party, 
 (b) evidence of the recording of each Mortgage in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the Lien purported to be created thereby or to otherwise protect the rights of the Collateral Agent and the Lenders thereunder 
 36 

(c) a Title Insurance Policy or bring-down of the existing Title Insurance Policy with respect to each Mortgage, dated as of the date such Title Insurance Policy is required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent hereunder 
 (d) a current ALTA survey and a surveyor s certificate, certified to the Collateral Agent and to the issuer of the Title Insurance Policy with respect thereto by a professional surveyor licensed in the state in which such Facility is located and reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent 
 (e) in the case of a leasehold interest, a certified copy of the Lease between the landlord and such Person with respect to such real property in which such Person has a leasehold interest 
 (f) a zoning report issued by a provider reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent or a copy of each letter issued by the applicable Governmental Authority, evidencing each Facility s compliance with all applicable Requirements of Law, together with a copy of all certificates of occupancy issued with respect to each Facility 
 (g) an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in the state where such Facility is located with respect to the enforceability of the Mortgage to be recorded and such other matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request 
 (h) a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment prepared in accordance with the United States Environmental Protection Agency Standards and Practices for All Appropriate Inquiries under Section 101(3)(B) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act as referenced in 40 CFR Part 312 and ASTM E-1527-13 Standard Practice for Environmental Assessments Phase I ESA (and if reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent based upon the results of such Phase I ESA, a Phase II Environmental Site Assessment), by a nationally-recognized environmental consulting firm, reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and 
 (i) such other agreements, instruments, appraisals and other documents (including guarantees and opinions of counsel) as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require. 
 Recipient means any Agent and any Lender, as applicable. 
 Reference Rate means, for any period, the greatest of (a) 2.00 per annum, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 per annum, (c) Adjusted Term SOFR (which rate shall be calculated based upon an Interest Period of one month and shall be determined on a daily basis) plus 1.00 per annum, and (d) the rate last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Reference Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 
 Reference Rate Loan means each portion of a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Reference Rate. 
 Register has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(f). 
 37 

Registered Intellectual Property means Intellectual Property that is issued, registered, renewed or the subject of a pending application. 
 Regulation T , Regulation U and Regulation X mean, respectively, Regulations T, U and X of the Board or any successor, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 Related Fund means, with respect to any Person, an Affiliate of such Person, or a fund or account managed by such Person or an Affiliate of such Person. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the direct and indirect equityholders, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, consultants, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, seeping, migrating, dumping or disposing of any Hazardous Material (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, containers and other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material) into the indoor or outdoor environment, including, without limitation, the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in any environmental media, including the indoor or outdoor air, soil, surface or ground water, sediments or property. 
 Remedial Action means any action (a) to correct, mitigate, or address any actual, alleged or threatened violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit, or (b) to clean up, remove, remediate, mitigate, abate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, investigate, prevent, minimize or in any other way address any environmental condition or the actual, alleged or threatened presence, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials (including the performance of pre-remedial studies and investigations and post-remedial operation and maintenance activities). 
 Replacement Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(c). 
 Reportable Event means an event described in Section 4043 of ERISA (other than an event not subject to the provision for 30-day notice to the PBGC under the regulations promulgated under such Section). 
 Required Lenders means Lenders whose Pro Rata Shares (calculated in accordance with clause (c) of the definition thereof) aggregate at least 50.1 . 
 Required Prepayment Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(g). 
 Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and any and all federal, state, provincial, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities), and the interpretation 
 38 

or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Restricted Payment means (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, together with any payment or distribution pursuant to a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, (b) the making of any repurchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (c) the making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition of shares of any class of Equity Interests of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (d) the return of any Equity Interests to any shareholders or other equity holders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or the making of any other distribution of property, assets, shares of Equity Interests, warrants, rights, options, obligations or securities thereto as such or (e) the payment of any management, consulting, monitoring or advisory fees or any other fees or expenses (including the reimbursement thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries) pursuant to any management, consulting, monitoring, advisory or other services agreement to any of the shareholders or other equityholders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, or to any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of any Loan Party. 
 Revenue means, for any period, the aggregate amount received by Holdings and its Subsidiaries during such period for the sale of good and or the provision of services, determined in compliance with Accounting Standards Codification 606 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers) published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 Revolving Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name in Schedule 1.01(A) hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amount may be terminated, reduced or increased (pursuant to Section 2.05) from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 Revolving Loan means a loan made by a Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(i) and any Incremental Revolving Loans. 
 Revolving Loan Lender means a Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment or a Revolving Loan. 
 Revolving Loan Obligations means any Obligations with respect to the Revolving Loans (including without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto). 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, with respect to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred. 
 39 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory that is the subject or target of any Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (which, as of the Effective Date, include Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in OFAC s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, OFAC s Sectoral Sanctions Identification List, and any other Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) a Person that resides in, is organized in or located in, or has a place of business in, a country or territory named on any list referred to in clause (a) of this definition or a country or territory that is designated as a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through any such jurisdiction (each of the foregoing in this clause (b), a Sanction Target ), or a Person that owns 50 or more of the Equity Interests of, or is otherwise controlled by, or is acting on behalf of, one or more Sanction Targets, (c) any Person with whom or with which a U.S. Person is prohibited from dealing under any of the Sanctions, or (d) any Person owned or controlled by any Person or Persons described in clause (a) or (b). 
 Sanctions means Requirements of Law concerning or relating to economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the European Union, or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other similar or successor agency of the Federal government administering the Securities Act. 
 Second Period has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Applicable Premium . 
 Secured Party means any Agent and any Lender. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect from time to time. Securitization has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(l). 
 Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by the Loan Parties (other than the Mexican Loan Parties in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties securing the Obligations). 
 Seller means any Person that sells Equity Interests or other property or assets to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party in a Permitted Acquisition. 
 Settlement Period has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(d)(i) hereof. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org (or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the administrator of the secured overnight financing rate from time to time). 
 40 

SOFR Deadline has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.08(a) hereof. 
 SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 SOFR Notice has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.08(a) hereof. 
 SOFR Option has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.08(a) hereof. 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is not less than the total amount of the liabilities of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute unreasonably small capital. 
 Standard & Poor s means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means Indebtedness of any Loan Party the terms of which (including, without limitation, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, defaults and other material terms) are satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders and which has been expressly subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness of such Loan Party under the Loan Documents (a) by the execution and delivery of a subordination agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders, or (b) otherwise on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person at any date, any corporation, limited or general partnership, limited liability company, trust, estate, association, joint venture or other business entity (a) the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Person s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP or (b) of which more than 50 of (i) the outstanding Equity Interests having (in the absence of contingencies) ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership or limited liability company or (iii) in the case of a trust, estate, association, joint venture or other entity, the beneficial interest in such trust, estate, association or other entity business is, at the time of determination, owned or controlled directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, by such Person. References to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Loan Parties (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Excluded Foreign Subsidiaries and Immaterial Subsidiaries) unless the context expressly provides otherwise. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 41 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, with Holdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Loan means, collectively, the loans made by the Term Loan Lenders to the Borrower on the Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(ii). 
 Term Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Term Loan to the Borrower in the amount set forth in Schedule 1.01(A) hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as the same may be terminated or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 Term Loan Lender means a Lender with a Term Loan Commitment or a Term Loan. 
 Term Loan Obligations means any Obligations with respect to the Term Loan (including, without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto). 
 Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a three-month tenor on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day provided that if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage per annum equal to 0.26161 for the Interest Period of three months. 
 Termination Date means the first date on which all of the Obligations are paid in full in cash and the Commitments of the Lenders are terminated. 
 Third Period has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Applicable Premium . 
 Title Insurance Policy means a mortgagee s loan policy, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, together with all endorsements made from time to time thereto, issued to the Collateral Agent by or on behalf of a title insurance company selected by or otherwise satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, insuring the Lien created by a Mortgage in an amount and on terms and with such endorsements satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, delivered to the Collateral Agent. 
 42 

Total Commitment means the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the Total Term Loan Commitment. 
 Total Revolving Credit Commitment means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Total Term Loan Commitment means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders Term Loan Commitments. 
 UCC Filing Authorization Letter means a letter duly executed by each Loan Party authorizing the Collateral Agent to file appropriate financing statements on Form UCC-1 without the signature of such Loan Party in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests purported to be created by each Security Agreement and each Mortgage. 
 Holdings has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
 Uniform Commercial Code or UCC has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.04. 
 Unpaid Taxes means the liabilities listed on Schedule 6.01(j). 
 Unused Line Fee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.07(b). 
 USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (PATRIOT) Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, Oct. 26, 2001)) as amended by the USA Patriot Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Pub. L. 109-177, March 9, 2006) and as the same may have been or may be further renewed, extended, amended, or replaced. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 VCOC Management Rights Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.01(d). 
 Waivable Mandatory Prepayment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(g). 
 WARN has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(p). 
 Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 Working Capital means, at any date of determination thereof, (a) the sum, for any Person and its Subsidiaries, of (i) the unpaid face amount of all Accounts of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of prepaid expenses and other current assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination (other than cash, Cash Equivalents and any Indebtedness owing to such Person or any of its Subsidiaries by Affiliates of such Person), minus (b) the sum, for such Person and its Subsidiaries, of (i) the unpaid amount of all accounts payable of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination, plus (ii) the aggregate 
 43 

amount of all accrued expenses of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination (other than the current portion of long-term debt and all accrued interest and taxes). 
 Section 1.02 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any right or interest in or to assets and properties of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible. 
 Section 1.03 Certain Matters of Construction . References in this Agreement to determination by any Agent include good faith estimates by such Agent (in the case of quantitative determinations) and good faith beliefs by such Agent (in the case of qualitative determinations). A Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which such Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement and an Event of Default shall continue or be continuing until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by the Required Lenders. Any Lien referred to in this Agreement or any other Loan Document as having been created in favor of any Agent, any agreement entered into by any Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any payment made by or to or funds received by any Agent pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any act taken or omitted to be taken by any Agent, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be created, entered into, made or received, or taken or omitted, for the benefit or account of the Agents and the Lenders. Wherever the phrase to the knowledge of any Loan Party or words of similar import relating to the knowledge or the awareness of any Loan Party are used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, such phrase shall mean and refer to (i) the actual knowledge of a senior officer of any Loan Party or (ii) the knowledge that a senior officer would have obtained if such officer had engaged in good faith and diligent performance of such officer s duties, including the making of such reasonably specific inquiries as may be necessary of the employees or agents of such Loan Party and a good faith attempt to ascertain the existence or accuracy of the matter to which such phrase relates. All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a default if such action is taken or condition exists. In addition, all representations and warranties hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular representation or warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation or warranty concerning the same or similar subject matter is correct or is not breached will not affect the incorrectness of a breach of a representation or warranty hereunder. 
 44 

Section 1.04 Accounting and Other Terms . 
 a. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, each accounting term used herein shall have the meaning given it under GAAP. For purposes of determining compliance with any incurrence or expenditure tests set forth in Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 7.03, any amounts so incurred or expended (to the extent incurred or expended in a currency other than Dollars) shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Agents or, in the event no such service is selected, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Agents) as in effect on the date of such incurrence or expenditure under any provision of any such Section that has an aggregate Dollar limitation provided for therein (and to the extent the respective incurrence or expenditure test regulates the aggregate amount outstanding at any time and it is expressed in terms of Dollars, all outstanding amounts originally incurred or spent in currencies other than Dollars shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Agents or, in the event no such service is selected, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Agents) as in effect on the date of any new incurrence or expenditures made under any provision of any such Section that regulates the Dollar amount outstanding at any time). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) with respect to the accounting for leases as either operating leases or capital leases and the impact of such accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 842 on the definitions and covenants herein, GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018 shall be applied, (ii) for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded and (iii) with respect to revenue recognition and the impact of such accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 606 on the definitions and covenants herein, GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2017 shall be applied. 
 b. All terms used in this Agreement which are defined in Article 8 or Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York (the Uniform Commercial Code or the UCC and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as set forth therein, provided that terms used herein which are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York on the date hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of such statute except as any Agent may otherwise determine. 
 Section 1.05 Time References . Unless otherwise indicated herein, all references to time of day refer to Eastern Standard Time or Eastern daylight saving time, as in effect in New York City on such day. For purposes of the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each means to but excluding provided , however , that with respect to a computation of fees or interest payable to any Secured Party, such period shall in any event consist of at least one full day. 
 Section 1.06 Obligation to Make Payments in Dollars . All payments to be made by any Loan Party of principal, interest, fees and other Obligations under any Loan Document shall be made in Dollars in same day funds, and no obligation of any Loan Party to make any such payment shall be discharged or satisfied by any payment other than payments made in Dollars in same day funds. 
 45 

ARTICLE II THE LOANS 
 Section 2.01 Commitments . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions and relying upon the representations and warranties herein set forth 
 i. each Revolving Loan Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower at any time and from time to time during the term of this Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and 
 ii. each Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make the Term Loan to the Borrower on the Effective Date, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount of such Lender s Term Loan Commitment. 
 No portion of any Loan will be funded (initially or through participation, assignment, transfer or securitization) with plan assets of any plan covered by ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code if it would cause the Borrower or any Guarantor to incur any prohibited transaction excise tax penalties under Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 b. Notwithstanding the foregoing 
 i. The aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding at any time to the Borrower shall not exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. The Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender shall automatically and permanently be reduced to zero on the Final Maturity Date. Within the foregoing limits, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow, the Revolving Loans on or after the Effective Date and prior to the Final Maturity Date, subject to the terms, provisions and limitations set forth herein. No Revolving Loans shall be advanced on the Effective Date. 
 ii. The aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan made on the Effective Date shall not exceed the Total Term Loan Commitment. Any principal amount of the Term Loan which is repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 
 Section 2.02 Making the Loans . (a) The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prior notice in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (a Notice of Borrowing or such other form approved by the Administrative Agent, not later than 12 00 noon (New York City time) on the date which is (i) in the case of the Term Loan, three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date and (ii) three (3) Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Loan (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent is willing to accommodate from time to time, but in no event later than 12 00 noon (New York City time) on the borrowing date of the proposed Loan). Such Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the principal amount of the proposed Loan, (ii) whether such Loan is requested to be a Revolving Loan or the Term Loan, (iii) whether the Loan is requested to be a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan, (iv) the use of the proceeds of such proposed Loan, (v) Borrower s account wiring instructions, and (vi) the proposed borrowing date, which must be a Business Day, and, with respect to the Term Loan, must be the Effective Date. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders may act without liability upon the basis of written notice believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from the Borrower (or from any Authorized Officer thereof designated in writing purportedly from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent). The Borrower hereby waives the right to dispute the Administrative Agent s record of the terms of any such Notice of Borrowing. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any Authorized Officer s authority to request a 
 46 

Loan on behalf of the Borrower until the Administrative Agent receives written notice to the contrary. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have no duty to verify the authenticity of the signature appearing on any written Notice of Borrowing. 
 b. Each Notice of Borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.02 shall be irrevocable and the Borrower shall be bound to make a borrowing in accordance therewith. Each Revolving Loan shall be made in a minimum amount of 500,000 and shall be in an integral multiple of 100,000. 
 c. (i) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.02(c), all Loans under this Agreement shall be made by the Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their Pro Rata Shares of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment or the Total Term Loan Commitment, as the case may be, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in that other Lender s obligations to make a Loan requested hereunder, nor shall the Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of the default by any other Lender in that other Lender s obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder, and each Lender shall be obligated to make the Loans required to be made by it by the terms of this Agreement regardless of the failure by any other Lender. 
 ii. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and in order to reduce the number of fund transfers among the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders, the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders agree that the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), and the Borrower and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to, fund, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.01, subject to the procedures for settlement set forth in Section 2.02(d) provided , however , that (A) the Administrative Agent shall in no event fund any such Revolving Loans if the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders on the Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Loan that one or more of the conditions precedent contained in Section 5.02 will not be satisfied at the time of the proposed Revolving Loan, and (B) the Administrative Agent shall not otherwise be required to determine that, or take notice whether, the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied. If the Borrower gives a Notice of Borrowing requesting a Revolving Loan and the Administrative Agent elects not to fund such Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, then promptly after receipt of the Notice of Borrowing requesting such Revolving Loan, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the specifics of the requested Revolving Loan and that it will not fund the requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders. If the Administrative Agent notifies the Revolving Loan Lenders that it will not fund a requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, each Revolving Loan Lender shall make its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loan available to the Administrative Agent, in immediately available funds, in the Administrative Agent s Accounts no later than 3 00 p.m. (New York City time) (provided that the Administrative Agent requests payment from such Revolving Loan Lender not later than 1 00 p.m. (New York City time)) on the date of the proposed Revolving Loan. The Administrative Agent will make the proceeds of such Revolving Loans available to the Borrower on the day of the proposed Revolving Loan by causing an amount, in immediately available funds, equal to the proceeds of all such Revolving Loans received by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agent s Accounts or the amount funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders to be wired to an account designated by the Borrower. 
 iii. If the Administrative Agent has notified the Revolving Loan Lenders that the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, will not fund a particular Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.02(c)(ii), the Administrative Agent may assume that each such Revolving Loan Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such day and the 
 47 

Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may, but shall not be obligated to, cause a corresponding amount to be made available to the Borrower on such day. If the Administrative Agent makes such corresponding amount available to the Borrower and such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by any such Revolving Loan Lender, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for three (3) Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate. During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account. Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Borrower of such failure and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent for its own account. 
 iv. Nothing in this Section 2.02(c) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligations to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder. 
 d. (i) With respect to all periods for which the Administrative Agent has funded Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.02(c), on Friday of each week, or if the applicable Friday is not a Business Day, then on the following Business Day, or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may from time to time select (any such week or shorter period being herein called a Settlement Period ), the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding as of the last day of each such Settlement Period. In the event that such amount is greater than the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding on the last day of the Settlement Period immediately preceding such Settlement Period (or, if there has been no preceding Settlement Period, the amount of the Revolving Loans made on the date of such Revolving Loan Lender s initial funding), each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly (and in any event not later than 2 00 p.m. (New York City time) if the Administrative Agent requests payment from such Lender not later than 12 00 noon (New York City time) on such day) make available to the Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds. In the event that such amount is less than such unpaid principal amount, the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay over to each Revolving Loan Lender its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds. In addition, if the Administrative Agent shall so request at any time when a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or any other event shall have occurred as a result of which the Administrative Agent shall determine that it is desirable to present claims against the Borrower for repayment, each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly remit to the Administrative Agent or, as the case may be, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to each Revolving Loan Lender, sufficient funds to adjust the interests of the Revolving Loan Lenders in the then outstanding Revolving Loans to such an extent that, after giving effect to such adjustment, each such Revolving Loan Lender s interest in the then outstanding Revolving Loans will be equal to its Pro Rata Share thereof. The obligations of the Administrative Agent and each Revolving Loan Lender under this Section 2.02(d) shall be absolute and unconditional. Each Revolving Loan Lender shall only be entitled to receive interest on its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans which have been funded by such Revolving Loan Lender. 
 48 

ii. In the event that any Revolving Loan Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.02(d)(i), the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for three (3) Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate. During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account. Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Borrower of such failure and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent for its own account. Nothing in this Section 2.02(d)(ii) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder. 
 Section 2.03 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . (a) The outstanding principal of all Revolving Loans shall be due and payable on the Final Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they are declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 b. The outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan shall be repayable (w) in an aggregate amount equal to 15,000,000 on or prior to April 15, 2023, (x) in an aggregate amount equal to 20,000,000 (inclusive of the amount specified in clause (w)) on or prior to June 15, 2023 (y) in an aggregate amount equal to 25,000,000 (inclusive of the amounts specified in clauses (w) and (x)) on or prior to September 15, 2023 and (z) in consecutive quarterly installments on the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter of Holdings and its Subsidiaries starting with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023, each in an amount equal to 687,500.00 provided , however , that the last such installment of principal required to be repaid in accordance with clause (z) above shall be in the amount necessary to repay in full the unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. The outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, together with all other Obligations, shall be due and payable on the earliest of (i) the termination of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, (ii) the Final Maturity Date and (iii) the date on which the Term Loan is declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 c. Each Lender shall maintain, in accordance with its usual practice, an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 d. The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 e. The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(c) or Section 2.03(d) shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that (i) the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts 
 49 

or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) in the event of any conflict between the entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(c) and the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d), the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d) shall govern and control. 
 f. Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) in a form furnished by the Collateral Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 12.07) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 Section 2.04 Interest . 
 a. Revolving Loans . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Borrower, each Revolving Loan shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan. Each Revolving Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin. Each Revolving Loan that is a SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. 
 b. Term Loan . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Borrower, the Term Loan or any portion thereof shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan. Each portion of the Term Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin, and each portion of the Term Loan that is a SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. 
 c. Default Interest . To the extent permitted by law and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the principal of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all Loans, fees, indemnities or any other Obligations of the Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall bear interest, from the date such Event of Default occurred until the date such Event of Default is cured or waived in writing in accordance herewith, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the Post-Default Rate. 
 d. Interest Payment . Interest on each Loan shall be payable (i) in the case of a Reference Rate Loan, monthly, in arrears, on the last Business Day of each month, commencing on the last Business Day of the month following the month in which such Loan is made, (ii) in the case of a SOFR Loan, on the last day of the then effective Interest Period applicable to such Loan and (iii) in the case of each Loan, at maturity (whether upon demand, by acceleration or otherwise). Interest at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable on demand. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account pursuant to Section 4.01 with the amount of any interest payment due hereunder. 
 50 

e. General . All interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days, including the first day but excluding the last day, elapsed. For the avoidance of doubt, no date of payment shall be included in any computation. 
 Section 2.05 Increase in Revolving Credit Commitment . 
 a. The Borrower may request an increase in Revolving Credit Commitments from the existing Revolving Loan Lenders from time to time upon not less than 15 days written notice to Administrative Agent and the Revolving Loan Lenders, as long as (i) the requested increase is offered on the same terms as the existing Revolving Credit Commitments, (ii) such new Revolving Credit Commitments shall be available at any time prior to the Final Maturity Date, (iii) the Revolving Loan made pursuant to such Revolving Credit Commitments are used for the general corporate purposes of the Borrower (including in connection with Permitted Acquisitions), and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Loan Lenders consent in their sole discretion to such increase at the time of the request thereof (any Revolving Loans extended pursuant to this Section 2.05, Incremental Revolving Loans ). 
 b. Upon satisfaction of the criteria set forth in Section 2.05(a), Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the existing Revolving Loan Lenders of the requested increase and, within 3 Business Days thereafter, each existing Revolving Loan Lender shall notify Administrative Agent in writing if and to what extent such existing Revolving Loan Lenders commits to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment. Any existing Revolving Loan Lenders not responding within such period shall be deemed to have declined an increase. For the avoidance of doubt, no existing Revolving Loan Lender shall be obligated to participate in any extension of Incremental Revolving Loans. All such increased Revolving Credit Commitments among committing Revolving Loan Lenders in connection with Incremental Revolving Loans shall be allocated on a pro rata basis (in accordance with such Revolving Loan Lenders Pro Rata Shares of the current Revolving Credit Commitments) between such participating Revolving Loan Lenders (or on such other basis as the participating Revolving Loan Lenders agree in their sole discretion). The Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall be increased by the requested amount (or such lesser amount committed) on a date agreed upon by Administrative Agent, the participating Revolving Loan Lenders and the Borrower and all such Incremental Revolving Loans made shall be deemed a Revolving Loan hereunder. The Administrative Agent, the Borrower, and the existing Revolving Loan Lenders making new Revolving Loans shall execute and deliver such customary documents and agreements as Administrative Agent deems reasonably appropriate to evidence the increase in and allocations of Revolving Credit Commitments. On the effective date of any such increase, the outstanding Revolving Loans and other exposures under the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be reallocated among Revolving Loan Lenders, and settled by Administrative Agent as necessary, in accordance with Revolving Loan Lenders adjusted shares of such Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Section 2.06 Reduction of Commitment Prepayment of Loans . 
 a. Reduction of Commitments . 
 i. Revolving Credit Commitments . The Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall terminate on the Final Maturity Date. The Borrower may reduce the Total Revolving Credit Commitment to an amount (which may be zero) not less than the sum of (A) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans then outstanding, and (B) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans not yet made as to which a Notice of Borrowing has been given by the Borrower under Section 2.02. Each such reduction shall be (1) in an amount which is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 (or by the full amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment in effect immediately prior to such 
 51 

reduction if such amount at that time is less than 1,000,000), (2) made by providing prior to 5 00 p.m. New York City time, not less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, (3) irrevocable and (4) accompanied by the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. Once reduced, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment may not be increased. Each such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall reduce the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender proportionately in accordance with its Pro Rata Share thereof. 
 ii. Term Loan . The Total Term Loan Commitment shall terminate at 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Effective Date. 
 b. Optional Prepayment . 
 i. Revolving Loans . The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, upon written notice delivered by 5 00 p.m. New York City time, ten Business Days prior to the proposed prepayment date, prepay the principal of any Revolving Loan, in whole or in part. Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(i) in connection with a reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.06(a)(i) above shall be accompanied by the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 ii. Term Loan . The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, prepay the principal of the Term Loan, in whole or in part. Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(ii) shall be accompanied by the payment of (A) accrued interest to the date of such payment on the amount prepaid and (B) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Term Loan. Each such prepayment shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal due on the Term Loan in the inverse order of maturity. 
 iii. Termination of Agreement . The Borrower may, upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate this Agreement by paying to the Administrative Agent, in full in cash, the Obligations, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement. If the Borrower has sent a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iii), then the Lenders obligations to extend credit hereunder shall terminate and the Borrower shall be obligated to repay the Obligations, in full in cash, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement on the date set forth as the date of termination of this Agreement in such notice. 
 c. Mandatory Prepayment . 
 i. Within three (3) Business Days after the delivery to the Agents and the Lenders of audited annual financial statements pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), commencing with the delivery to the Agents and the Lenders of the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 or, if such financial statements are not delivered to the Agents and the Lenders on the date such statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), by the date three (3) Business Days after the date such statements are required to be delivered to the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to the result of (to the extent positive) (1) ECF Percentage of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year minus (2) the aggregate principal amount of all payments made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06(b) for such Fiscal Year (in the case of 
 52 

payments made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(i), only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments). 
 ii. Immediately upon any Disposition (excluding Dispositions which qualify as Permitted Dispositions under clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) or (j) of the definition of Permitted Disposition) by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such Disposition to the extent that the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (and not paid to the Administrative Agent as a prepayment of the Loans) shall exceed for all such Dispositions 250,000 in any Fiscal Year. Nothing contained in this Section 2.06(c)(ii) shall permit any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to make a Disposition of any property other than in accordance with Section 7.02(c)(ii). 
 iii. Immediately upon the receipt of Net Cash Proceeds (A) from the issuance or incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness), the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith or (B) upon an Equity Issuance (other than any Excluded Equity Issuances), the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 25 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith. The provisions of this Section 2.06(c)(iii) shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such issuance, incurrence or sale otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 iv. Immediately upon the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Extraordinary Receipts, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith. 
 v. Immediately upon receipt by the Borrower of the proceeds of any Permitted Cure Equity pursuant to Section 9.02, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(d) in an amount equal to 100 of such proceeds. 
 vi. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Net Cash Proceeds received by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a Disposition or the receipt of Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards that are required to be used to prepay the Obligations pursuant to Section 2.06(c)(ii) or Section 2.06(c)(iv), as the case may be, up to 250,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year of the Net Cash Proceeds from all such Dispositions and Extraordinary Receipts shall not be required to be so used to prepay the Obligations to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds are used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets (other than current assets) used in such Person s business, provided that, (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date such Person receives such Net Cash Proceeds, (B) the Borrower delivers a certificate to the Administrative Agent within five (5) days after such Disposition or loss, destruction or taking, as the case may be, stating that such Net Cash Proceeds shall be used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets used in such Person s business within a period specified in such certificate not to exceed 120 days after the date of receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (which certificate shall set forth estimates of the Net Cash Proceeds to be so expended) provided that such Net Cash Proceeds shall actually be reinvested within an additional 90 days thereafter, (C) such Net Cash Proceeds are deposited in an account subject to a Control Agreement, and (D) upon the earlier of (1) the expiration of the period 
 53 

specified in the relevant certificate furnished to the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (B) above or (2) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default, such Net Cash Proceeds, if not theretofore so used, shall be used to prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.06(c)(ii) or Section 2.06(c)(iv) as applicable 
 d. Application of Payments . Each prepayment pursuant to subsections (c)(i), (c)(ii), (c)(iii), (c)(iv) and (c)(v) above shall be applied, first , to the Term Loan, until paid in full, and second , to the Revolving Loans (with a corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitments), until paid in full in cash. Each such prepayment of the Term Loan shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal of the Term Loan in the inverse order of maturity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, if the Administrative Agent has elected, or has been directed by the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders, to apply payments in respect of any Obligations in accordance with Section 4.03(b), prepayments required under Section 2.06(c) shall be applied in the manner set forth in Section 4.03(b). 
 e. Interest and Fees . Any prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest on the principal amount being prepaid to the date of prepayment, (ii) any Funding Losses payable pursuant to Section 2.09, (iii) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Loans to the extent required under Section 2.07(c) and (iv) if such prepayment would reduce the amount of the outstanding Loans to zero at a time when the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been terminated, such prepayment shall be accompanied by the payment of all fees accrued to such date pursuant to Section 2.07. 
 f. Cumulative Prepayments . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.06, payments with respect to any subsection of this Section 2.06 are in addition to payments made or required to be made under any other subsection of this Section 2.06. 
 g. Waivable Mandatory Prepayments . Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the Borrower are required to make any mandatory prepayment (a Waivable Mandatory Prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.06(c), not less than 12 00 noon (New York City time) two (2) Business Days prior to the date on which the Borrower are required to make such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment (the Required Prepayment Date ), the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of the amount of such prepayment, and the Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter notify each Lender of the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment and such Lender s option to refuse such amount. Each such Lender may exercise such option by giving written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of its election to do so on or before 12 00 noon (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the Required Prepayment Date (it being understood that any Lender that does not notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of its election to exercise such option on or before 12 00 noon (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the Required Prepayment Date shall be deemed to have elected, as of such date, not to exercise such option). On the Required Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent the amount of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment, which amount shall be applied (i) in an amount equal to that portion of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment payable to those Lenders that have elected not to exercise such option, to prepay the Loans of such Lenders (which prepayment shall be applied to prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.06(d)) and (ii) to the extent of any excess, to the Borrower for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 Section 2.07 Fees . 
 54 

a. Reserved . 
 b. Unused Line Fee . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent an unused line fee (the Unused Line Fee for the account of each Revolving Loan Lender, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to 2 on the amount of the undrawn portion of the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which the Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments terminate. The Unused Line Fee shall accrue through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be due and payable in arrears on the such last day and on the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. 
 c. Applicable Premium . 
 i. Upon the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, the Applicable Premium. 
 ii. Any Applicable Premium payable in accordance with this Section 2.07(c) shall be presumed to be equal to the liquidated damages sustained by the Lenders as the result of the occurrence of the Applicable Premium Trigger Event and the Loan Parties agree that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. THE LOAN PARTIES EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING APPLICABLE PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCELERATION. 
 iii. The Loan Parties expressly agree that (A) the Applicable Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arm s length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel (B) the Applicable Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time payment is made (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Loan Parties giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Applicable Premium (D) the Loan Parties shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph (E) their agreement to pay the Applicable Premium is a material inducement to Lenders to provide the Commitments and make the Loans, and (F) the Applicable Premium represents a good faith, reasonable estimate and calculation of the lost profits or damages of the Agents and the Lenders and that it would be impractical and extremely difficult to ascertain the actual amount of damages to the Agents and the Lenders or profits lost by the Agents and the Lenders as a result of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event. 
 iv. Nothing contained in this Section 2.07(c) shall permit any prepayment of the Loans or reduction of the Commitments not otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 d. Audit and Collateral Monitoring Fees . The Borrower acknowledges that pursuant to Section 7.01(f), representatives of the Agents may, upon reasonable advance notice, visit any or all of the Loan Parties and or conduct inspections, audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals, environmental site assessments and or examinations of any or all of the Loan Parties at any reasonable time and from time to time. The Borrower agrees to pay (i) 1,500 per day per examiner plus the examiner s out-of-pocket costs and reasonable expenses incurred in connection with all such visits, inspections, audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals, environmental site assessments and or 
 55 

examinations and (ii) the cost of all visits, inspections, audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals, environmental site assessments and or examinations conducted by a third party on behalf of the Agents). 
 e. Fee Letter . As and when due and payable under the terms of the Fee Letter, the Borrower shall pay the fees set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 Section 2.08 SOFR Option . 
 a. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, elect to have interest on all or a portion of the Loans be charged at a rate of interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR (the SOFR Option by notifying the Administrative Agent in writing prior to 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) Business Days prior to (i) the proposed borrowing date of a Loan (as provided in Section 2.02), (ii) in the case of the conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan, the commencement of the proposed Interest Period or (iii) in the case of the continuation of a SOFR Loan as a SOFR Loan, the last day of the then current Interest Period (the SOFR Deadline ). Notice of the Borrower s election of the SOFR Option for a permitted portion of the Loans pursuant to this Section 2.08(a) shall be made by delivery to the Administrative Agent of (A) a Notice of Borrowing (in the case of the initial making of a Loan) in accordance with Section 2.02 or (B) a notice in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto (a SOFR Notice prior to the SOFR Deadline. Promptly upon its receipt of each such SOFR Notice, the Administrative Agent shall provide a copy thereof to each of the Lenders. Each SOFR Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. 
 b. Interest on SOFR Loans shall be payable in accordance with Section 2.04(d). On the last day of each applicable Interest Period, unless the Borrower properly have exercised the SOFR Option with respect thereto, the interest rate applicable to such SOFR Loans automatically shall convert to the rate of interest then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder. At any time that a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower no longer shall have the option to request that any portion of the Loans bear interest at Adjusted Term SOFR and the Administrative Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to convert the interest rate on all outstanding SOFR Loans to the rate of interest then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder on the last day of the then current Interest Period. 
 c. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrower (i) shall have not more than three (3) SOFR Loans in effect at any given time, and (ii) only may exercise the SOFR Option for SOFR Loans of at least 500,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof. 
 d. The Borrower may prepay SOFR Loans at any time provided , however , that in the event that SOFR Loans are prepaid on any date that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, including as a result of any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.06(c) or any application of payments or proceeds of Collateral in accordance with Section 4.03 or Section 4.04 or for any other reason, including early termination of the term of this Agreement or acceleration of all or any portion of the Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, the Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders and their participants harmless against any and all Funding Losses in accordance with Section 2.09. 
 e. Reserved . 
 56 

f. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. The parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy any applicable IRS guidance, including Treasury Regulation Section 1.1001-6 and any future guidance, to the effect that the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement will not result in a deemed exchange for U.S. federal income tax purposes of any Loan under this Agreement for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 g. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 h. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.08, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 i. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 j. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Reference Rate Loans. 
 Section 2.09 Funding Losses . In connection with each SOFR Loan, the Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders harmless against any loss, cost, or expense incurred by any Agent or any Lender as a result of (a) the payment of any principal of any SOFR Loan 
 57 

other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default or any mandatory prepayment required pursuant to Section 2.06(c)), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default), or (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan on the date specified in any Notice of Borrowing or SOFR Notice delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, and expenses, collectively, Funding Losses ). Funding Losses shall, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, be deemed to equal the amount reasonably determined by such Agent or such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such SOFR Loan had such event not occurred, at Adjusted Term SOFR that would have been applicable thereto, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period therefor), minus (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Agent or such Lender would be offered were it to be offered, at the commencement of such period, Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period in the London interbank market. A certificate of an Agent or a Lender delivered to the Borrower setting forth any amount or amounts that such Agent or such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.09) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Section 2.10 Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any and all Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of any Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Taxes from or in respect of any such payment, (i) the applicable Withholding Agent shall make such deduction or withholding, (ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased by the amount (an Additional Amount necessary such that after making such deduction or withholding (including deductions and with Holdings applicable to Additional Amount payable under this Section 2.10) the applicable Recipient receives the amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 b. In addition, each Loan Party shall pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law any Other Taxes, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes by any Secured Party. 
 c. The Loan Parties hereby jointly and severally indemnify and agree to hold each Secured Party harmless from and against Indemnified Taxes (including, without limitation, Indemnified Taxes imposed on any amounts payable under this Section 2.10) paid or payable by such Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Secured Party and any expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. Such indemnification shall be paid within 10 days from the date on which any such Person makes written demand therefor specifying in reasonable detail the nature and amount of such Indemnified Taxes. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Secured Party (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) or on behalf of another Secured Party shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 d. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the 
 58 

Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.10(d)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 ii. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 A. any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 B. any Lender that is not a U.S. Person (a Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 1. in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 2. executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 3. in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.09(d)-1 hereto to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or 
 4. to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.09(d)-2 or Exhibit 2.09(d)-3, IRS Form W-9, or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as 
 59 

applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.09(d)-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 C. any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 D. if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 e. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.07(i) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 f. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.10 
 60 

(including by the payment of Additional Amounts pursuant to this Section 2.10), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.10 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph (f) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 g. The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 h. Promptly after any payment of Taxes by the Loan Parties to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.10, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 2.11 Increased Costs and Reduced Return . (a) If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law shall (i) subject such Secured Party, or any Person controlling such Secured Party to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to this Agreement or any Loan made by such Agent or such Lender (except for (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes), (ii) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against any Loan or against assets of or held by, or deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party or (iii) impose on such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party any other condition regarding this Agreement or any Loan, and the result of any event referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above shall be to increase the cost to such Secured Party of making any Loan, or agreeing to make any Loan, or to reduce any amount received or receivable by such Secured Party hereunder, then, upon demand by such Secured Party, the Borrower shall pay to such Secured Party such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such increased costs or reductions in amount. 
 b. If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law either (i) affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party, and such Secured Party determines that the amount of such capital is increased as a direct or indirect consequence of any Loans made or maintained, such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s other obligations hereunder, or (ii) has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s capital to a level below that which such Secured Party or such controlling Person could have achieved but for such circumstances as a consequence of any Loans made or maintained, or any agreement to make Loans, or 
 61 

such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s other obligations hereunder (in each case, taking into consideration, such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s policies with respect to capital adequacy), then, upon demand by such Secured Party, the Borrower shall pay to such Secured Party from time to time such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such cost of maintaining such increased capital or such reduction in the rate of return on such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s capital. 
 c. All amounts payable under this Section 2.11 shall bear interest from the date that is 10 days after the date of demand by any Secured Party until payment in full to such Secured Party at the Reference Rate. A certificate of such Secured Party claiming compensation under this Section 2.11, specifying the event herein above described and the nature of such event shall be submitted by such Secured Party to the Borrower, setting forth the additional amount due and an explanation of the calculation thereof, and such Secured Party s reasons for invoking the provisions of this Section 2.11, and shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error. 
 d. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.11 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.11 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine (9) months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 e. The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 Section 2.12 Changes in Law Impracticability or Illegality . 
 a. Adjusted Term SOFR may be adjusted by the Administrative Agent with respect to any Lender on a prospective basis to take into account any additional or increased costs due to changes in applicable law occurring subsequent to the commencement of the then applicable Interest Period, including changes in tax laws (except to the extent such changes result in the Lender becoming liable for Indemnified Taxes or Excluded Taxes) and changes in the reserve requirements imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), which additional or increased costs would increase the cost of funding loans bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR. In any such event, the affected Lender shall give the Borrower and the Administrative Agent notice of such a determination and adjustment and the Administrative Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and, upon its receipt of the notice from the affected Lender, the Borrower may, by notice to such affected Lender (i) require such Lender to furnish to the Borrower a statement setting forth the basis for adjusting such Adjusted Term SOFR and the method for determining the amount of such adjustment, or (ii) repay the SOFR Loans with respect to which such adjustment is made (together with any amounts due under Section 2.10). 
 b. In the event that any change in market conditions or any law, regulation, treaty, or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation of application thereof, shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of any Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for such Lender to fund or maintain SOFR Loans or to continue such funding or maintaining, or to determine or charge 
 62 

interest rates at Adjusted Term SOFR, such Lender shall give notice of such changed circumstances to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and (i) in the case of any SOFR Loans of such Lender that are outstanding, the date specified in such Lender s notice shall be deemed to be the last day of the Interest Period of such SOFR Loans, and interest upon the SOFR Loans of such Lender thereafter shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder, and (ii) the Borrower shall not be entitled to elect the SOFR Option (including in any borrowing, conversion or continuation then being requested) until such Lender determines that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical to do so. 
 c. The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.12 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 ARTICLE III INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 
 ARTICLE IV APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS DEFAULTING LENDERS 
 Section 4.01 Payments Computations and Statements . (a) The Borrower will make each payment under this Agreement not later than 12 00 noon (New York City time) on the day when due, in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent s Accounts. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 12 00 noon (New York City time) on any Business Day, may, in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, be credited to the Loan Account on the next succeeding Business Day. All payments shall be made by the Borrower without set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, deduction or other defense to the Agents and the Lenders. Except as provided in Section 2.02, after receipt, the Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal ratably to the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Lenders and the Borrower hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account of the Borrower with any amount due and payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document. Each of the Lenders and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent shall have the right to make such charges whether or not any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or whether any of the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied. Any amount charged to the Loan Account of the Borrower shall be deemed a Revolving Loan hereunder made by the Revolving Loan Lenders to the Borrower, funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders and subject to Section 2.02 of this Agreement. The Lenders and the Borrower confirm that any charges which the Administrative Agent may so make to the Loan Account of the Borrower as herein provided will be made as an accommodation to the Borrower and solely at the Administrative Agent s discretion, provided that the Administrative Agent shall from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent, charge the Loan Account of the Borrower with any amount due and payable under any Loan Document. Whenever any payment to be made under any such Loan Document shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of interest or fees, as the case may be. All computations of fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fees hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes in the absence of manifest error. 
 63 

a. If requested, the Administrative Agent shall provide the Borrower, after the end of a calendar month, a summary statement (in the form from time to time used by the Administrative Agent) of the opening and closing daily balances in the Loan Account of the Borrower during such month, the amounts and dates of all Loans made to the Borrower during such month, the amounts and dates of all payments on account of the Loans to the Borrower during such month and the Loans to which such payments were applied, the amount of interest accrued on the Loans to the Borrower during such month, and the amount and nature of any charges to the Loan Account made during such month on account of fees, commissions, expenses and other Obligations. All entries on any such statement shall be presumed to be correct and, 30 days after the same is sent, shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Section 4.02 Sharing of Payments . Except as provided in Section 2.02 hereof, if any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of any Obligation in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of similar obligations obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in such similar obligations held by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them provided , however , that (a) if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and each Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lender s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered and (b) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender and any payment of an amendment, consent or waiver fee to consenting Lenders pursuant to an effective amendment, consent or waiver with respect to this Agreement), or (ii) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans, other than to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all of its rights (including the Lender s right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 Section 4.03 Apportionment of Payments . Subject to Section 2.02 hereof 
 a. All payments of principal and interest in respect of outstanding Loans, all payments of fees (other than the fees set forth in Section 2.07 hereof) and all other payments in respect of any other Obligations, shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent among such of the Lenders as are entitled thereto, in proportion to their respective Pro Rata Shares or otherwise as provided herein or, in respect of payments not made on account of Loans, as designated by the Person making payment when the payment is made. 
 b. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and upon the direction of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders shall, apply all payments in respect of any Obligations, including without limitation, all proceeds of the Collateral, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, (i) first , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any fees, expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Agents until paid in full (ii) second , to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Collateral Agent 
 64 

Advances until paid in full (iii) third , to pay principal of the Collateral Agent Advances until paid in full (iv) fourth , ratably to pay the Revolving Loan Obligations in respect of any fees (other than any Applicable Premium), expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Revolving Loan Lenders until paid in full (v) fifth , ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Revolving Loans until paid in full (vi) sixth , ratably to pay principal of the Revolving Loans until paid in full (vii) seventh , ratably to pay the Term Loan Obligations in respect of any fees (other than any Applicable Premium), expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Term Loan Lenders until paid in full (viii) eighth , ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Term Loan until paid in full (ix) ninth , ratably to pay principal of the Term Loan until paid in full (x) tenth , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any Applicable Premium then due and payable to the Lenders until paid in full and (xi) eleventh , to the ratable payment of all other Obligations then due and payable. 
 c. For purposes of Section 4.03(b) paid in full means payment in cash of all amounts owing under the Loan Documents according to the terms thereof, including loan fees, service fees, professional fees, interest (and specifically including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding), default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, whether or not the same would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding. 
 d. In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 4.03 and other provisions contained in any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that both such priority provisions in such documents shall be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of Section 4.03 shall control and govern. 
 Section 4.04 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law 
 a. Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 12.02. 
 b. The Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to such Defaulting Lender any payments made by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for such Defaulting Lender s benefit, and, in the absence of such transfer to such Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall transfer any such payments to each other non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares (without giving effect to the Pro Rata Shares of such Defaulting Lender) (but only to the extent that such Defaulting Lender s Loans were funded by the other Lenders) or, if so directed by the Borrower and if no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and to the extent such Defaulting Lender s Loans were not funded by the other Lenders), retain the same to be re-advanced to the Borrower as if such Defaulting Lender had made such Loans to the Borrower. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender the amount of all such payments received and retained by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender. 
 c. Any such failure to fund by any Defaulting Lender shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle the Administrative Agent to replace the Defaulting Lender with one or more substitute Lenders, and the Defaulting Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder. Such notice to replace the Defaulting Lender shall specify an effective 
 65 

date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given. Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Defaulting Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Defaulting Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever. If the Defaulting Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Defaulting Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07. 
 d. The operation of this Section shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitments of any Lender, to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to relieve or excuse the performance by the Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to the Administrative Agent or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender. 
 e. This Section shall remain effective with respect to such Lender until either (i) the Obligations under this Agreement shall have been declared or shall have become immediately due and payable or (ii) the non-Defaulting Lenders, the Agents, and the Borrower shall have waived such Defaulting Lender s default in writing, and the Defaulting Lender makes its Pro Rata Share of the applicable defaulted Loans and pays to the Agents all amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender in respect thereof provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 ARTICLE V 
 CONDITIONS TO LOANS 
 Section 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective as of the Business Day (the Effective Date when each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied in a manner satisfactory to the Agents 
 a. Payment of Fees, Etc. The Borrower shall have paid on or before the Effective Date all fees, costs, expenses and taxes then due and payable pursuant to Section 2.07 and Section 12.04. 
 b. Representations and Warranties No Event of Default . The following statements shall be true and correct (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in each other Loan Document, certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant hereto or thereto on or prior to the Effective Date are true and correct on and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Effective Date or would result from this Agreement or the other Loan Documents becoming effective in accordance with its or their respective terms. 
 c. Legality . The making of the Loans on the Effective Date shall not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable to any Secured Party. 
 66 

d. Delivery of Documents . The Collateral Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and, unless indicated otherwise, dated the Effective Date and, if applicable, duly executed by the Persons party thereto 
 i. the Security Agreement 
 ii. a UCC Filing Authorization Letter, together with evidence satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of the filing of appropriate financing statements on form UCC-1, in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests purported to be created by the Security Agreement 
 iii. the results of searches for any effective UCC financing statements, tax Liens or judgment Liens filed against any Loan Party or its property, (x) which results shall not show any such Liens (other than Permitted Liens acceptable to the Collateral Agent) or (y) shall be accompanied by evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent that the Liens indicated in all such financing statements and other filings (or similar document) have been released or will be released on the Effective Date concurrently with the funding of the Loans hereunder 
 iv. a Perfection Certificate 
 v. the Disbursement Letter 
 vi. the Fee Letter 
 vii. the Intercompany Subordination Agreement 
 viii. the Intercreditor Agreement, the AGS Subordination Agreement and the Exitus Subordination Agreement 
 ix. Reserved 
 x. Reserved 
 xi. the management rights letter, dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Agents, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the VCOC Management Rights Agreement 
 xii. a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Loan Party, certifying (A) as to copies of the Governing Documents of such Loan Party, together with all amendments thereto (including, without limitation, a true and complete copy of the charter, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or other publicly filed organizational document (or applicable equivalent) of each Loan Party certified as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date by an appropriate official of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party which shall set forth the same complete name of such Loan Party as is set forth herein and the organizational number of such Loan Party, if an organizational number is issued in such jurisdiction), (B) as to a copy of the resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party authorizing (1) the borrowings hereunder and the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is or will be a party, and (2) the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan 
 67 

Party is or will be a party and the execution and delivery of the other documents to be delivered by such Person in connection herewith and therewith, (C) the names and true signatures of the representatives of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document (in the case of the Borrower, including, without limitation, Notices of Borrowing, SOFR Notices and all other notices under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such Loan Party in connection herewith and therewith, together with evidence of the incumbency of such authorized officers and (D) as to the matters set forth in Section 5.01(b), 5.01(c), 5.01(e), 5.01(f), 5.01(j) and 5.01(k) 
 xiii. a certificate of the chief financial officer of Holdings (A) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations required to establish compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the Loans, with each of the financial covenants contained in Section 7.03 (as if the covenants applicable to the fiscal month ending April 30, 2022 applied on the Effective Date), (B) certifying that all United States federal and other material tax returns required to be filed by the Loan Parties have been filed and all taxes (other than the Unpaid Taxes) upon the Loan Parties or their properties, assets, and income (including real property taxes and payroll taxes) have been paid, (C) attaching a copy of the Financial Statements and the Projections described in Section 6.01(g)(ii) hereof and certifying as to the compliance with the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(g)(i) and Section 6.01(g)(ii) and (D) certifying that after giving effect to all Loans to be made on the Effective Date, all liabilities of the Loan Parties (other than any accounts payable that are past due and expressly permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(s)) are current 
 xiv. a certificate of the chief financial officer of Holdings, certifying on behalf of the Loan Parties, that the Loan Parties (on a consolidated basis), after giving effect to the Loans made on the Effective Date, are Solvent 
 xv. a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower certifying that (A) the attached copies of the Material Contracts as in effect on the Effective Date are true, complete and correct copies thereof and (B) such agreements remain in full force and effect and that none of the Loan Parties has breached or defaulted in any of its obligations under such agreements 
 xvi. a certificate of the appropriate official(s) of the jurisdiction of organization and, except to the extent such failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each jurisdiction of foreign qualification of each Loan Party, certifying as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date as to the subsistence in good standing of, and the payment of Taxes by, such Loan Party in such jurisdictions 
 xvii. an opinion of (i) Mayer Brown LLP, New York, Delaware and California counsel to the Loan Parties, and (ii) Carlton Fields, P.A., Florida counsel to the Loan Parties, as to such matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request 
 xviii. evidence of the insurance coverage required by Section 7.01 and the terms of each Security Agreement and each Mortgage and such other insurance coverage with respect to the business and operations of the Loan Parties as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, together with evidence of the payment of all premiums due in respect thereof for such period as the Collateral Agent may request and 
 xix. evidence of the payment in full of all Indebtedness under the Existing First Lien Credit Facility (other than the Deferred Monroe Fees), together with (A) a termination and 
 68 

release agreement with respect to the Existing First Lien Credit Facility and all related documents, duly executed by the Loan Parties and the Existing First Lien Lenders, (B) a termination of security interest in Intellectual Property for each assignment for security recorded by the Existing First Lien Lenders at the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office and covering any intellectual property of the Loan Parties, and (C) UCC-3 termination statements for all UCC-1 financing statements filed by the Existing Lenders and covering any portion of the Collateral. 
 e. Material Adverse Effect . The Collateral Agent shall have determined, in its sole judgment, that no event or development shall have occurred since December 31, 2021 which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 f. Approvals . All consents, authorizations and approvals of, and filings and registrations with, and all other actions in respect of, any Governmental Authority or other Person required in connection with the making of the Loans, or the conduct of the Loan Parties business, or the consummation of any of the underlying transactions shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect. 
 g. Proceedings Receipt of Documents . All proceedings in connection with the making of the initial Loans and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and all documents incidental hereto and thereto, shall be satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and its counsel, and the Collateral Agent and such counsel shall have received all such information and such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as the Collateral Agent or such counsel may reasonably request. 
 h. Management Reference Checks . The Collateral Agent shall have received satisfactory reference checks for, and shall have had an opportunity to meet with, key management of each Loan Party. 
 i. Reserved . 
 j. Security Interests . The Loan Documents shall create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable first priority security interest in the Collateral secured thereby (subject only to Permitted Liens). 
 k. Litigation . There shall exist no claim, action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, shareholder or derivative litigation) pending or threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority which relates to the Loans or which, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, is reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 l. Notice of Borrowing . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof. 
 m. Patriot Act Compliance . The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, a duly executed IRS Form W-9 (or other applicable tax form) of Holdings and the Borrower, and all documentation and other information with respect to the Loan Parties required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act, that has been reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date. 
 69 

n. Meeting with Management . The Agents shall have had a meeting at Holdings corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Agents) at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Agents to discuss the financial condition and results of operation of Holdings and its Subsidiaries. 
 Section 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Loans . The obligation of any Agent or any Lender to make any Loan after the Effective Date is subject to the fulfillment, in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of each of the following conditions precedent 
 a. Payment of Fees, Etc. The Borrower shall have paid all fees, costs, expenses and material taxes then payable by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, Section 2.07 and Section 12.04 hereof. 
 b. Representations and Warranties No Event of Default . The following statements shall be true and correct, and the submission by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Borrowing with respect to each such Loan, and the Borrower s acceptance of the proceeds of such Loan, shall each be deemed to be a representation and warranty by each Loan Party on the date of such Loan that (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in each other Loan Document, certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant hereto or thereto on or prior to the date of such Loan are true and correct on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date), (ii) at the time of and after giving effect to the making of such Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the making of the Loan to be made, on such date and (iii) the conditions set forth in this Section 5.02 have been satisfied as of the date of such request. 
 c. Legality . The making of such Loan shall not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable to any Secured Party. 
 d. Notices . The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof. 
 e. Proceedings Receipt of Documents . All proceedings in connection with the making of such Loan and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and all documents incidental hereto and thereto, shall be satisfactory to the Agents and their counsel, and the Agents and such counsel shall have received such other agreements, instruments, approvals, opinions and other documents, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, as any Agent may reasonably request. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 Section 6.01 Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Secured Parties as follows 
 
 70 

a. Organization, Good Standing, Etc. Each Loan Party (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership duly organized or incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated and, in the case of the Borrower, to make the borrowings hereunder, and to execute and deliver each Loan Document to which it is a party, and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except (solely for the purposes of this subclause (iii)) where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 b. Authorization, Etc. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or will be a party, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action, (ii) do not and will not contravene (A) any of its Governing Documents, (B) any applicable Requirement of Law or (C) any Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Loan Document) upon or with respect to any of its properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to its operations or any of its properties. 
 c. Governmental Approvals . No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the due execution, delivery and performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or will be a party other than (x) those which have been provided or obtained on or prior to the Effective Date or (y) filings and recordings with respect to Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing or recordation, on the Effective Date. 
 d. Enforceability of Loan Documents . This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is or will be a party, when delivered hereunder, will be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. 
 e. Capitalization . On the Effective Date, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Effective Date, the authorized Equity Interests of Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries and the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries are as set forth on Schedule 6.01(e). All of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests of Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and the holders thereof are not entitled to any preemptive, first refusal or other similar rights. All Equity Interests of such Subsidiaries of Holdings are owned by Holdings free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens). Except as described on Schedule 6.01(e), there are no outstanding debt or equity securities of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries and no outstanding obligations of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for, or warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, or other obligations of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, directly or indirectly, any shares of Equity Interests of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 71 

f. Litigation . Except as set forth in Schedule 6.01(f), there is no pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened action, suit or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its properties before any court or other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator that (i) if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) relates to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 g. Financial Statements . 
 i. The Financial Statements, copies of which have been delivered to each Agent and each Lender, fairly present the consolidated financial condition of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal periods ended on such respective dates, all in accordance with GAAP. All material indebtedness and other liabilities (including, without limitation, Indebtedness, liabilities for taxes, long-term leases and other unusual forward or long-term commitments), direct or contingent, of Holdings and its Subsidiaries are set forth in the Financial Statements. Since March 21, 2022, no event or development has occurred that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 ii. Holdings has heretofore furnished to each Agent and each Lender (A) projected quarterly financial information of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, and (B) projected annual financial information for the 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026 Fiscal Years, which projected financial statements shall be updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii). 
 h. Compliance with Law, Etc. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of (i) any of its Governing Documents, (ii) any Requirement of Law, or (iii) any material term of any Contractual Obligation (including, without limitation, any Material Contract) binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing thereunder. 
 i. ERISA . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i), (i) each Loan Party and each Employee Plan and Pension Plan is in compliance with all Requirements of Law in all material respects, including ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, (ii) no ERISA Event has occurred nor is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Employee Plan, Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (iii) copies of each agreement entered into with the PBGC, the U.S. Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Employee Plan or Pension Plan have been delivered to the Agents, and (iv) each Employee Plan and Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and the trust related thereto is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any material liability to the PBGC which remains outstanding other than the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due and which are unpaid with respect to a Pension Plan. There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened material claims, actions, proceedings or lawsuits (other than claims for benefits in the ordinary course) asserted or instituted against (A) any Employee Plan, Pension Plan, or their respective assets, (B) any fiduciary with respect to any Employee Plan or Pension Plan, or (C) any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any Employee Plan or Pension Plan. Except as required by Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code, no Loan Party maintains an employee welfare 
 72 

benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) that provides health benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of any Loan Party or has any obligation to provide any such benefits for any current employee after such employee s termination of employment. 
 j. Taxes, Etc. (i) All United States federal and other material Tax returns and other reports required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed by any Loan Party have been timely filed and (ii) all Taxes imposed upon any Loan Party or any property of any Loan Party which have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, except (A) the Unpaid Taxes and other unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount at any one time outstanding not in excess of 250,000, and (B) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 k. Regulations T, U and X . No Loan Party is or will be engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X), and no proceeds of any Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or for any purpose that violates, or is inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U and X. 
 l. Nature of Business . No Loan Party is engaged in any business other than as set forth on Schedule 6.01(l) hereto. 
 m. Adverse Agreements, Etc. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contractual Obligation or subject to any restriction or limitation in any Governing Document or any judgment, order, regulation, ruling or other requirement of a court or other Governmental Authority, which (either individually or in the aggregate) has, or in the future could reasonably be expected (either individually or in the aggregate) to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 n. Permits, Etc. Each Loan Party has, and is in compliance with, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations, including Environmental Permits, required for such Person lawfully to own, lease, manage or operate, or to acquire, each business and Facility currently owned, leased, managed or operated, or to be acquired, by such Person, except to the extent the failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No condition exists or event has occurred which, in itself or with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would result in the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or non-renewal of any such permit, license, authorization, approval, entitlement or accreditation, including any such Environmental Permit, and there is no claim that any of the foregoing is not in full force and effect. 
 o. Properties . Each Loan Party has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use, all property and assets material to its business, free and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens. All such properties and assets are in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 
 p. Employee and Labor Matters . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(p), (i) each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law in all material respects pertaining to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, wages and hours, and occupational safety and health, (ii) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary is party to any collective bargaining agreement, nor has any labor union been recognized as the representative of the employees of any Loan Party of Subsidiary, (iii) there is no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the 
 73 

knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement, (iv) there has been no strike, work stoppage, slowdown, lockout, or other labor dispute pending or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, and (v) to the knowledge of each Loan Party, no labor organization or group of employees has made a pending demand for recognition or certification, and there are no representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a representation proceeding presently pending or threatened to be brought or filed, with the National Labor Relations Board or any other labor relations tribunal or authority. No Loan Party or Subsidiary has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act WARN or any similar Requirement of Law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied. All material payments due from any Loan Party or Subsidiary on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party or Subsidiary. 
 q. Environmental Matters . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(q) hereto, (i) no Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Environmental Law, (ii) each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has, and is in compliance with, all Environmental Permits for its respective operations and businesses, except to the extent any failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party (iii) there has been no Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials on, in, at, under or from any properties currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or a respective predecessor in interest or at any disposal or treatment facility which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or any respective predecessor in interest, which in any case of the foregoing could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party (iv) there are no pending or threatened Environmental Claims against, or Environmental Liability of, any Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or any respective predecessor in interest that could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party (v) neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is performing or responsible for any Remedial Action that could reasonably be expected to result in any adverse consequence to any Loan Party (other than immaterial consequences) or any Secured Party and (vi) the Loan Parties have made available to the Collateral Agent and Lenders true and complete copies of all material environmental reports, audits and investigations in the possession or control of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the operations and business of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries. 
 r. Insurance . Each Loan Party maintains all insurance required by Section 7.01(h). Schedule 6.01(r) sets forth a list of all such insurance maintained by or for the benefit of each Loan Party on the Effective Date. 
 s. Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans shall be used to (a) refinance the Existing First Lien Credit Facility (excluding the payment of Deferred Monroe Fees) and other existing indebtedness of the Borrower, (b) pay fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, (c) pay up to 9,000,000 of certain past-due accounts payable of the Loan Parties and (d) fund working capital of the Borrower. 
 t. Solvency . After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and before and after giving effect to each Loan, each Loan Party is, and the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis are, Solvent. No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
 74 

Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party. 
 u. Intellectual Property . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(u), each Loan Party owns or licenses or otherwise has the right to use all Intellectual Property rights that are necessary for the operation of its business, without infringement upon or conflict with the rights of any other Person with respect thereto, except for such infringements and conflicts which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Set forth on Schedule 6.01(u) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of (i) each item of Registered Intellectual Property owned by each Loan Party (ii) each material work of authorship owned by each Loan party and which is not Registered Intellectual Property, and (iii) each Intellectual Property Contract to which each Loan Party is bound. No trademark or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party infringes upon or conflicts with any rights owned by any other Person, and no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or threatened. To the knowledge of each Loan Party, no patent, invention, device, application, principle or any statute, law, rule, regulation, standard or code pertaining to Intellectual Property is pending or proposed. 
 v. Material Contracts . Set forth on Schedule 6.01(v) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of all Material Contracts of each Loan Party, showing the parties and subject matter thereof and amendments and modifications thereto. Each such Material Contract (i) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto and all other parties thereto in accordance with its terms, (ii) has not been otherwise amended or modified, and (iii) is not in default due to the action of any Loan Party or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any other party thereto. 
 w. Investment Company Act . None of the Loan Parties is (i) an investment company or an affiliated person or promoter of, or principal underwriter of or for, an investment company , as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (ii) subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law that limits in any respect its ability to incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or a portion of the Obligations unenforceable. 
 x. Customers and Suppliers . There exists no actual or threatened termination, cancellation or limitation of, or modification to or change in the business relationship between (i) any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any material customer or any group thereof, on the other hand, or (ii) any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any material supplier or any group thereof, on the other hand, and there exists no present state of facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to give rise to or result in any such termination, cancellation, limitation, modification or change. 
 y. Senior Indebtedness, Etc. Each of the applicable Loan Parties has the power and authority to incur the Indebtedness provided for under the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility and has duly authorized, executed and delivered the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility. The Existing Second Lien Credit Facility constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Holdings and its Subsidiaries enforceable against Holdings and its Subsidiaries in accordance with its terms. The subordination provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement are and will be enforceable against the Existing Second Lien Lenders by the Secured Parties which have not effectively waived the benefits thereof. All Obligations, including, without limitation, those to pay principal of and interest (including post-petition interest) on the Loans and fees and expenses in connection therewith, constitute the Senior Credit Facility (as defined in the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility), and all such Obligations are entitled to the benefits of the 
 75 

subordination created by the Intercreditor Agreement. Holdings and each of its Subsidiaries acknowledges that the Agents and the Lenders are entering into this Agreement, and extending their Commitments, in reliance upon the subordination provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Section 6.01(y). 
 z. Sanctions Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money Laundering Laws . None of any Loan Party, any Subsidiary thereof, any of their respective directors, officers, or employees, shareholders or owners, nor any of their respective agents or Affiliates, (i) is a Sanctioned Person or currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) has assets located in a Sanctioned Country, (iii) conducts any business with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, (iv) directly or indirectly derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with, Sanctioned Persons, (v) is a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the USA Patriot Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision, or (vi) is a Person that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 or 312 of the USA Patriot Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Law. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance with all Sanctions, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws. Each Loan Party and each Affiliate, officer, employee or director acting on behalf of any Loan Party is (and is taking no action that would result in any such Person not being) in compliance with (A) all applicable OFAC rules and regulations, (B) all applicable United States of America, United Kingdom, United Nations, European Union, German, Canadian, Australian and all other internationally respected national autonomous sanctions, embargos and trade restrictions and (C) all applicable provisions of the USA Patriot Act. In addition, no Loan Party or any Subsidiary is engaged in any kind of activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that is subject to any sanctions administered by OFAC, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Germany, Canada, Australia or the United Nations. 
 aa. Anti-Bribery and Corruption . 
 i. Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, or any other Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party, has offered, promised, paid, given or authorized the payment or giving of any money or other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any Person, including without limitation, any employee, official or other Person acting on behalf of any Governmental Authority, or otherwise engaged in any activity that may violate any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 ii. Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, or any other Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party, has engaged in any activity that would breach any Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 iii. To each Loan Party s knowledge and belief, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any court or other Governmental Authority against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or any of their directors, officers, employees or other Person acting on their behalf that relates to a potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Sanctions. 
 76 

iv. The Loan Parties will not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of the Advances for any purpose that would breach the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. 
 (bb) Full Disclosure . 
 i. Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Agents all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Agents (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and general information about Borrower s industry) in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading. 
 ii. Projections have been prepared on a reasonable basis and in good faith based on assumptions, estimates, methods and tests that are believed by the Loan Parties to be reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared and information believed by the Loan Parties to have been accurate based upon the information available to the Loan Parties at the time such Projections were furnished to the Lenders, and Holdings is not be aware of any facts or information that would lead it to believe that such Projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect it being understood that (A) Projections are by their nature subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Loan Parties control, (B) actual results may differ materially from the Projections and such variations may be material and (C) the Projections are not a guarantee of performance. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 
 
 Section 7.01 Affirmative Covenants . So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party will, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing 
 a. Reporting Requirements . Furnish to each Agent and each Lender 
 i. as soon as available, and in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first full fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, (x) internally prepared consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows as at the end of such fiscal month, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such fiscal month, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, and (B) the Projections, all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of Holdings as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal month and the results of operations, retained earnings and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal month and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments (y) a report 
 77 

of key performance indicators during such fiscal month with respect to the top 25 customers, headcount and billable utilization, as reasonably identified by Holdings, for the business of Holdings and its Subsidiaries and any additional financial information as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and (z) a Compliance Certificate 
 ii. the following 
 A. as soon as available and in any event within forty five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Holdings and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first full fiscal quarter of Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of Holdings as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the results of operations and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such quarter and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments, and 
 B. no later than two (2) Business Days after the delivery of the financial information described in clause (A), a comparison of the financial information described in clause (A) to that in the Projections, and a report of key performance indicators during such fiscal quarter with respect to the top 25 customers, headcount and billable utilization, as reasonably identified by Holdings, for the business of Holdings and its Subsidiaries and any additional financial information as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent 
 iii. the following 
 A. as soon as available, and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by a report and an opinion, prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, of a Big Four firm or another independent certified public accountant of recognized standing selected by Holdings and satisfactory to the Agents (which report and opinion shall not include (1) any qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about the ability of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to continue as a going concern or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, or (2) any qualification which relates to the treatment or classification of any item and which, as a condition to the removal of such qualification, would require an adjustment to such item, the effect of which would be to cause any noncompliance with the provisions of Section 7.03), and 
 B. no later than two Business Days after the delivery of the financial information described in clause (A), a comparison of the financial information described in clause (A) to that in the Projections 
 78 

iv. no later than two Business Days after the delivery of the financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), a Compliance Certificate 
 A. stating that an Authorized Officer of the Borrower has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and has made or caused to be made under his or her supervision a review of the condition and operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries during the period covered by such financial statements with a view to determining whether Holdings and its Subsidiaries were in compliance with all of the provisions of this Agreement and such Loan Documents at the times such compliance is required hereby and thereby, and that such review has not disclosed, and such Authorized Officer has no knowledge of, the occurrence and continuance during such period of an Event of Default or Default or, if an Event of Default or Default had occurred and continued or is continuing, describing the nature and period of existence thereof and the action which Holdings and its Subsidiaries propose to take or have taken with respect thereto, 
 B. in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), (1) attaching a schedule showing the calculation of the financial covenants specified in Section 7.03 and the calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio for the applicable period for purposes of determining the Applicable Margin in accordance with the terms of the definition thereof, (2) a calculation of the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such month, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, showing compliance with Section 7.03(c) and (3) including a discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the portion of the Fiscal Year then elapsed and discussing the reasons for any significant variations from the Projections for such period and commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, the figures for the corresponding period in the previous Fiscal Year, and 
 C. in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by (X) clause (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), attaching (1) the calculation of the Excess Cash Flow in accordance with the terms of Section 2.06(c)(i) and (2) confirmation that there have been no changes to the information contained in each of the Perfection Certificates delivered on the Effective Date or the date of the most recently updated Perfection Certificate delivered pursuant to this clause (iv) and or attaching an updated Perfection Certificate identifying any such changes to the information contained therein, and (Y) clause (ii) of this Section 7.01(a), attaching a summary of all material insurance coverage maintained as of the date thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and evidence that such insurance meets the requirements set forth in Section 7.01(h), each Security Agreement and each Mortgage (or stating that there has been no change in the information most recently provided pursuant to this clause (C)(Y)), together with such other related documents and information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require 
 v. as soon as available and in any event within 10 days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, reports in form and detail satisfactory to the Agents and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower as being accurate and complete (but subject to final balance sheet adjustments) (A) listing all Accounts of the Loan Parties as of such day, which shall include the amount and age of each such Account, showing separately those which are more than 30, 60, 90 and 120 days old and a description of all Liens, set-offs, defenses and counterclaims with respect thereto, together with a reconciliation of such schedule with the schedule delivered to the Agents pursuant to this clause (v)(A) for the immediately preceding fiscal month, the name and mailing address 
 79 

of each Account Debtor with respect to each such Account and such other information as any Agent may request, and (B) listing all Inventory of the Loan Parties as of each such day, and containing a breakdown of such Inventory by type and amount, the cost and the current market value thereof (by location), the date of acquisition, the warehouse and production facility location and such other information as any Agent may request, all in detail and in form satisfactory to the Agents 
 vi. (A) on or prior to the date that the payment required under Section 2.03(b)(w) (together with all other Obligations required to be paid in connection with any such prepayment) has been received by the Lenders, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time), on the second and fourth Friday of each fiscal month (or if such day is not a Business Day, then the next preceding Business Day) commencing with March 10, 2023, and (B) anytime thereafter, as soon as available and in any event within 10 days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, in each case, reports in form and detail satisfactory to the Agents, and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower as being accurate and complete (but subject to final balance sheet adjustments), listing all accounts payable of the Loan Parties as of each such day which shall include the amount and age of each such account payable, the name and mailing address of each account creditor and such other information as any Agent may request 
 vii. as soon as available and in any event not later than 60 days prior to the end of each Fiscal Year (or in the case of the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022, on or prior to November 30, 2022), a certificate of an Authorized Officer of Holdings (A) attaching Projections for Holdings and its Subsidiaries, supplementing and superseding the Projections previously required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement, prepared on a monthly basis and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, for the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year for Holdings and its Subsidiaries and (B) certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(bb)(ii) are true and correct with respect to the Projections 
 viii. promptly after submission to any Governmental Authority, all documents and information furnished to such Governmental Authority in connection with any investigation of any Loan Party other than (A) routine inquiries by such Governmental Authority and (B) inquiries made in the normal course of business 
 ix. as soon as possible, and in any event within three (3) days after the occurrence of an Event of Default or Default or the occurrence of any event or development that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the written statement of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default or other event or development having a Material Adverse Effect and the action which the affected Loan Party proposes to take with respect thereto 
 x. as soon as possible and in any event (A) within five (5) Business Days after a Loan Party has knowledge of the occurrence (or future occurrence) of any ERISA Event, notice of such ERISA Event (in reasonable detail), and (B) within ten (10) Business Days after the filing thereof with the Internal Revenue Service, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to any Pension Plan, and (C) within ten (10) Business Days after any Loan Party sends notice of a plant closing or mass layoff (as defined in WARN) to employees, copies of each such notice sent by such Loan Party 
 xi. promptly after the commencement thereof but in any event not later than five (5) days after service of process with respect thereto on, or the obtaining of knowledge thereof by, 
 80 

any Loan Party, notice of each action, suit or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority or other regulatory body or any arbitrator, in which the amount of damages claimed is 500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies) or more in the aggregate for all such actions, suits or proceedings 
 xii. as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after execution, receipt or delivery thereof, copies of any material notices that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with any Material Contract 
 xiii. as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after execution, receipt or delivery thereof, copies of any material notices that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with the sale or other Disposition of the Equity Interests of, or all or substantially all of the assets of, any Loan Party 
 xiv. as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after the delivery thereof to Holdings Board of Directors, copies of all reports or other information so delivered in connection with a meeting of such Board of Directors (other than any such reports or other information that are subject to attorney-client or other legal privilege) provided that all such reports and other information is subject to Section 12.19 
 xv. promptly after (A) the sending or filing thereof, copies of all statements, reports and other information any Loan Party sends to any holders of its Indebtedness or its securities or files with the SEC or any national (domestic or foreign) securities exchange (including, without limitation, any statements, reports, filings, agreements, or other information that relate to any Equity Issuance) and (B) the receipt thereof, a copy of any material notice received from any holder of its Indebtedness 
 xvi. promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all financial reports (including, without limitation, management letters), if any, submitted to any Loan Party by its auditors in connection with any annual or interim audit of the books thereof 
 xvii. promptly upon request, any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its sole discretion, confirming the Borrower s compliance with Section 7.02(r) 
 xviii. reserved 
 xix. simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), if, as a result of any change in accounting principles and policies from those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements that is permitted by Section 7.02(q), the consolidated financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a) will differ from the consolidated financial statements that would have been delivered pursuant to such subdivisions had no such change in accounting principles and policies been made, then, together with the first delivery of such financial statements after such change, one or more statements of reconciliation for all such prior financial statements in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents 
 xx. (A)(1) on or prior to the date that the payment required under Section 2.03(b)(w) (together with all other Obligations required to be paid in connection with any such 
 81 

prepayment) has been received by the Lenders, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time), on the second and fourth Friday of each fiscal month (or if such day is not a Business Day, then the next preceding Business Day) commencing with March 10, 2023, and (2) anytime thereafter, as soon as available and in any event within 10 days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, in each case, a calculation of the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such month, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and (B)(1) as soon as available, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, a 13-week cash flow forecast of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents (the 13-Week Cash Flow and (2) if the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries is less than 7,000,000 at any time during a week, then commencing on Wednesday of the following week and for every week thereafter until the Liquidity of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for each day in the prior week is greater than 7,000,000, a 13-Week Cash Flow 
 xxi. as soon as possible and in any event within one (1) day after receipt thereof by any Loan Party, copies of any reports or other work product prepared by the Financial Advisor or the Operational Advisor and 
 xxii. promptly upon request, such other information concerning the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of any Loan Party (including, without limitation, any Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance information) as any Agent may from time to time may reasonably request. 
 b. Additional Borrowers, Guarantors and Collateral Security . Cause 
 i. each Subsidiary of any Loan Party not in existence on the Effective Date (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary and or any Excluded Foreign Subsidiary), to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent promptly and in any event within 30 days after the formation, acquisition or change in status thereof, (A) a Joinder Agreement, pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall be made a party to this Agreement as a Borrower or Guarantor, (B) a supplement to the Security Agreement, together with (1) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of any Person owned by such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Security Agreement, (2) undated stock powers for such Equity Interests executed in blank with signature guaranteed, and (3) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, (C) to the extent required under the terms of this Agreement, one or more Mortgages creating on the real property of such Subsidiary a perfected, first priority Lien (in terms of priority, subject only to Permitted Liens) on such real property and such other Real Property Deliverables as may be required by the Collateral Agent with respect to each such real property, and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in order to create, perfect, establish the first priority of or otherwise protect any Lien purported to be covered by any such Security Agreement or Mortgage or otherwise to effect the intent that such Subsidiary shall become bound by all of the terms, covenants and agreements contained in the Loan Documents and that all property and assets of such Subsidiary shall become Collateral for the Obligations and 
 ii. each owner of the Equity Interests of any such Subsidiary to execute and deliver promptly and in any event within 30 days after the formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary a Pledge Amendment (as defined in the Security Agreement), together with (A) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Security Agreement, (B) undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of assignment for such Equity Interests executed in blank, (C) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request 
 82 

and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents requested by the Collateral Agent. 
 c. Compliance with Laws Payment of Taxes . 
 i. Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Requirements of Law, judgments and awards (including any settlement of any claim that, if breached, could give rise to any of the foregoing). 
 ii. Pay, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay, in full before delinquency or before the expiration of any extension period, all Taxes imposed upon any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except (i) unpaid Taxes in an aggregate amount at any one time not in excess of 250,000, and (ii) Taxes contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP. 
 d. Preservation of Existence, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 e. Keeping of Records and Books of Account . Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, adequate records and books of account, with complete entries made to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 f. Inspection Rights . Permit, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to permit, the agents and representatives of any Agent at any time and from time to time during normal business hours and with reasonable notice to the Borrower, at the expense of the Borrower, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from its records and books of account, to visit and inspect its properties, to verify materials, leases, notes, accounts receivable, deposit accounts and its other assets, to conduct audits, physical counts, valuations, appraisals or examinations and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with any of its directors, officers, managerial employees, independent accountants or any of its other representatives. In furtherance of the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby authorizes its independent accountants, and the independent accountants of each of its Subsidiaries, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of such Person (independently or together with representatives of such Person) with the agents and representatives of any Agent in accordance with this Section 7.01(f). 
 g. Maintenance of Properties, Etc. Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder, except to the extent the failure to so maintain and preserve or so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 83 

h. Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, cyber, hazard, flood, rent, worker s compensation and business interruption insurance) with respect to the Collateral and its other properties (including all real property leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering such risks as is (i) carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated, (ii) required by any Requirement of Law, (iii) required by any Material Contract and (iv) in any event in amount, adequacy and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. All policies covering the Collateral are to be made payable to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, as their interests may appear, in case of loss, under a standard non contributory lender or secured party clause and are to contain such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may require to fully protect the Lenders interest in the Collateral and to any payments to be made under such policies. All certificates of insurance are to be delivered to the Collateral Agent and the policies are to be premium prepaid, with the loss payable and additional insured endorsement in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, as their respective interests may appear, and such other Persons as the Collateral Agent may designate from time to time, and shall provide for not less than 30 days (10 days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to the Collateral Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation. If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries fails to maintain such insurance, the Collateral Agent may arrange for such insurance, but at the Borrower s expense and without any responsibility on the Collateral Agent s part for obtaining the insurance, the solvency of the insurance companies, the adequacy of the coverage, or the collection of claims. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the sole right, in the name of the Lenders, any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, to file claims under any insurance policies, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies. 
 i. Obtaining of Permits, Etc. Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business, in each case, except to the extent the failure to obtain, maintain, preserve or take such action could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 j. Environmental . 
 i. Keep the Collateral free of any Environmental Lien 
 ii. Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all Environmental Permits that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits 
 iii. Take all commercially reasonable steps to prevent any Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials in violation of any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit at, in, on, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries 
 iv. Provide the Collateral Agent with written notice within ten (10) days of any of the following (A) discovery of any Release of a Hazardous Material or environmental condition 
 84 

at, in, on, under or from any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party, Subsidiary or predecessor in interest or any violation of Environmental Law or Environmental Permit that in any case could reasonably be expected to result in any material Environmental Claim or Environmental Liability (B) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against any Collateral or (C) an Environmental Claim or Environmental Liabilities and provide such reports, documents and information as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 k. Fiscal Year . Cause the Fiscal Year of Holdings and its Subsidiaries to end on December 31 of each calendar year unless the Agents consent to a change in such Fiscal Year (and appropriate related changes to this Agreement). 
 l. Landlord Waivers Collateral Access Agreements . At any time any Collateral with a book value in excess of 250,000 (when aggregated with all other Collateral at the same location) is located on any real property of a Loan Party located in the United States (whether such real property is now existing or acquired after the Effective Date) which is not owned by a Loan Party, or is stored on the premises of a bailee, warehouseman, or similar party, use its best efforts to obtain written subordinations or waivers or collateral access agreements, as the case may be, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 m. After Acquired Real Property . Upon the acquisition by it or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof of any interest (whether fee or leasehold) in any real property (wherever located) (each such interest being a New Facility with a Current Value (as defined below) in excess of 500,000 in the case of a fee interest immediately so notify the Collateral Agent, setting forth with specificity a description of the interest acquired, the location of the real property, any structures or improvements thereon and either an appraisal or such Loan Party s good-faith estimate of the current value of such real property (for purposes of this Section, the Current Value ). The Collateral Agent shall notify such Loan Party whether it intends to require a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables or landlord s waiver (pursuant to Section 7.01(l) hereof) with respect to such New Facility. Upon receipt of such notice requesting a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables) or landlord s waiver, the Person that has acquired such New Facility shall promptly furnish the same to the Collateral Agent. The Borrower shall pay all fees and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, and all title insurance charges and premiums, in connection with each Loan Party s obligations under this Section 7.01(m). 
 n. Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws Sanctions . 
 i. Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by each Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 ii. Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions. 
 iii. Neither Loan Party nor, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, any director, officer, employee or any Person acting on behalf of any Loan Party will engage in any activity that would breach any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 85 

iv. Promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any action, suit or investigations by any court or Governmental Authority in relation to an alleged breach of the Anti-Corruption Law. 
 v. Not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of any Loan for any purpose that would breach any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 vi. Each Loan Party and Affiliate, officer, employee or director, acting on behalf of the Loan Party is (and will take no action which would result in any such Person not being) in compliance with (A) all applicable OFAC rules and regulations, (B) all applicable United States of America, United Kingdom, United Nations, European Union, German, Canadian, Australian and all other reasonable internationally respected national autonomous sanctions, embargos and trade restrictions and (C) all applicable provisions of the USA Patriot Act. In addition, none of the activities or business of any Loan Party includes any kind of activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that is subject to any Sanctions. 
 vii. In order to comply with the know your customer borrower requirements of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, promptly provide to the Administrative Agent upon its reasonable request from time to time (A) information relating to individuals and entities affiliated with any Loan Party that maintain a business relationship with the Administrative Agent, and (B) such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such Loan Party in order to enable the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 o. Lender Meetings . Upon the request of any Agent or the Required Lenders (which request, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, shall not be made more than once during each fiscal quarter and shall not occur until after the earnings call for the most recently ended fiscal quarter), participate in a meeting with the Agents and the Lenders at Holding s corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders) at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders to discuss the financial condition and results of operation of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the most recently ended fiscal quarter. Upon the request of any Agent or the Required Lenders, each of the Financial Advisor and or the Operational Advisor will attend and participate in such meetings. 
 p. Board Information Rights . The Administrative Agent shall be timely notified of the time and place of any regular or special meetings (regular meetings shall be held no less than once per quarter) and will be given written notice of all proposed actions to be taken by the Board of Directors (or any relevant committee thereof) of Holdings (or its direct or indirect parent holding company) and any of its Subsidiaries at such meeting as if the Administrative Agent were a member thereof. Such notice shall describe in reasonable detail the nature and substance of the matters to be discussed and or voted upon at such meeting (or the proposed actions to be taken by written consent without a meeting). The Administrative Agent shall have the right to, and shall, receive all information provided to the members of the Board of Directors or any similar group performing an executive oversight or similar function (or any relevant committee thereof) of Holdings (or its direct or indirect parent holding company) and any of its Subsidiaries in anticipation of or at such meeting (regular or special and whether telephonic or otherwise), in addition to copies of the records of the proceedings or minutes of such meeting, when provided to the members other than such information subject to attorney-client or other legal privilege provided that, the Administrative Agent shall keep such materials and information confidential in accordance with Section 12.19 of this Agreement. 
 86 

q. Further Assurances . Take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, at its sole cost and expense, such agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent may require from time to time in order (i) to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) to subject to valid and perfected first priority Liens any of the Collateral or any other property of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, (iii) to establish and maintain the validity and effectiveness of any of the Loan Documents and the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens intended to be created thereby, and (iv) to better assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer and confirm unto each Secured Party the rights now or hereafter intended to be granted to it under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. In furtherance of the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Party (i) authorizes each Agent to execute any such agreements, instruments or other documents in such Loan Party s name and to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in any appropriate filing office, (ii) authorizes each Agent to file any financing statement required hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, in any appropriate filing office without the signature of such Loan Party, and (iii) ratifies the filing of any financing statement, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, filed without the signature of such Loan Party prior to the date hereof. 
 r. Post-Closing Matters . Execute and deliver the documents and comply with the requirements set forth on Schedule 7.01(r), in each case within the time limits specified on such schedule. 
 s. Financial Advisor Operational Advisor . On or before the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, (i) retain a financial advisor reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and Required Lenders (the Financial Advisor and (ii) retain an operational advisor reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and Required Lenders (the Operational Advisor ), in each case, on terms and with a scope of engagement reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent and Required Lenders. 
 t. Equity Proceeds . Notwithstanding anything to contrary contained in Section 2.06(c), until such time as the Loan Parties have prepaid the Term Loans in the amount set forth in Section 2.03(b)(w), immediately (and in any event, within three (3) Business Days) upon any Equity Issuance, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding amount of the Term Loans (plus all other Obligations due in connection with such prepayment) in an amount equal to not less than 80 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith. The provisions of this Section 7.01(t) shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such issuance, incurrence or sale otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 Section 7.02 Negative Covenants . So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing 
 a. Liens, Etc. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired file or suffer to exist under the Uniform Commercial Code or any Requirement of Law of any jurisdiction, a financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) that names it or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) other than, as to all of the above, Permitted Liens. 
 87 

b. Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist, or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness. 
 c. Fundamental Changes Dispositions . 
 i. Wind-up, liquidate or dissolve, or merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any Person, including by means of a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do (or agree to do) any of the foregoing provided , however , that (x) any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party (other than the Borrower) may be merged into any Loan Party (other than Holdings or the Mexican Loan Parties), (y) any wholly-owned Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may be merged into another wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Loan Party, so long as (A) no other provision of this Agreement would be violated thereby, (B) such Loan Party gives the Agents at least 30 days prior written notice of such merger, consolidation or amalgamation accompanied by true, correct and complete copies of all material agreements, documents and instruments relating to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, including, without limitation, the certificate or certificates of merger or amalgamation to be filed with each appropriate Secretary of State (with a copy as filed promptly after such filing), (C) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or after giving effect to such transaction, (D) the Lenders rights in any Collateral, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of any Lien thereon, are not adversely affected by such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, and (E) the surviving Subsidiary, if any, if not already a Loan Party, is joined as a Loan Party hereunder pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and is a party to a Security Agreement and the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary is the subject of a Security Agreement, in each case, which is in full force and effect on the date of and immediately after giving effect to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, and (z) any winding-up, liquidation or dissolution contemplated as a party of Project Thunder may be done so long as (A) no other provision of this Agreement would be violated thereby, (B) such Loan Party gives the Agents at least 30 days prior written notice thereof (and provide the Agents copies of any certificate of dissolution as filed promptly after such filing), (C) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or after giving effect to such transaction, (D) the Lenders rights in any Collateral, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of any Lien thereon, are not adversely affected thereby and 
 ii. Make any Disposition, whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or any part of its business, property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (or agree to do any of the foregoing), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing provided , however , that any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries may make Permitted Dispositions. 
 d. Change in Nature of Business. Make or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, any change in the nature of its business as described in Section 6.01(l). 
 e. Loans, Advances, Investments, Etc. Make or commit or agree to make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries make or commit or agree to make, any Investment in any other Person except for Permitted Investments. 
 f. Sale and Leaseback Transactions . Enter into, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, any Sale and Leaseback Transaction. 
 88 

g. Reserved . 
 h. Restricted Payments . Make or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make any Restricted Payment other than Permitted Restricted Payments. 
 i. Federal Reserve Regulations . Permit any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan under this Agreement to be used for any purpose that would cause such Loan to be a margin loan under the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board. 
 j. Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate, except (i) transactions consummated in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof, and that are fully disclosed to the Agents prior to the consummation thereof, if they involve one or more payments by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of 100,000 for any single transaction or series of related transactions, (ii) transactions with another Loan Party (other than the Mexican Loan Parties) (iii) transactions permitted by Section 7.02(e) and Section 7.02(h), (iv) sales of Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings to Affiliates of Holdings not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents and the granting of registration and other customary rights in connection therewith, (v) subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility and Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments, and (vi) reasonable and customary director and officer compensation (including bonuses and stock option programs), benefits and indemnification arrangements, in each case approved by the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary. 
 k. Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Subsidiaries . Create or otherwise cause, incur, assume, suffer or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (i) to pay dividends or to make any other distribution on any shares of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) to pay or prepay or to subordinate any Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) to make loans or advances to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) to transfer any of its property or assets to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing provided , however , that nothing in any of clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 7.02(k) shall prohibit or restrict compliance with 
 A. this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility 
 B. any agreement in effect on the date of this Agreement and described on Schedule 7.02(k), or any extension, replacement or continuation of any such agreement provided , that, any such encumbrance or restriction contained in such extended, replaced or continued agreement is no less favorable to the Agents and the Lenders than the encumbrance or restriction under or pursuant to the agreement so extended, replaced or continued 
 89 

C. any applicable law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, applicable currency control laws and applicable state corporate statutes restricting the payment of dividends in certain circumstances) 
 D. in the case of clause (iv), (1) customary restrictions on the subletting, assignment or transfer of any specified property or asset set forth in a lease, license, asset sale agreement or similar contract for the conveyance of such property or asset and (2) instrument or other document evidencing a Permitted Lien (or the Indebtedness secured thereby) from restricting on customary terms the transfer of any property or assets subject thereto 
 E. customary restrictions on dispositions of real property interests in reciprocal easement agreements 
 F. customary restrictions in agreements for the sale of assets on the transfer or encumbrance of such assets during an interim period prior to the closing of the sale of such assets or 
 G. customary restrictions in contracts that prohibit the assignment of such contract. 
 l. Limitations on Negative Pledges . Enter into, incur or permit to exist, or permit any Subsidiary to enter into, incur or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any agreement, instrument, deed, lease or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or that requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following (i) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.02(b) of this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (iii) any customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale or other disposition of assets or of a Subsidiary pending such sale or other disposition provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the assets or Subsidiary to be sold or disposed of and such sale or disposition is permitted hereunder, and (iv) customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment or sublet thereof. 
 m. Modifications of Indebtedness, Organizational Documents and Certain Other Agreements Etc . 
 i. Amend, modify or otherwise change (or permit the amendment, modification or other change in any manner of) any of the provisions of any of its or its Subsidiaries Indebtedness or of any instrument or agreement (including, without limitation, any purchase agreement, indenture, loan agreement or security agreement) relating to any such Indebtedness if such amendment, modification or change would shorten the final maturity or average life to maturity of, or require any payment to be made (other than any payment to be made in Equity Interests consisting of common stock) earlier than the date originally scheduled on, such Indebtedness, would increase the interest rate applicable to such Indebtedness, would add any covenant or event of default, would change the subordination provision, if any, of such Indebtedness, or would otherwise be adverse to the Lenders or the issuer of such Indebtedness in any material respect. 
 ii. except for the Obligations and the Unpaid Taxes, 
 90 

(A) make any voluntary or optional payment (including, without limitation, any payment of interest in cash that, at the option of the issuer, may be paid in cash or in kind), prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or other acquisition for value of any of its or its Subsidiaries Indebtedness, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility (including, without limitation, by way of depositing money or securities with the trustee therefor before the date required for the purpose of paying any portion of such Indebtedness when due), 
 (B) refund, refinance, replace or exchange any other Indebtedness for any such Indebtedness (other than with respect to Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness), 
 (C) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Existing Warrants, any Subordinated Indebtedness, or any Existing Earn-Out Obligations, or 
 (D) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Indebtedness as a result of any asset sale, change of control, issuance and sale of debt or equity securities or similar event, or give any notice with respect to any of the foregoing 
 provided , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
 (1) so long as, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase (x) the First Lien Leverage Ratio of Holdings and its Subsidiaries does not exceed 2.50 to 1.00 (in the case of clause (y) below, calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the related Equity Issuance and the application of the proceeds thereof), (y) Holdings and its Subsidiaries are in compliance of each of the financial covenants contained in Section 7.03, and (z) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments, prepayments, repayments, repurchases or redemptions of 
 (x) the Existing Warrants in an aggregate amount not to exceed 3,000,000, and 
 (y) so long as such payment, prepayment, repayment, repurchase or redemption is made solely with the Net Cash Proceeds of any Equity Issuance, (i) subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility (including, without limitation, payments of principal of, interest on, and any other amount in respect of the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility), (ii) the AN Extend Earn-Out or (iii) any Subordinated Indebtedness, in each case, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 25 of the Net Cash Proceeds of such Equity Issuance (after giving effect to any mandatory prepayment under Section 2.06(c)(iii)), 
 91 

(2) so long as, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase (x) the First Lien Leverage Ratio of Holdings and its Subsidiaries does not exceed 3.00 to 1.00, (y) Holdings and its Subsidiaries are in compliance of each of the financial covenants contained in Section 7.03, and (z) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments of the Deferred Monroe Fees, 
 (3) the Existing Warrants, Subordinated Debt and Existing Earn-Out Obligations may be paid or prepaid solely with Equity Interests of Holdings (and not in cash), 
 (4) subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, payments, prepayments, repayments, repurchases or redemptions of the Existing Second Lien Credit Facility constituting Permitted Second Lien Loan Payments, 
 (5) payments of the Exitus Renewal Fee (which has been paid) 
 (6) so long as, immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Exitus Subordination Agreement, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments under the Exitus Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,000,000 and 
 (7) so long as, (x) immediately prior to and after giving effect to such payment no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) prior to any such payments, the Loan Parties shall have repaid the Term Loan in the amounts required pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(w) and (x), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Exitus Subordination Agreement, this clause (ii) shall not be deemed to restrict any payments under the Exitus Indebtedness after June 15, 2023 in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,580,000. 
 iii. amend, modify or otherwise change any of its Governing Documents (including, without limitation, by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation, or any agreement or arrangement entered into by it) with respect to any of its Equity Interests (including any shareholders agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to any of its Equity Interests, except any such amendments, modifications or changes or any such new agreements or arrangements pursuant to this clause (iii) that either individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that no such amendment, modification or change or new agreement or arrangement shall provide for any plan of division pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (or any similar statute or provision under applicable law) or 
 iv. agree to any amendment, modification or other change to or waiver of any of its rights under any Material Contract if such amendment, modification, change or waiver would be materially adverse to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the Agents and the Lenders. 
 n. Investment Company Act of 1940 . Engage in any business, enter into any transaction, use any securities or take any other action or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing, that would cause it or any of its Subsidiaries to become subject to the registration requirements 
 92 

of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, by virtue of being an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company not entitled to an exemption within the meaning of such Act. 
 o. ERISA . (i) Cause or fail to prevent, or permit any of its ERISA Affiliates to cause or fail to prevent, an ERISA Event that individually or in the aggregate has, or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) adopt any employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA that provides benefits to employees after termination of employment other than as required by Section 601 of ERISA or other Requirements of Law. 
 p. Environmental . Permit the use, handling, generation, storage, treatment, Release or disposal of Hazardous Materials on, in, at, under or from any property owned, leased or operated by it or any of its Subsidiaries, except in compliance with Environmental Laws . 
 q. Accounting Methods . Modify or change, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to modify or change, its method of accounting or accounting principles from those utilized in the preparation of the Financial Statements (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP). 
 r. Sanctioned Persons Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws . 
 i. Conduct, nor permit any of its Subsidiaries to conduct, any business or engage in any transaction or deal with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, including the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to, from or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or 
 ii. Use, nor permit any of its Subsidiaries to use, directly or indirectly, any of the proceeds of any Loan, (A) to fund any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any other manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any Person (including by any Person participating in any Loan, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise), or (B) for the purpose of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 a. Accounts Payable . Have, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to have, any accounts payable that are more than 60 days past due in an aggregate amount greater than or equal to (i) at any time on or prior to March 24, 2023, 5,000,000, (ii) at any time after March 24, 2023 but on or prior to April 15, 2023, 3,000,000 and (iii) at any time thereafter, 1,300,000. 
 Section 7.03 Financial Covenants . So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing 
 a. Revenue . Permit Revenue of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below to be less than the amount set forth opposite such date 
 93 

Fiscal Month End Revenue June 30, 2022 150,000,000 September 30, 2022 150,000,000 December 31, 2022 150,000,000 March 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 150,000,000 
 
 b. First Lien Leverage Ratio . Permit the First Lien Leverage Ratio for any period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below to be greater than the ratio set forth opposite such date 
 Fiscal Quarter End First Lien Leverage Ratio March 31, 2023 6.38 1.00 April 30, 2023 6.60 1.00 May 31, 2023 6.20 1.00 June 30, 2023 6.00 1.00 July 31, 2023 5.28 1.00 August 31, 2023 4.51 1.00 September 30, 2023 4.12 1.00 October 31, 2023 3.50 1.00 November 30, 2023 3.14 1.00 December 31, 2023 4.63 1.00 January 31, 2024 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 3 50 1.00 
 
 c. Liquidity . Permit Liquidity to be (i) less than 1,000,000 at any time on or prior to March 24, 2023, (ii) less than 2,000,000 at any time after March 24, 2023 but on or prior to April 15, 2023 and (iii) less than 7,000,000 at any time thereafter. 
 d. LTM EBITDA . Unless the Loan Parties shall have prepaid the Term Loan in the principal amounts required pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(w) (together with all other Obligations required to be paid in connection with any such prepayment) on or prior to April 15, 2023, each Loan Party shall not 
 94 

permit the Consolidated EBITDA of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal month ends on a date set forth below to be less than the amount set forth opposite such date 
 Fiscal Month End Consolidated EBITDA March 31, 2023 9,953,000 April 30, 2023 9,627,000 May 31, 2023 10,238,000 June 30, 2023 10,607,000 July 31, 2023 12,023,000 August 31, 2023 14,055,000 September 30, 2023 15,415,000 October 31, 2023 18,117,000 November 30, 2023 20,224,000 December 31, 2023 and each fiscal month ending thereafter 13,707,000 

ARTICLE VIII CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS 
 Section 8.01 Cash Management Arrangements . (a) The Loan Parties shall (i) establish and maintain cash management services of a type and on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agents at one or more of the banks set forth on Schedule 8.01 (each a Cash Management Bank and (ii) except as otherwise provided under Section 8.01(b), deposit or cause to be deposited promptly, and in any event no later than the next Business Day after the date of receipt thereof, all proceeds in respect of any Collateral, all Collections (of a nature susceptible to a deposit in a bank account) and all other amounts received by any Loan Party (including payments made by Account Debtors directly to any Loan Party) into a Cash Management Account. 
 b. Subject to Section 7.01(r), the Loan Parties shall, with respect to each Cash Management Account (other than Excluded Accounts), deliver to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement with respect to such Cash Management Account. The Loan Parties shall not maintain, and shall not permit any of their Domestic Subsidiaries to maintain, cash, Cash Equivalents or other amounts in any deposit account or securities account (other than Excluded Accounts), unless the Collateral Agent 
 95 

shall have received a Control Agreement in respect of each such Cash Management Account provided that, the total amount of cash, Cash Equivalents or other amounts in any deposit account or securities account of any Foreign Subsidiary not subject to a Control Agreement shall not exceed, at any time on and after the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the Effective Date, 2,000,000. 
 c. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in a Control Agreement with respect to a Cash Management Account, all amounts received in such Cash Management Account shall at the Administrative Agent s direction be wired each Business Day into the Administrative Agent s Accounts, except that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent will not direct the Cash Management Bank to transfer funds in such Cash Management Account to the Administrative Agent s Accounts. 
 d. So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may amend Schedule 8.01 to add or replace a Cash Management Bank or Cash Management Account provided , however , that (i) such prospective Cash Management Bank shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Agent shall have consented in writing in advance to the opening of such Cash Management Account with the prospective Cash Management Bank, and (ii) prior to the time of the opening of such Cash Management Account, each Loan Party and such prospective Cash Management Bank shall have executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement. Each Loan Party shall close any of its Cash Management Accounts (and establish replacement cash management accounts in accordance with the foregoing sentence) promptly and in any event within 30 days of notice from the Collateral Agent that the creditworthiness of any Cash Management Bank is no longer acceptable in the Collateral Agent s reasonable judgment, or that the operating performance, funds transfer, or availability procedures or performance of such Cash Management Bank with respect to Cash Management Accounts or the Collateral Agent s liability under any Control Agreement with such Cash Management Bank is no longer acceptable in the Collateral Agent s reasonable judgment. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 Section 9.01 Events of Default . Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (each, an Event of Default 
 a. the Borrower shall fail to pay, when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), (i) any interest on any Loan, any Collateral Agent Advance, or any fee, indemnity or other amount payable under this Agreement (other than any portion thereof constituting principal of the Loans) or any other Loan Document, and such failure continues for a period of three (3) Business Days or (ii) all or any portion of the principal of the Loans 
 b. any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or by any officer of the foregoing under or in connection with any Loan Document or under or in connection with any certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant to any Loan Document shall have been incorrect in any material respect (or in any respect if such representation or warranty is qualified or modified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect in the text thereof) when made or deemed made 
 96 

c. any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in (i) Section 7.01(a), 7.01(b), Section 7.01(c), Section 7.01(d), Section 7.01(f), Section 7.01(h), Section 7.01(k), Section 7.01(m), Section 7.01(o), Section 7.01(r), Section 7.01(t), Section 7.02, Section 7.03 or Article VIII, or (ii) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in any Security Agreement to which it is a party or any Mortgage to which it is a party and such failure, in the case of this clause (c)(ii) shall remain unremedied for two (2) Business Days 
 d. any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document to be performed or observed by it and, except as set forth in subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 9.01, such failure, if capable of being remedied, shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of the date a senior officer of any Loan Party has knowledge of such failure and the date written notice of such default shall have been given by any Agent to such Loan Party 
 e. (i) Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) any principal, interest or other amount payable in respect of Indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement), which Indebtedness is in an aggregate amount at least equal to 500,000 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, under the Existing Second Lien Facility), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness, or any other default under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness, or any other event, shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness or any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof 
 f. Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries (i) shall institute any proceeding or voluntary case seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, (ii) shall be generally not paying its debts as such debts become due or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, (iii) shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iv) shall take any action to authorize or effect any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (f) 
 g. any proceeding shall be instituted against Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, and either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 30 days (or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, 60 days) or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against any such Person or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur 
 97 

h. any material provision of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party intended to be a party thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Loan Party that is party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Loan Party or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Loan Party shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document 
 i. any Security Agreement, any Mortgage or any other security document, after delivery thereof pursuant hereto, shall for any reason fail or cease to create a valid and perfected and, except to the extent permitted by the terms hereof or thereof, first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on any Collateral purported to be covered thereby 
 j. one or more judgments, orders or awards (or any settlement of any litigation or other proceeding that, if breached, could result in a judgment, order or award) for the payment of money exceeding 500,000 in the aggregate (except to the extent fully covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has been notified and has not denied coverage) shall be rendered against Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries and remain unsatisfied and (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon any such judgment, order, award or settlement or (ii) there shall be a period of 10 consecutive days (or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, a period of 30 consecutive days) after entry thereof during which (A) a stay of enforcement thereof is not be in effect or (B) the same is not vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal 
 k. Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries is enjoined, restrained or in any way prevented by the order of any court or any Governmental Authority from conducting, or otherwise ceases to conduct for any reason whatsoever, all or any material part of its business for more than 15 days 
 l. any material damage to, or loss, theft or destruction of, any Collateral, whether or not insured, or any strike, lockout, labor dispute, embargo, condemnation, act of God or public enemy, or other casualty which causes, for more than 15 consecutive days, the cessation or substantial curtailment of revenue producing activities at any facility of any Loan Party, if any such event or circumstance could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 m. the loss, suspension or revocation of, or failure to renew, any license or permit now held or hereafter acquired by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, if such loss, suspension, revocation or failure to renew could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 n. the indictment, or the threatened indictment of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any senior officer thereof under any criminal statute, or commencement or threatened commencement of criminal or civil proceedings against Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any senior officer thereof, pursuant to which statute or proceedings the penalties or remedies sought or available include forfeiture to any Governmental Authority of any material portion of the property of Holdings or any such Subsidiary or any property that such senior officer holds in his or her capacity as an officer 
 o. (i) there shall occur one or more ERISA Events that individually or in the aggregate results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in excess of 500,000, or (ii) there exists any fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code 
 98 

or Section 4068 of ERISA upon the property or rights to property of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates 
 p. (i) there shall occur and be continuing any Event of Default (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in the documents evidencing or governing the Existing Second Lien Facility (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Default or Event of Default thereunder that does not constitute a Default or Event of Default hereunder) or any other Subordinated Indebtedness, (ii) any of the Obligations for any reason shall cease to be Senior Indebtedness or Designated Senior Indebtedness (or any comparable terms) under, and as defined in the documents evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness, (iii) any Indebtedness other than the Obligations shall constitute Designated Senior Indebtedness (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, the documents evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness, (iv) any holder of Subordinated Indebtedness shall fail to perform or comply with any of the subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing such Subordinated Indebtedness, or (v) the subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable Subordinated Indebtedness or 
 q. a Change of Control shall have occurred 
 then, and in any such event, the Collateral Agent may, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, (i) terminate or reduce all Commitments, whereupon all Commitments shall immediately be so terminated or reduced, (ii) other than with respect to (A) the Event of Default under Section 9.01(a) occurring solely as a result of the failure to make the principal payments required pursuant to Sections 2.03(b)(w), (x) and (y) , or (B) the Event of Default under Section 9.01(e) occurring solely as a result of the Loan Parties failure to pay the principal payments required under the Exitus Indebtedness (but, in the case of this clause (B), only for so long as the lenders under the Exitus Indebtedness have not accelerated or otherwise begun to exercise remedies with respect to such Exitus Indebtedness), declare all or any portion of the Loans then outstanding to be accelerated and due and payable, whereupon all or such portion of the aggregate principal of all Loans, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall become due and payable immediately, together with the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, with respect to the Commitments so terminated and the Loans so repaid, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Loan Party and (iii) exercise any and all of its other rights and remedies under applicable law, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents provided , however , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in subsection (f) or (g) of this Section 9.01 with respect to any Loan Party, without any notice to any Loan Party or any other Person or any act by any Agent or any Lender, all Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Loans then outstanding, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts due under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Applicable Premium, if any, shall be accelerated and become due and payable automatically and immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by each Loan Party. 
 Section 9.02 Cure Right . In the event that Holdings fails to comply with the requirements of the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.03(a) or 7.03(b), during the period from the date that is 60 days prior to and until the expiration of the 10th Business Days after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered with respect to the applicable fiscal quarter hereunder, Holdings shall have the right to (a) issue Permitted Cure Equity for cash or otherwise receive cash 
 99 

contributions to the capital of Holdings or (b) incur Additional Second Lien Indebtedness, and to have all of such cash contributions and Additional Second Lien Indebtedness deemed, for purposes of said Sections, to be both Revenue and EBITDA for such fiscal quarter (and for the avoidance of doubt, only for such fiscal quarter), including for purposes of calculating compliance with such Sections as of the last day of any subsequent fiscal quarter (the Cure Right provided that (i) such proceeds are actually received by Holdings during the period from the date that is 60 days prior to and until the expiration of the 10th Business Days after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered with respect to such fiscal quarter hereunder, (ii) the Cure Right shall not be exercised more than five (5) times during the term of the Loans, (iii) the Cure Right shall not be exercised in consecutive fiscal quarters, (iv) such proceeds shall be applied to prepay the Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(c)(v) and (v) each such Permitted Cure Equity or Additional Second Lien Indebtedness shall be designated at the time of issuance or incurrence for application under the Cure Right pursuant to this Section 9.02. If, after giving effect to the treatment of such cash contributions or Additional Second Lien Indebtedness as Revenue and EBITDA, Holdings is in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Sections 7.03(a) and 7.03(b), Holdings shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of each such Section as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply on such date, and the applicable breach or default of such Section 7.03(a) and or Section 7.03(b) that had occurred shall be deemed cured for purposes of this Agreement. The parties hereby acknowledge that this Section may not be relied on for purposes of calculating any financial ratios other than as applicable to Sections 7.03(a) and 7.03(b). 
 ARTICLE X 
 AGENTS 
 
 Section 10.01 Appointment . Each Lender (and each subsequent maker of any Loan by its making thereof) hereby irrevocably appoints, authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to perform the duties of each such Agent as set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, including (i) to receive on behalf of each Lender any payment of principal of or interest on the Loans outstanding hereunder and all other amounts accrued hereunder for the account of the Lenders and paid to such Agent, and, subject to Section 2.02 of this Agreement, to distribute promptly to each Lender its Pro Rata Share of all payments so received (ii) to distribute to each Lender copies of all material notices and agreements received by such Agent and not required to be delivered to each Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, provided that the Agents shall not have any liability to the Lenders for any Agent s inadvertent failure to distribute any such notices or agreements to the Lenders (iii) to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Obligations, the Loans, and related matters and to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Collateral and related matters (iv) to execute or file any and all financing or similar statements or notices, amendments, renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written agreements with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (v) to make the Loans and Collateral Agent Advances, for such Agent or on behalf of the applicable Lenders as provided in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (vi) to perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and remedies of the Lenders with respect to the Loan Parties, the Obligations, or otherwise related to any of same to the extent reasonably incidental to the exercise by such Agent of the rights and remedies specifically authorized to be exercised by such Agent by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (vii) to incur and pay such fees necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions and powers pursuant to this 
 100 

Agreement or any other Loan Document (viii) subject to Section 10.03, to take such action as such Agent deems appropriate on its behalf to administer the Loans and the Loan Documents and to exercise such other powers delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof or the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the power to give or to refuse to give notices, waivers, consents, approvals and instructions and the power to make or to refuse to make determinations and calculations) and (ix) to act with respect to all Collateral under the Loan Documents, including for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations. As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of the Loans), the Agents shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), and such instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) shall be binding upon all Lenders and all makers of Loans provided , however , the Agents shall not be required to take any action which, in the reasonable opinion of any Agent, exposes such Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law. 
 Section 10.02 Nature of Duties Delegation . (a) The Agents shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents. The duties of the Agents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. The Agents shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, express or implied, is intended to or shall be construed to impose upon the Agents any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document except as expressly set forth herein or therein. Each Lender shall make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Loan Parties in connection with the making and the continuance of the Loans hereunder and shall make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and the value of the Collateral without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties, and neither the Agents nor any of their Related Parties shall have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into their possession before the initial Loan hereunder or at any time or times thereafter, provided that, upon the reasonable request of a Lender, each Agent shall provide to such Lender any documents or reports delivered to such Agent by the Loan Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If any Agent seeks the consent or approval of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) to the taking or refraining from taking any action hereunder, such Agent shall send notice thereof to each Lender. Each Agent shall promptly notify each Lender any time that the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) have instructed such Agent to act or refrain from acting pursuant hereto. 
 b. Each Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any of its Related Parties or any other trustee, co-agent or other Person (including any Lender). Any such Related Party, trustee, co-agent or other Person shall benefit from this Article X to the extent provided by the applicable Agent. 
 Section 10.03 Rights, Exculpation, Etc . The Agents and their Related Parties shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by them under or in connection with this Agreement or 
 101 

the other Loan Documents, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents (i) may treat the payee of any Loan as the owner thereof until the Collateral Agent receives written notice of the assignment or transfer thereof, pursuant to Section 12.07 hereof, signed by such payee and in form satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (ii) may consult with legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to any Agent or counsel to the Loan Parties), independent public accountants, and other experts selected by any of them and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by any of them in accordance with the advice of such counsel or experts (iii) make no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, certificates, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents on the part of any Person, the existence or possible existence of any Default or Event of Default, or to inspect the Collateral or other property (including, without limitation, the books and records) of any Person (v) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto and (vi) shall not be deemed to have made any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Agents be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. The Agents shall not be liable for any apportionment or distribution of payments made in good faith pursuant to Section 4.03, and if any such apportionment or distribution is subsequently determined to have been made in error, and the sole recourse of any Lender to whom payment was due but not made shall be to recover from other Lenders any payment in excess of the amount which they are determined to be entitled. The Agents may at any time request instructions from the Lenders with respect to any actions or approvals which by the terms of this Agreement or of any of the other Loan Documents the Agents are permitted or required to take or to grant, and if such instructions are promptly requested, the Agents shall be absolutely entitled to refrain from taking any action or to withhold any approval under any of the Loan Documents until they shall have received such instructions from the Required Lenders. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against any Agent as a result of such Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents). 
 Section 10.04 Reliance . Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notices, statements, certificates, orders or other documents or any telephone message believed by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person, and with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and its duties hereunder or thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it. 
 Section 10.05 Indemnification . To the extent that any Agent or any Related Party of the foregoing is not reimbursed and indemnified by any Loan Party, and whether or not such Agent has made demand on any Loan Party for the same, the Lenders will, within five (5) days of written demand by such Agent, reimburse such Agent and such Related Parties for and indemnify such Agent and such Related Parties from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, client charges and expenses of counsel or any other advisor to such Agent and such Related Parties), advances or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent and the Related Parties 
 102 

in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent and such Related Parties under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, in proportion to each Lender s Pro Rata Share, including, without limitation, advances and disbursements made pursuant to Section 10.08 provided , however , that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, advances or disbursements for which there has been a final non-appealable judicial determination that such liability resulted from such Agent s or such Related Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.05 shall survive the payment in full of the Loans and the termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 10.06 Agents Individually . With respect to its Pro Rata Share of the Total Commitment hereunder and the Loans made by it, each Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or maker of a Loan. The terms Lenders or Required Lenders or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include each Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender or one of the Required Lenders. Each Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with the Borrower as if it were not acting as an Agent pursuant hereto without any duty to account to the other Lenders. 
 Section 10.07 Successor Agent . (a) Any Agent may at any time give at least 30 days prior written notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent. If no such successor Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent. Whether or not a successor Agent has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 b. With effect from the Resignation Effective Date, (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by such Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such retiring Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as a successor Agent shall have been appointed as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s Agent s appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. After the retiring Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article, Section 12.04 and Section 12.15 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while the retiring Agent was acting as Agent. 
 Section 10.08 Collateral Matters . 
 a. The Collateral Agent may from time to time make such disbursements and advances Collateral Agent Advances which the Collateral Agent, in its sole discretion, deems 
 103 

necessary or desirable to preserve, protect, prepare for sale or lease or dispose of the Collateral or any portion thereof, to enhance the likelihood or maximize the amount of repayment by the Borrower of the Loans and other Obligations or to pay any other amount chargeable to the Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, costs, fees and expenses as described in Section 10.18 and Section 12.04. The Collateral Agent Advances shall be repayable on demand and be secured by the Collateral and shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Reference Rate Loans. The Collateral Agent Advances shall constitute Obligations hereunder which may be charged to the Loan Account in accordance with Section 4.01. The Collateral Agent shall notify each Lender and the Borrower in writing of each such Collateral Agent Advance, which notice shall include a description of the purpose of such Collateral Agent Advance. Without limitation to its obligations pursuant to Section 10.05, each Lender agrees that it shall make available to the Collateral Agent, upon the Collateral Agent s demand, in Dollars in immediately available funds, the amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of each such Collateral Agent Advance. If such funds are not made available to the Collateral Agent by such Lender, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to recover such funds on demand from such Lender, together with interest thereon for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Collateral Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for three (3) Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate. 
 b. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Collateral Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien granted to or held by the Collateral Agent upon any Collateral upon termination of the Total Commitment and payment and satisfaction of all Loans and all other Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) in accordance with the terms hereof or constituting property being sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of any Loan Party s business or otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or constituting property in which the Loan Parties owned no interest at the time the Lien was granted or at any time thereafter or if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Lenders in accordance with Section 12.02. Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 10.08(b). 
 c. Without in any manner limiting the Collateral Agent s authority to act without any specific or further authorization or consent by the Lenders (as set forth in Section 10.08(b)), each Lender agrees to confirm in writing, upon request by the Collateral Agent, the authority to release Collateral conferred upon the Collateral Agent under Section 10.08(b). Upon receipt by the Collateral Agent of confirmation from the Lenders of its authority to release any particular item or types of Collateral, and upon prior written request by any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders upon such Collateral provided , however , that (i) the Collateral Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Collateral Agent s opinion, would expose the Collateral Agent to liability or create any obligations or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Obligations or any Lien upon (or obligations of any Loan Party in respect of) all interests in the Collateral retained by any Loan Party. 
 d. Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Loan Parties, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that (i) no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral under any Loan Document or to enforce any Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with the 
 104 

terms thereof, (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and (iii) the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Agents and the Lenders (but not any other Agent or any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral to be sold (A) at any public or private sale, (B) at any sale conducted by the Collateral Agent under the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the Uniform Commercial Code), (C) at any sale or foreclosure conducted by the Collateral Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with applicable law or (D) any sale conducted pursuant to the provisions of any Debtor Relief Law (including Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code), to use and apply all or any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale. 
 e. The Collateral Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any Lender to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by the Loan Parties or is cared for, protected or insured or has been encumbered or that the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document has been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected or enforced or is entitled to any particular priority, or to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to the Collateral Agent in this Section 10.08 or in any other Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission or event related thereto, the Collateral Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion, given the Collateral Agent s own interest in the Collateral as one of the Lenders and that the Collateral Agent shall have no duty or liability whatsoever to any other Lender, except as otherwise provided herein. 
 Section 10.09 Agency for Perfection . Each Agent and each Lender hereby appoints each other Agent and each other Lender as agent and bailee for the purpose of perfecting the security interests in and liens upon the Collateral in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, can be perfected only by possession or control (or where the security interest of a secured party with possession or control has priority over the security interest of another secured party) and each Agent and each Lender hereby acknowledges that it holds possession of or otherwise controls any such Collateral for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders as secured party. Should the Administrative Agent or any Lender obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or in accordance with the Collateral Agent s instructions. In addition, the Collateral Agent shall also have the power and authority hereunder to appoint such other sub-agents as may be necessary or required under applicable state law or otherwise to perform its duties and enforce its rights with respect to the Collateral and under the Loan Documents. Each Loan Party by its execution and delivery of this Agreement hereby consents to the foregoing. 
 Section 10.10 No Reliance on any Agent s Customer Identification Program . Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on any Agent to carry out such Lender s, Affiliate s, participant s or assignee s customer identification program, or other requirements imposed by the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations issued thereunder, including the regulations set forth in 31 C.F.R. 1010.100(yy), (iii), 1020.100, and 1020.220 (formerly 31 C.F.R. 103.121), as hereafter amended or replaced CIP Regulations ), or any other Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including any programs involving any of the 
 105 

following items relating to or in connection with any of the Loan Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Loan Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby (1) any identity verification procedures, (2) any recordkeeping, (3) comparisons with government lists, (4) customer notices or (5) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or other regulations issued under the USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender, Affiliate, participant or assignee subject to Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act will perform the measures necessary to satisfy its own responsibilities under the CIP Regulations. 
 Section 10.11 No Third Party Beneficiaries . The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 
 Section 10.12 No Fiduciary Relationship . It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Document (or any other similar term) with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 Section 10.13 Reports Confidentiality Disclaimers . By becoming a party to this Agreement, each Lender 
 a. is deemed to have requested that each Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after it becomes available, a copy of each field audit or examination report with respect to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a Report prepared by or at the request of such Agent, and each Agent shall so furnish each Lender with each such Report, 
 b. expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Agents (i) do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any Reports, and (ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Reports, 
 c. expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that any Agent or other party performing any audit or examination will inspect only specific information regarding Holdings and its Subsidiaries and will rely significantly upon Holdings and its Subsidiaries books and records, as well as on representations of their personnel, 
 d. agrees to keep all Reports and other material, non-public information regarding Holdings and its Subsidiaries and their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans in a confidential manner in accordance with Section 12.19, and 
 e. without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees (i) to hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or fail to take or any conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any loans or other credit accommodations that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrower, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a loan or loans of the Borrower, and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend and hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including, attorneys fees and costs) incurred by any such Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report as 
 106 

the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 
 Section 10.14 Collateral Custodian . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default, the Collateral Agent or its designee may at any time and from time to time employ and maintain on the premises of any Loan Party a custodian selected by the Collateral Agent or its designee who shall have full authority to do all acts necessary to protect the Agents and the Lenders interests. Each Loan Party hereby agrees to, and to cause its Subsidiaries to, cooperate with any such custodian and to do whatever the Collateral Agent or its designee may reasonably request to preserve the Collateral. All costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent or its designee by reason of the employment of the custodian shall be the responsibility of the Borrower and charged to the Loan Account. 
 Section 10.15 Intercreditor Agreement . Each Lender hereby grants to the Collateral Agent all requisite authority to enter into or otherwise become bound by, and to perform its obligations and exercise its rights and remedies under and in accordance with the terms of, the Intercreditor Agreement and to bind the Lenders thereto by the Collateral Agent s entering into or otherwise becoming bound thereby, and no further consent or approval on the part of any Lender is or will be required in connection with the performance by the Collateral Agent of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Section 10.16 Collateral Agent May File Proofs of Claim 
 a. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether any Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 b. to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Secured Parties (including any claim for the compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Secured Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 c. to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Secured Party to make such payments to the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Collateral Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Secured Parties, to pay to the Collateral Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 
 Section 10.17 Erroneous Distribution . If all or any part of any payment or other distribution by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, Lender, or other Person is determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion to have been made in error as determined by the Administrative Agent (any such distribution, an Erroneous Distribution ), then the Borrower, 
 107 

Lender, or other Person shall forthwith on written demand (accompanied by a reasonably detailed calculation of such Erroneous Distribution) repay to the Administrative Agent the amount of such Erroneous Distribution received by such Person. Any determination by the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, that all or a portion of any distribution to the Borrower, a Lender, or other Person was an Erroneous Distribution shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Borrower, Lender, and other potential recipient of an Erroneous Distribution hereunder waives any claim of discharge for value and any other claim of entitlement to, or in respect of, any Erroneous Distribution. 
 ARTICLE XI 
 GUARANTY 
 Section 11.01 Guaranty. Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally and unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, whether for principal, interest (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding of the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such Insolvency Proceeding) fees, commissions, expense reimbursements, indemnifications or otherwise (such obligations, to the extent not paid by the Borrower, being the Guaranteed Obligations ), and agrees to pay any and all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the Secured Parties in enforcing any rights under the guaranty set forth in this Article XI. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor s liability shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by the Borrower to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of an Insolvency Proceeding involving the Borrower. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Guaranteed Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations. In no event shall the obligation of any Guarantor hereunder exceed the maximum amount such Guarantor could guarantee under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 Section 11.02 Guaranty Absolute. Each Guarantor jointly and severally guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto. Each Guarantor agrees that this Article XI constitutes a guaranty of payment when due and not of collection and waives any right to require that any resort be made by any Agent or any Lender to any Collateral. The obligations of each Guarantor under this Article XI are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce such obligations, irrespective of whether any action is brought against any Loan Party or whether any Loan Party is joined in any such action or actions. The liability of each Guarantor under this Article XI shall be irrevocable, absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now or hereafter have in any way relating to, any or all of the following 
 a. any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto 
 b. any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any increase in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or otherwise 
 108 

c. any taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations 
 d. the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Guarantor may have at any time against any Person, including, without limitation, any Secured Party 
 e. any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate, limited liability company or partnership structure or existence of any Loan Party or 
 f. any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation by the Secured Parties that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party or any other guarantor or surety. 
 This Article XI shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Secured Parties or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 
 Section 11.03 Waiver . Each Guarantor hereby waives (i) promptness and diligence, (ii) notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Article XI and any requirement that the Secured Parties exhaust any right or take any action against any Loan Party or any other Person or any Collateral, (iii) any right to compel or direct any Secured Party to seek payment or recovery of any amounts owed under this Article XI from any one particular fund or source or to exhaust any right or take any action against any other Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, (iv) any requirement that any Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right to take any action against any Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, and (v) any other defense available to any Guarantor. Each Guarantor agrees that the Secured Parties shall have no obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Guarantor or against, or in payment of, any or all of the Obligations. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated herein and that the waiver set forth in this Section 11.03 is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. Each Guarantor hereby waives any right to revoke this Article XI, and acknowledges that this Article XI is continuing in nature and applies to all Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future. 
 Section 11.04 Continuing Guaranty Assignments . This Article XI is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the later of the cash payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI and the Final Maturity Date, (b) be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Secured Parties and their successors, pledgees, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any Lender may pledge, assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Commitments, its Loans owing to it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted such Lender herein or otherwise, in each case as provided in Section 12.07. 
 Section 11.05 Subrogation . No Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Loan Party or any other guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor s obligations under this Article XI, including, without 
 109 

limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Secured Parties against any Loan Party or any other guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Loan Party or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI shall have been paid in full in cash and the Final Maturity Date shall have occurred. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the later of the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI and the Final Maturity Date, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XI, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Guaranteed Obligations or other amounts payable under this Article XI thereafter arising. If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to the Secured Parties of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XI shall be paid in full in cash and (iii) the Final Maturity Date shall have occurred, the Secured Parties will, at such Guarantor s request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from such payment by such Guarantor. 
 Section 11.06 Contribution . All Guarantors desire to allocate among themselves, in a fair and equitable manner, their obligations arising under this Article XI. Accordingly, in the event any payment or distribution is made on any date by a Guarantor under this Article XI such that its Aggregate Payments exceeds its Fair Share as of such date, such Guarantor shall be entitled to a contribution from each of the other Guarantors in an amount sufficient to cause each Guarantor s Aggregate Payments to equal its Fair Share as of such date. Fair Share means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the ratio of (i) the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to such Guarantor, to (ii) the aggregate of the Fair Share Contribution Amounts with respect to all Guarantors multiplied by, (b) the aggregate amount paid or distributed on or before such date by all Guarantors under this Article XI in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. Fair Share Contribution Amount means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, the maximum aggregate amount of the obligations of such Guarantor under this Article XI that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any comparable applicable provisions of state law provided , solely for purposes of calculating the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to any Guarantor for purposes of this Section 11.06, any assets or liabilities of such Guarantor arising by virtue of any rights to subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification or any rights to or obligations of contribution hereunder shall not be considered as assets or liabilities of such Guarantor. Aggregate Payments means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (A) the aggregate amount of all payments and distributions made on or before such date by such Guarantor in respect of this Article XI(including, without limitation, in respect of this Section 11.06), minus (B) the aggregate amount of all payments received on or before such date by such Guarantor from the other Guarantors as contributions under this Section 11.06. The amounts payable as contributions hereunder shall be determined as of the date on which the related payment or distribution is made by the applicable Guarantor. The allocation among Guarantors of their obligations as set forth in this Section 11.06 shall not be construed in any way to limit 
 110 

the liability of any Guarantor hereunder. Each Guarantor is a third party beneficiary to the contribution agreement set forth in this Section 11.06. 
 ARTICLE XII 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 12.01 Notices, Etc. 
 a. Notices Generally . All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, or telecopier. In the case of notices or other communications to any Loan Party, Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below (or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section 12.01) 
 AgileThought, Inc. 
 222 Urban Towers 
 Suite 1650 E 
 Irving, TX 75039 Attention Chief Financial Officer Telephone 1(877)5149180 Email amit.singh agilethought.com 

with a copy to 
 Mayer Brown LLP 
 1221 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, New York 10020-1001 Attention Juan Pablo Moreno P. Telephone (212) 506-2443 
 Email JMoreno mayerbrown.com 
 
 AgileThought, Inc. 222 Urban Towers 
 Suite 1650 E 
 Irving, TX 75039 Attention Chief Legal Officer Telephone 1(877)5149180 Email diana.abril agilethought.com 

if to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to it at the following address 
 Blue Torch Finance LLC c o Blue Torch Capital LP 
 111 

150 East 58 th Street, 18 th Floor New York, New York 10155 Email BlueTorchAgency alterdomus.com 
 with a copy to 
 SEI Blue Torch Capital Loan Ops 
 1 Freedom Valley Drive 
 Oaks, Pennsylvania 19456 
 Telecopier (469) 709-1839 
 Email bluetorch.loanops seic.com 
 
 in each case, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to 
 Ropes & Gray LLP 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Attention Leonard Klingbaum and Nell Ethridge 
 Telephone 212-596-9747 Email leonard.klingbaum ropesgray.com nell.ethridge ropesgray.com 
 Telecopier 646-728-2694 
 
 All notices or other communications sent in accordance with this Section 12.01, shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or three (3) Business Days after the deposit thereof in the mail provided , that (i) notices sent by overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received and (ii) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient), provided , further that notices to any Agent pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until received by such Agent. 
 b. Electronic Communications . 
 i. Each Agent and the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Agents, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Agents that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. 
 ii. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (B) notices or communications posted to an internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (A), of notification that such notice or 
 112 

communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (A) and (B) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 Section 12.02 Amendments, Etc . No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (excluding the Fee Letter), and no consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed (a) in the case of an amendment, consent or waiver to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or granting a new Lien for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders or extending an existing Lien over additional property, by the Agents and the Borrower, (b) in the case of any other waiver or consent, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (c) in the case of any other amendment, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 i. increase the Commitment of any Lender, reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Loans payable to any Lender, reduce the amount of any fee payable for the account of any Lender, or postpone or extend any scheduled date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest or fees on, the Loans payable to any Lender, in each case, without the written consent of such Lender 
 ii. increase the Total Commitment without the written consent of each Lender 
 iii. change the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans that is required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder without the written consent of each Lender 
 iv. amend the definition of Required Lenders or Pro Rata Share without the written consent of each Lender 
 v. release all or a substantial portion of the Collateral (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), subordinate any Lien granted in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, or release the Borrower or any Guarantor (except in connection with a Disposition of the Equity Interests thereof permitted by Section 7.02(c)(ii)), in each case, without the written consent of each Lender provided , that the Required Lenders may elect to release all or a substantial portion of the Collateral without the requirement to obtain the written consent of each Lender if such release is in connection with (x) an exercise of remedies by the Collateral Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders pursuant to Section 9.01 or (y) any Disposition of all or a substantial portion of the Collateral by one or more of the Loan Parties with the consent of the Required Lenders after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default so long as such Disposition is conducted in a commercially reasonable manner as if such Disposition were a disposition of collateral by a secured creditor in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or 
 vi. amend, modify or waive Section 4.02, Section 4.03 or this Section 12.02 of this Agreement without the written consent of each Lender. 
 b. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 12.02(a) 
 113 

i. no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Agent, affect the rights or duties of such Agent (but not in its capacity as a Lender) under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents 
 ii. any amendment, waiver or consent to any provision of this Agreement (including Sections 4.01 and 4.02) that permits any Loan Party, any Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of Holdings) or any of their respective Affiliates to purchase Loans on a non-pro rata basis, become an eligible assignee pursuant to Section 12.07 and or make offers to make optional prepayments on a non-pro rata basis shall require the prior written consent of the Required Lenders rather than the prior written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby 
 iii. any Control Agreement, Guaranty, Mortgage, Security Agreement, collateral access agreement, landlord waiver or other agreement or document purporting to create or perfect a security interest in any of the Collateral (a Collateral Document may be amended, waived or otherwise modified with the consent of the applicable Agent and the applicable Loan Party without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender or any other Person if such amendment, modification, supplement or waiver is delivered in order (A) to comply with local Requirements of Law (including foreign law or regulatory requirements) or advice of local counsel, (B) to cure any ambiguity, inconsistency, omission, mistake or defect or (C) to cause such Collateral Document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an ambiguity, inconsistency, omission, mistake or defect, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document (other than a Collateral Document), then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision any amendment, waiver or modification pursuant to this paragraph shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof 
 iv. no consent of any Loan Party shall be required to change any order of priority set forth in Section 2.06(d) and Section 4.03 
 v. the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may enter into an amendment to this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.08(g) to reflect an alternate service or index rate and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable and 
 vi. no Defaulting Lender, Loan Party, Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of Holdings) or any of their respective Affiliates that is a Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent under the Loan Documents and any Loans held by such Person for purposes hereof shall be automatically deemed to be voted pro rata according to the Loans of all other Lenders in the aggregate (other than such Defaulting Lender, Loan Party, Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of Holdings) or Affiliate). 
 c. If any action to be taken by the Lenders hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all of the Lenders or any Lender affected thereby, and a Lender other than the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates and Related Funds (the Holdout Lender fails to give its consent, authorization, or agreement, then the Collateral Agent, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior irrevocable notice to the Holdout Lender, may permanently replace the Holdout Lender with one or more substitute lenders (each, a Replacement Lender ), and the Holdout Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder. Such notice to replace the Holdout Lender shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days 
 114 

after the date such notice is given. Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender and each Replacement Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Holdout Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever. If the Holdout Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Holdout Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07. Until such time as the Replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and obligations of the Holdout Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Holdout Lender shall remain obligated to make its Pro Rata Share of Loans. 
 Section 12.03 No Waiver Remedies, Etc . No failure on the part of any Agent or any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right under any Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies of the Agents and the Lenders provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law. The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under any Loan Document against any party thereto are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by the Agents and the Lenders to exercise any of their rights under any other Loan Document against such party or against any other Person. 
 Section 12.04 Expenses Taxes Attorneys Fees . The Borrower will pay on demand, all costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of each Agent (and, in the case of clauses (b) through (m) below, each Lender), regardless of whether the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, including, without limitation, reasonable fees, costs, client charges and expenses of counsel for each Agent (and, in the case of clauses (b) through (m) below, each Lender), accounting, due diligence, periodic field audits, physical counts, valuations, investigations, searches and filings, monitoring of assets, appraisals of Collateral, the rating of the Loans, title searches and reviewing environmental assessments, miscellaneous disbursements, examination, travel, lodging and meals, arising from or relating to (a) the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the preparation of any additional Loan Documents pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or the review of any of the agreements, instruments and documents referred to in Section 7.01(f)), (b) any requested amendments, waivers or consents to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents whether or not such documents become effective or are given, (c) the preservation and protection of the Agents or any of the Lenders rights under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (d) the defense of any claim or action asserted or brought against any Agent or any Lender by any Person that arises from or relates to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Agents or the Lenders claims against any Loan Party, or any and all matters in connection therewith, (e) the commencement or defense of, or intervention in, any court proceeding arising from or related to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (f) the filing of any petition, complaint, answer, motion or other pleading by any Agent or any Lender, or the taking of any action in respect of the Collateral or other security, in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (g) the protection, collection, lease, sale, taking possession of or liquidation of, any Collateral or other security in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (h) any attempt to enforce any Lien or security interest in any Collateral or other security in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (i) any attempt to collect from any Loan Party, (j) any Environmental Claim, Environmental Liability or Remedial Action arising from or in connection with the past, present or future operations of, or any property currently, formerly or in the future owned, leased or operated by, any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor in interest, (k) any Environmental Lien, (l) the 
 115 

rating of the Loans by one or more rating agencies in connection with any Lender s Securitization, or (m) the receipt by any Agent or any Lender of any advice from professionals with respect to any of the foregoing. Without limitation of the foregoing or any other provision of any Loan Document (x) the Borrower agrees to pay all broker fees that may become due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (y) if the Borrower fail to perform any covenant or agreement contained herein or in any other Loan Document, any Agent may itself perform or cause performance of such covenant or agreement, and the expenses of such Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be reimbursed on demand by the Borrower. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 12.04 shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and discharge of any Liens granted under the Loan Documents. 
 Section 12.05 Right of Set-off. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any Agent or any Lender may, and is hereby authorized to, at any time and from time to time, without notice to any Loan Party (any such notice being expressly waived by the Loan Parties) and to the fullest extent permitted by law, set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other Indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all obligations of the Loan Parties either now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of set-off, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.04 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of set-off. Each Agent and each Lender agrees to notify such Loan Party promptly after any such set-off and application made by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under this Section 12.05 are in addition to the other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) which the Agents and the Lenders may have under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents of law or otherwise. 
 Section 12.06 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 12.07 Assignments and Participations. 
 a. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party and each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns provided , however , that none of the Loan Parties may assign or transfer any of its rights hereunder or under the other Loan Documents without the prior written consent of each Lender and any such assignment without the Lenders prior written consent shall be null and void. 
 b. Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (c) below, each Lender may assign to one or more other lenders or other entities all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to 
 116 

i. all or a portion of its Term Loan Commitment and any Term Loan made by it with the written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) and each Agent, and 
 ii. all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment and the Revolving Loans made by it with the written consent the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) and each Agent 
 provided , however , that no written consent of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent shall be required (A) in connection with any assignment by a Lender to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender or (B) if such assignment is in connection with any merger, consolidation, sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or any substantial portion of the business or loan portfolio of such Lender provided further, that under this Section 12.07(b), the consent of the Borrower shall not be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 c. Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 i. Each such assignment shall be in an amount which is at least 5,000,000 or a multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or the remainder of such Lender s Commitment) (except such minimum amount shall not apply to an assignment by a Lender to (A) a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender or (B) a group of new Lenders, each of whom is an Affiliate or Related Fund of each other to the extent the aggregate amount to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least 5,000,000 or a multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof) 
 ii. The parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for its acceptance, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with any promissory note subject to such assignment and such parties shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, a processing and recordation fee of 5,000 (except the payment of such fee shall not be required in connection with an assignment by a Lender to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender) and all documentation and other information that such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering or terrorist financing rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and 
 iii. No such assignment shall be made to (A) any Loan Party, any Permitted Holder (or other equity holder of Holdings) or any of their respective Affiliates or (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B). 
 d. Upon such execution, delivery and acceptance, from and after the recordation date of each Assignment and Acceptance on the Register, , (A) the assignee thereunder shall become a Lender hereunder and, in addition to the rights and obligations hereunder held by it immediately prior to such effective date, have the rights and obligations hereunder that have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance and (B) the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto). 
 117 

e. By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto (ii) the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the performance or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other documents and information it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon the assigning Lender, any Agent or any Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (v) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Agents to take such action as agents on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Agents by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental hereto and thereto and (vi) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 f. The Administrative Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain, or cause to be maintained at one of its offices, a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitments of, and the principal amount of the Loans (and stated interest thereon)owing to each Lender from time to time. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior written notice. 
 g. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a completed Assignment and Acceptance, and subject to any consent required from the Borrower, Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 12.07(b) (which consent of the applicable Agent and Borrower must be evidenced by such Agent s or Borrower s execution of an acceptance to such Assignment and Acceptance), the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment, record the information contained therein in the Register (as adjusted to reflect any principal payments on or amounts capitalized and added to the principal balance of the Loans and or Commitment reductions made subsequent to the effective date of the applicable assignment, as confirmed in writing by the corresponding assignor and assignee in conjunction with delivery of the assignment to the Administrative Agent) and provide to the Collateral Agent a copy of the fully executed Assignment and Acceptance. 
 h. A Loan (and the note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each note shall expressly so provide). Any assignment or sale of all or part of a Loan (and the note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register or the Register, together with the surrender of the note, if any, evidencing the same duly endorsed by (or accompanied by 
 118 

a written instrument of assignment or sale duly executed by) the holder of such note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s), one or more new notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s). 
 i. If any Lender sells participations in a Loan, such Lender shall, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of the Borrower, maintain, or cause to be maintained, a register, on which it enters the name of all participants in the Loans held by it and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of the Loan that is the subject of the participation (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under the Code or Treasury Regulations, including without limitation, Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. A Loan (and the note, if any, evidencing the same) may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation on the Participant Register (and each note shall expressly so provide). Any participation of such Loan (and the note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register. The Participant Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 j. Any Person who purchases or is assigned or participates in any portion of such Loan shall comply with Section 2.10(d). 
 k. Each Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans made by it) provided , that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement (including without limitation, its Commitments hereunder) and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and the Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (iii) a participant shall not be entitled to require such Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder except (A) action directly effecting an extension of the maturity dates or decrease in the principal amount of the Loans, (B) action directly effecting an extension of the due dates or a decrease in the rate of interest payable on the Loans or the fees payable under this Agreement, or (C) actions directly effecting a release of all or a substantial portion of the Collateral or any Loan Party (except as set forth in Section 10.08 of this Agreement or any other Loan Document). The Loan Parties agree that each participant shall be entitled to the benefit of Section 2.10 and Section 2.11 of this Agreement with respect to its participation in any portion of the Commitments and the Loans as if it were a Lender provided that a participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.10 or Section 2.11 with respect to its participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the participant acquired the applicable participation. 
 l. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or loans made to, or other indebtedness issued by, such Lender pursuant to a securitization transaction (including any structured warehouse credit 
 119 

facility, collateralized loan obligation transaction or similar facility or transaction, and including any further securitization of the indebtedness or equity issued under such a transaction) (a Securitization provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. The Loan Parties shall cooperate with such Lender and its Affiliates to effect a Securitization, including, without limitation, by providing such information as may be reasonably requested by such Lender in connection with the rating of its Loans or any Securitization. 
 Section 12.08 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement. The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document mutatis mutandis . 
 Section 12.09 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 Section 12.10 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE. 
 a. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS AND IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY ANY MEANS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO THE BORROWER AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.01, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 10 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. THE LOAN PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE JURISDICTION OR 
 120 

LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY LOAN PARTY HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. 
 b. Each Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against any Agent, any Lender or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof. 
 Section 12.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, ETC . EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM CONCERNING ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR UNDER ANY AMENDMENT, WAIVER, CONSENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR OTHER AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH IN THE FUTURE MAY BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR ARISING FROM ANY FINANCING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION, PROCEEDINGS OR COUNTERCLAIM SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. EACH LOAN PARTY CERTIFIES THAT NO OFFICER, REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS. EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 Section 12.12. Consent by the Agents and Lenders. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein to the contrary or in any other Loan Document, if the consent, approval, satisfaction, determination, judgment, acceptance or similar action (an Action of any Agent or any Lender shall be permitted or required pursuant to any provision hereof or any provision of any other agreement to which any Loan Party is a party and to which any Agent or any Lender has succeeded thereto, such Action shall be required to be in writing and may be withheld or denied by such Agent or such Lender, in its sole discretion, with or without any reason, and without being subject to question or challenge on the grounds that such Action was not taken in good faith. 
 Section 12.13 No Party Deemed Drafter . Each of the parties hereto agrees that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement. 
 Section 12.14 Reinstatement Certain Payments . If any claim is ever made upon any Secured Party for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received by such Secured Party in payment or on account of any of the Obligations, such Secured Party shall give prompt notice of such 
 121 

claim to each other Agent and Lender and the Borrower, and if such Secured Party repays all or part of such amount by reason of (i) any judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative body having jurisdiction over such Secured Party or any of its property, or (ii) any good faith settlement or compromise of any such claim effected by such Secured Party with any such claimant, then and in such event each Loan Party agrees that (A) any such judgment, decree, order, settlement or compromise shall be binding upon it notwithstanding the cancellation of any Indebtedness hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or the termination of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and (B) it shall be and remain liable to such Secured Party hereunder for the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never originally been received by such Secured Party. 
 Section 12.15 Indemnification Limitation of Liability for Certain Damages . 
 a. In addition to each Loan Party s other Obligations under this Agreement, each Loan Party agrees to, jointly and severally, defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless each Secured Party and all of their respective Related Parties (collectively called the Indemnitees from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fees, reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses) incurred by such Indemnitees, whether prior to or from and after the Effective Date, whether direct, indirect or consequential, as a result of or arising from or relating to or in connection with any of the following (i) the negotiation, preparation, execution or performance or enforcement of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, of any Environmental Claim or any other document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) any Agent s or any Lender s furnishing of funds to the Borrower under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the management of any such Loans or the Borrower s use of the proceeds thereof, (iii) the Agents and the Lenders relying on any instructions of the Borrower or the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of the Borrower as herein provided, (iv) any matter relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or by any document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or (v) any claim, including any Environmental litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to or arising out of any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto (collectively, the Indemnified Matters provided, however, that the Loan Parties shall not have any obligation to any Indemnitee under this subsection (a) for any Indemnified Matter caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 b. The indemnification for all of the foregoing losses, damages, fees, costs and expenses of the Indemnitees set forth in this Section 12.15 are chargeable against the Loan Account. To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, pay and hold harmless set forth in this Section 12.15 may be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public policy, each Loan Party shall, jointly and severally, contribute the maximum portion which it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law, to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Matters incurred by the Indemnitees. 
 c. No Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Indemnitees, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by any applicable legal requirement) arising out of, in connection with, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, 
 122 

and each Loan Party hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue upon any such claim or seek any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. 
 d. The indemnities and waivers set forth in this Section 12.15 shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and discharge of any Liens granted under the Loan Documents. 
 e. Section 12.15 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 Section 12.16 Records . The unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans, the interest rate or rates applicable to such unpaid principal and interest, the duration of such applicability, the Commitments, and the accrued and unpaid fees payable pursuant to Section 2.07 hereof, shall at all times be ascertained from the records of the Agents, which shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 
 Section 12.17 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender and when the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.01 hereof have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Agents, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender, and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Loan Parties shall not have the right to assign their rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of each Agent and each Lender, and any assignment by any Lender shall be governed by Section 12.07 hereof. 
 Section 12.18 Highest Lawful Rate . It is the intention of the parties hereto that each Agent and each Lender shall conform strictly to usury laws applicable to it. Accordingly, if the transactions contemplated hereby or by any other Loan Document would be usurious as to any Agent or any Lender under laws applicable to it (including the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York or any other jurisdiction whose laws may be mandatorily applicable to such Agent or such Lender notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement), then, in that event, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement entered into in connection with or as security for the Obligations, it is agreed as follows (i) the aggregate of all consideration which constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender that is contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received by such Agent or such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or agreements or otherwise in connection with the Obligations shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, any excess shall be canceled automatically and if theretofore paid shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, to the Borrower) and (ii) in the event that the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated by reason of any Event of Default under this Agreement or otherwise, or in the event of any required or permitted prepayment, then such consideration that constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender may never include more than the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, and excess interest, if any, provided for in this Agreement or otherwise shall, subject to the last sentence of this Section 12.18, be canceled automatically by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, as of the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or such Lender to the Borrower). All sums paid or agreed to be paid to any Agent or any Lender for the use, forbearance or detention of sums due hereunder shall, to the extent permitted by law applicable to such Agent or such Lender, be 
 123 

amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full term of the Loans until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of any Loans hereunder does not exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law. If at any time and from time to time (x) the amount of interest payable to any Agent or any Lender on any date shall be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender pursuant to this Section 12.18 and (y) in respect of any subsequent interest computation period the amount of interest otherwise payable to such Agent or such Lender would be less than the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender, then the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender in respect of such subsequent interest computation period shall continue to be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender until the total amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender shall equal the total amount of interest which would have been payable to such Agent or such Lender if the total amount of interest had been computed without giving effect to this Section 12.18. 
 For purposes of this Section 12.18, the term applicable law shall mean that law in effect from time to time and applicable to the loan transaction between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Lenders, on the other, that lawfully permits the charging and collection of the highest permissible, lawful non-usurious rate of interest on such loan transaction and this Agreement, including laws of the State of New York and, to the extent controlling, laws of the United States of America. 
 The right to accelerate the maturity of the Obligations does not include the right to accelerate any interest that has not accrued as of the date of acceleration. 
 Section 12.19 Confidentiality . Each Agent and each Lender agrees (on behalf of itself and its Related Parties) to use reasonable precautions to keep confidential, in accordance with its customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature and in accordance with safe and sound practices of comparable commercial finance companies, any non-public information supplied to it by the Loan Parties pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents which is identified in writing by the Loan Parties as being confidential at the time the same is delivered to such Person (and which at the time is not, and does not thereafter become, publicly available or available to such Person from another source not known to be subject to a confidentiality obligation to such Person not to disclose such information), provided that nothing herein shall limit the disclosure by any Agent or any Lender of any such information (i) to its Affiliates, its Related Parties or the Related Parties of any Person described in clause (ii) or (iii) below) (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made either will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential in accordance with this Section 12.19 or is subject to other customary confidentiality obligations) (ii) to any other party hereto (iii) to any assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) or any party to a Securitization, so long as such assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) or party to a Securitization agrees, in writing, to be bound by or is otherwise subject to customary confidentiality obligations (including, without limitation, confidentiality provisions similar in substance to this Section 12.19) (iv) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or judicial process or as otherwise requested by any Governmental Authority (v) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization, any examiner, auditor or accountant or any nationally recognized rating agency (vi) in connection with any litigation to which any Agent or any Lender is a party (vii) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder (viii) to any other Person if such information is general portfolio information that does not identity the Loan Parties, or (ix) with the consent of the Borrower. In addition, the Agents and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about 
 124 

this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. 
 Section 12.20 Public Disclosure . Each Loan Party agrees that neither it nor any of its Affiliates will now or in the future issue any press release or other public disclosure using the name of an Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of such Agent or such Lender, except to the extent that such Loan Party or such Affiliate is required to do so under applicable law (in which event, such Loan Party or such Affiliate will consult with such Agent or such Lender before issuing such press release or other public disclosure). Each Loan Party hereby authorizes each Agent and each Lender, after consultation with the Borrower, to advertise the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to make appropriate announcements of the financial arrangements entered into among the parties hereto, as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate, including, without limitation, on a home page or similar place for dissemination of information on the Internet or worldwide web, or in announcements commonly known as tombstones, in such trade publications, business journals, newspapers of general circulation and to such selected parties as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate. 
 Section 12.21 Integration . This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof. 
 Section 12.22 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the entities composing the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of each such entity and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the entities composing the Borrower in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. Each Loan Party agrees to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver at its sole cost and expense, such instruments and documents as any Lender may reasonably require from time to time in order to enable such Lender to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 125 

</EX-10.32 5>

<EX-10.35>
 13
 exhibit1035-rraatxexitusan.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 
 Exhibit 10.35 

 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of February 9 , 2023, is made and entered into by and among AgileThought, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the undersigned parties listed as Holders on the signature pages hereto (each, a Holder and, collectively, the Holders ). 
 
 RECITALS 

WHEREAS , as of February 9, 2023, the Company entered into the Exitus Equity Issuance Agreement (the Exitus Equity Issuance Agreement with EXITUS CAPITAL, SOCIEDAD AN NIMA PROMOTORA DE INVERSI N DE CAPITAL VARIABLE, SOCIEDAD FINANCIERA DE OBJETO M LTIPLE, ENTIDAD NO REGULADA Exitus Capital ), in connection with an amendment, effective January 26, 2023 to the Simple Loan Facility (the Loan Facility ), by and among Exitus Capital, as Lender, AgileThought Digital Solutions S.A.P.I. DE C.V., as borrower, and Diego Zavala, as joint obligor and guarantor 
 
 WHEREAS , as of February 9, 2023, the Company entered into the AGS Equity Issuance Agreement (the AGS Equity Issuance Agreement with AGS Group LLC, in connection with the Second Amended and Restated Subordinated Promissory Note, effective January 31, 2023, between AGS, as Lender, and the Company, as borrower (the AGS Promissory Note and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Exitus Equity Issuance Agreement and the AGS Equity Issuance Agreement each provide that the Company will provide certain registration rights relating to the registration of certain shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the Holders pursuant to the Exitus Equity Issuance Agreement or the AGS Equity Issuance Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 
 1.1 Definitions . The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below 
 
 Adverse Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer or any principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed or used, (iii) the disclosure of such information would be materially adverse to the Company and (iv) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public. 
 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any specified person, any other person who, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such person, including without limitation any general partner, managing member, executive officer or director of such person or any investment fund now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one or more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same management company with, such person. 
 
 Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Preamble. 
 
 AGS Lock-up Period means the earlier of (i) March 31, 2023 or (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the AGS Promissory Note). 
 
 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are generally authorized or required by law or regulation to close in the City of New York, New York. 
 
 Commission shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and any successor agency performing comparable functions. 

Common Stock shall mean the Class A shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company. 
 
 Company shall have the meaning given in the Preamble. 
 
 Earlier Registration Rights Agreement means the Amended and Restated Registration Rights 
 Agreement, dated August 23, 2021 between LIVK and the security holders parties thereto as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
 
 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Exitus Lock-up Period means the earlier of (i) July 27, 2023 or (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Facility). 
 
 Form S-1 Shelf shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1 . 
 
 Form S-3 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3 . 
 
 Form S-3 Shelf shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1 . 
 
 Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble. 
 
 Immediate Family Member means a child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, of a natural person referred to herein. 
 
 Maximum Number of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.2 . 
 
 Misstatement shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading. 
 
 Monroe Registration Rights Agreement shall mean the registration rights agreement, dated December 28, 2021, between the Company and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 
 Piggyback Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1 . 
 
 Prospectus shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended by any and all post-effective amendments and including all materials incorporated by reference in such prospectus. 
 
 Registrable Security shall mean (a) the shares of Common Stock issued to a Holder pursuant to the Exitus Equity Issuance Agreement or the AGS Equity Issuance Agreement, respectively and (b) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such shares of Common Stock by way of a share dividend or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization provided , however , that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred (other than to a transferee contemplated by subsection 5.2.2 and new certificates or book entry provisions for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding (D) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) but with no volume or manner of sale restrictions or limitations or (E) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction. 
 
 Registration shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a Registration Statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such Registration Statement becoming effective. 
 
 Registration Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration or Underwritten Offering, including, without limitation, the following 
 2 

(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and fees of any securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed 
 
 (B) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities) 
 
 (C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses 
 
 (D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and 
 
 (E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration. 
 
 Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all materials incorporated by reference in such registration statement. 
 
 Restricted Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 3.6.1 . 
 
 Second Lien Registration Rights Agreement shall mean the registration rights agreement, dated December 30, 2021, between the Company and the parties thereto. 
 
 Securities Ac t shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Underwriter shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such dealer s market-making activities. 
 
 Underwritten Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public. 

ARTICLE II REGISTRATIONS 
 
 2.1 Shelf Registration . 
 
 2.1.1 Shelf Registration . Subject to the provisions of Section 2.5 , the Company shall file promptly after the expiration of the Exitus Lock-Up Period, with respect to Registrable Securities held by Exitus, and promptly after the expiration of the AGS Lock-Up Period, with respect to Registrable Securities held by AGS, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be declared effective as soon as practicable thereafter and no later than the earlier of (x) the 45 th calendar day (or 120 th calendar day if the Commission notifies the Company that it will review the Registration Statement) following the filing date and (y) the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, a Registration Statement for a shelf registration statement under Rule 415 of the Securities Act on Form S-1 (the Form S-1 Shelf or, if the Company is eligible to use a Registration Statement on Form S-3, a shelf registration statement under Rule 415 of the Securities Act on Form S-3 (the Form S-3 Shelf and together with the Form S-1 Shelf, each a Shelf ), in each case, covering the resale of all the Registrable Securities (determined as of two Business Days prior to such filing) on a delayed or continuous basis. Such Shelf shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder named therein. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep a Shelf continuously effective and available for use to permit all Holders named therein to sell their Registrable Securities included therein in the manner desired by Holder and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities, subject in each case to the provisions of this Agreement that permit the Company to suspend the use of the Registration Statement in the circumstances, and subject to the terms and conditions, set forth in those provisions. If, at any time the Company shall have qualified for the use of a Form S-3 Shelf or any other form which permits incorporation of substantial information by reference to other documents filed by the Company with the Commission and at such time the Company has an outstanding Form S-1 Shelf, then the Company shall, as soon as reasonably practical, convert such outstanding Form S-1 Shelf into a Form S-3 Shelf. 
 3 

2.1.2 The Company shall have the right to remove any persons no longer holding Registrable Securities from the Shelf or any other shelf registration statement by means of a post-effective amendment. 
 
 2.1.3 Holder Information Required for Registration . At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement pursuant to this Article II, the Company shall notify each Holder in writing (which may be by email) of the information reasonably necessary about the Holder to include such Holder s Registrable Securities in such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to include such Holder s Registrable Securities to the extent the Company has not received such information, and received any other reasonably requested agreements or certificates, on or prior to the second (2 nd Business Day prior to the first anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement pursuant to this Article II. 
 
 2.2 Piggyback Registration . 
 
 2.2.1 Piggyback Rights . Subject to the provisions of Section 2.5 , if the Company proposes to (A) file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company, other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Company s existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company, (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (v) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act or any successor rule thereto) or b(B) effect an offering pursuant to such Registration Statement, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing or offering to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement or the anticipated launch date in the case of any offering, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration, a Piggyback Registration ). Subject to subsection 2.2.2 , the Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company. 
 
 2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback Registration . If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of the shares of Common Stock that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities ), then 
 
 (a) If the Registration is undertaken for the Company s account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to the Earlier Registration Rights Agreement, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to the Monroe Registration Rights Agreement, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B), and (C), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to the Second Lien Registration Rights Agreement, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum 
 4 

Number of Securities (E) fifth, the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested to be included in such Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities and (F) sixth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A),(B), (C), (D) and (E), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities and 
 
 (b) If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to the Earlier Registration Rights Agreement, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to the Monroe Registration Rights Agreement, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B), and (C), the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to the Second Lien Registration Rights Agreement, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities (E) fifth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 , pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested to be included in such Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities (F) sixth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B), (C), (D) and (E), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities and (G) seventh, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B), (C), (D), (E) and (F), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities. 
 
 2.2.3 Piggyback Registration Withdrawal . Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3 . 
 
 2.3 Registrations on Form S-3 . Subject to the provisions of Section 2.5 , the Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, to the extent that their Registrable Securities are not covered by an effective Shelf, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration statement that may be available at such time Form S-3 ). Within five (5) days of the Company s receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration on Form S-3 to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holder s Registrable Securities in such Registration on Form S-3 shall so notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than fourteen (14) days after the Company s initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall register all or such portion of such Holder s Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders provided , however , that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof if (i) a Form S-3 is not available for such offering or (ii) the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than 10,000,000. 
 
 5 

2.4 Restrictions on Registration Rights . If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Company s good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company-initiated Registration or (B) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days provided , however , that the Company shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any 12-month period. 
 
 2.5 Lock-Up . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to effect any Shelf Registration or Piggyback Registration of any Registrable Securities subject to the applicable Lock-Up Period prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period applicable to such shares of Common Stock. 
 
 ARTICLE III COMPANY PROCEDURES 
 
 3.1 General Procedures . If at any time the Company is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible 
 
 3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold provided, however , that the Company shall not be required to file any Registration Statement for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or combination of methods that is not legally available to the Company 
 
 3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by any Holder with Registrable Securities registered on such Registration Statement with respect to such Holder s selling stockholder information or otherwise by the majority-in-interest of the Holders or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus 
 
 3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and each Holder of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and each Holder of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders 
 
 3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its reasonable best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as any Holder of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions provided , however , that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject 
 
 3.1.5 cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed 
 
 6 

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement 
 
 3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued 
 
 3.1.8 at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus (or promptly upon filing, with respect to any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus (unless such document is available on the Commission s EDGAR system)), furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel, including, without limitation, providing copies promptly upon receipt of any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus. The Company shall not include the name of any Holder or any information regarding any Holder in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder and providing each such Holder or its counsel a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document, which comments the Company shall include unless contrary to applicable law or the Company reasonably expects that so doing would cause the Prospectus to contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (it being understood and agreed that (a) if the Company complies with its obligations under this sentence and the Holder does not provide the applicable prior written consent, the omission of such Holder and its Registrable Securities from any such Registration Statement, Prospectus or amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus shall not be deemed a breach by the Company of any other provision of this Agreement and (b) the Company will not be obligated to obtain a prior written consent with respect to the name of any Holder or any information regarding such Holder that such Holder has previously consented to for inclusion in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or amendment or supplement to any Registration Statement or Prospectus with respect to any subsequent filing containing the same or substantially similar information) 
 
 3.1.9 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof 
 
 3.1.10 permit a representative of the Holders, the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such person s own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement or any supplement to the Prospectus contained therein, and cause the Company s officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information 
 
 3.1.11 obtain a cold comfort letter from the Company s independent registered public accountants (and the independent registered public accountants of any entity whose financial statements are included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or Prospectus) in the event of an Underwritten Registration, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders 
 
 3.1.12 on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders 
 
 3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering 
 
 3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Company s first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of 
 7 

Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) 
 
 3.1.15 if the Registration involves an Underwritten Offering involving gross proceeds in excess of 10,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter thereof and 
 
 3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration. 
 
 3.2 Registration Expenses . The Registration Expenses of all Registrations and Underwritten Offerings shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses , all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders. 
 
 3.3 Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings . No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such person s securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements. 
 
 3.4 Suspension of Sales Adverse Disclosure . Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Company s control, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) consecutive days or sixty (60) days in any rolling 12-month period, determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep the Holders apprised of the estimated length of the anticipated delay, use its reasonable best efforts to limit the length of any delay and immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4 . 
 
 3.5 Reporting Obligations . As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings (it being understood that the availability of such filings on the Commission s EDGAR system shall satisfy this requirement). The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell shares of Common Stock held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any reasonably requested legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements. 

ARTICLE IV INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION 
 
 4.1 Indemnification . 
 
 4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and agents and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged 
 8 

omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holders. 
 
 4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein provided , however , that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company. 
 
 4.1.3 Any person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any person s right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified party s reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (plus local counsel) for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. 
 
 4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Company s or such Holder s indemnification is unavailable for any reason. 
 
 4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying party s and indemnified party s relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action provided , however , that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1 , 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of 
 9 

allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5 . No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 
 
 ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 5.1 Notices . Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third Business Day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to 222 W. Las Colinas Blvd. Suite 1650E, Irving, Texas 75039, Attention Chief Financial Officer, with a copy to Mayer Brown LLP, Attention Jennifer J. Carlson, 3000 El Camino Real, Palo Alto, CA 94306, and, if to any Holder, at such Holder s address or facsimile number as set forth in the Company s books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1 . 
 
 5.2 Assignment No Third Party Beneficiaries . 
 
 5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part. 
 
 5.2.2 Any Holder may assign or delegate such Holder s rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, if (i) the transferee receives Registrable Securities that constitute at least 1 of the Company s then-outstanding Common Stock, (ii) such transfer is not pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement and (iii) the transferee agrees to become party to this Agreement and other applicable agreements, including the applicable Equity Issuance Agreement. For the purposes of determining the number of shares of Registrable Securities held by a transferee, the holdings of a transferee (1) that is an Affiliate or stockholder of a Holder (2) who is a Holder s Immediate Family Member or (3) that is a trust for the benefit of an individual Holder or such Holder s Immediate Family Member shall be aggregated together and with those of the transferring Holder. 
 
 5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders. 
 
 5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof. 
 
 5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such party s rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void. 
 
 5.3 Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 
 5.4 Governing Law Venue . NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT (I) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK AND (II) THE VENUE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN WITH RESPECT TO THE AGREEMENT SHALL BE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN NEW YORK COUNTY IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS 
 10 

CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 
 
 EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR TO THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 5.4 . 
 
 5.5 Amendments and Modifications . Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities affected thereby at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a Holder of Registrable Securities, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party. 
 
 5.6 Other Registration Rights . The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than (a) the holders party to the Earlier Registration Rights Agreement, (b) those certain investors that agreed on or about August 23, 2021 to purchase shares of Common Stock in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to those certain Subscription Agreements dated on or about August 23, 2021, (c) the holders party to the Monroe Registration Rights Agreement, (d) the holders of the Company s public warrants and (E) the holders party to the Second Lien Registration Rights Agreement, has any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. 
 
 5.7 Term . This Agreement shall terminate upon the date as of which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period referred to in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission)) or (B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities Act without limitation on the amount of securities sold or the manner of sale. The provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination. 
 
 5.8 Severability . Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 5.9 Entire Agreement . This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and is intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties in respect of the subject matter contained herein and the registration rights granted by the Company with respect to the Common Stock issued to a Holder. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein, with respect to the registration rights granted by the Company with respect to the Common Stock issued to a Holder. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and undertakings among the parties with respect to such registration rights. No party shall have any rights, duties or obligations other than those specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 11 

SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 
 12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

AGILETHOUGHT, INC. By s Manuel Senderos Name Manuel Senderos Title Chairman & CEO 

Registration Rights Agreement 

EXITUS CAPITAL, SOCIEDAD AN NIMA PROMOTORA DE INVERSI N DE CAPITAL VARIABLE, SOCIEDAD FINANCIERA DE OBJETO M LTIPLE, ENTIDAD NO REGULADA , 
 as Holder By Name Title 

Registration Rights Agreement 

AGS GROUP LLC, 
 as Holder By s Mauricio Rioseco Name Mauricio Rioseco Title Manager 

Registration Rights Agreement 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-21.1>
 14
 exhibit211-listofsubsidiar.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Subsidiaries of AgileThought, Inc. 
 
 Legal Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation AN Global LLC Delaware IT Global Holding LLC Delaware 4th Source Holding Corp Delaware 4th Source LLC Delaware 4th Source Mexico LLC Delaware AN USA California Entrepids Technology Inc. Delaware QMX Investment Holdings USA, Inc. Delaware AGS Alpama Global Services USA, LLC Delaware AgileThought LLC Florida Cuarto Origen, S de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Faktos Inc, S.A.P.I. de C.V. Mexico Facultas Analytics, S.A.P.I. de C.V. Mexico AgileThought Digital Solutions, S.A.P.I. de C.V. Mexico AgileThought Servicios M xico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico AgileThought Servicios Administrativos, S.A. de C.V. Mexico AGS Alpama Global Services M xico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico AN Evolution, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Entrepids M xico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico AN UX, S.A. de C.V. Mexico AN Extend, S.A. de C.V. Mexico AN Data Intelligence, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Anzen Soluciones, S.A. de C.V. Mexico AgileThought M xico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico AgileThought Argentina Argentina AgileThought Brasil Servicos de Consultoria Em Software LTDA Brazil AgileThought Brasil-Consultoria Em Tecnologia LTDA Brazil AgileThought Costa Rica, S.A. Costa Rica Tarnow Investment, S.L. Spain 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 15
 exhibit231-consentofkpmg20.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-269519 and No. 333-269841) on Form S-3 and in the registration statement (No. 333-262369) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 13, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of AgileThought, Inc. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 16
 exhibit311section302ofsox-.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Manuel Senderos Fern ndez, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AgileThought Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 13, 2023 
 By s Manuel Senderos Fern ndez 
 Manuel Senderos Fern ndez 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 17
 exhibit312section302ofsox-.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Amit Singh, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AgileThought Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 13, 2023 
 By s Amit Singh 
 Amit Singh 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 18
 exhibit321section906ofsox-.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Manuel Senderos Fern ndez, Chief Executive Officer of AgileThought, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. The annual report on Form 10-K for the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 13, 2023 
 By s Manuel Senderos Fern ndez 
 Manuel Senderos Fern ndez 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 19
 exhibit322section906ofsox-.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Amit Singh, Chief Financial Officer of AgileThought, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. The annual report on Form 10-K for the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 13, 2023 
 By s Amit Singh 
 Amit Singh 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 agil-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 agil-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 agil-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 agil-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 agil-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

